Delivered 05:05 PM 09/08/2006
FILED 05:07 PM 09/08/2006
SRV 060834793 - 3050994 FILE

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
‘q Division of Corporations

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF ACCRUENT, INC.

Accruent, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware hereby certifies as follows:

A. The name of the corporation is Accruent, Inc. The Original Certificate of
Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on June 2, 1999 under the
name MyContract.com, Inc.

B. Pursuant to Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates and integrates
and further amends the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the corporation.

C. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and
restated in its entirety to read as follows:

ONE The name of the corporation is Accruent, Inc.

TWO The address of the corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is
2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, in the County of New Castle.
The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

THREE The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

FOUR

1. Capitalization. The corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
that the corporation is authorized to issue is 145,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the
“Common Stock”) with a par value of $0.001 per share and 93,798,806 shares of Preferred
Stock (the “Preferred Stock”) with a par value of $0.001 per share. The number of authorized
shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of
Common Stock then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock
of the Corporation entitled to vote (voting together on an as-if-converted basis), irrespective of
the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

FIVE The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the
Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Designation. 527,215 shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated Series A
Preferred Stock (‘Series A Preferred”), 306,516 shares of Preferred Stock are hereby
designated Series A-1 Preferred Stock (“Series A-1 Preferred”), 4,997,185 shares of Preferred
Stock are hereby designated Series A-2 Preferred Stock (“Series A-2 Preferred”), 6,196,137

PA\L 0467544 6 1
Stock (“Series B-1 Preferred”), 32,684,961 shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
Series C Preferred Stock (the “Series C Preferred’), 26,847,133 shares of Preferred Stock are
hereby designated Series D Preferred Stock (the “Series D Preferred”), 10,610,830 shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated Series E Preferred Stock (the “Series E Preferred’’) and
9,259,260. Preferred Stock are hereby designated as Series F Preferred Stock (the
“Series F Preferred”). The Series B Preferred and Series B-1 Preferred are hereafter

‘ser Fre to as the “Series B Shares.” The Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred,

Series A-2 Preferred, and the Series B Shares are hereafter collectively referred to as the “Junior
Shares.”

2. Dividends. Prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on
the Junior Shares or the Common Stock, the holders of Series F Preferred, Series E Preferred,
Series D Preferred and Series C Preferred shall be entitied; as, when and}f declared by the
corporation’s Board of Directors (the “Board’’) to a dtvniendo corporation’s assets
legally available therefore at the rate per share of $0.0297, $0.0285, $0.0285 and $0.016,
respectively, per annum (as adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations, or like
transactions) (such dividends, the “Series F Dividend”, “Series E Dividend”, “Series D
Dividend” and the “Series C Dividend”, respectively, and each a “Senior Shares Dividend’),
or such greater amount per share paid per share of Common Stock. The Series F Dividend,
Series E Dividend, Series D Dividend and Series C Dividend, respectively, shall: (i) not be
payable unless each other Senior Shares Dividend ts also paid in full; and (ii) be payable in
preference and before any payment of any dividend on the Common Stock, the Series A
Preferred, Series A-1] Preferred, Series A-2 Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series B-1
Preferred. After payment in full of the Series F Dividend, Series E Dividend, Series D Dividend
and the Series C Dividend, the holders of the Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred,

Series A-2 Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series B-1 Preferred shall be entitled as, when and
if declared by the Board, to dividends out of the corporation’s assets legally available therefor at
the rate per share of $0.61, $0.61, $0.14, $0.11, and $0.05, respectively, per annum (as adjusted
for stock splits, dividends, combinations, or like transactions (the “Junior Shares Dividend’”)),
or such greater amount per share paid per share of Common Stock. The Junior Shares Dividend
shall: (i) not be payable unless paid to each series of Junior Shares; and (ii) be payable in
preference and before any payment of any dividend on the Common Stock of the corporation.
Thereafter, the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock shall be entitled as, when and if
declared by the Board, to dividends out of the corporation’s assets legally available therefor;
provided, however, that the dividend on any series of any Preferred Stock shall be payable at the
same rate per share as would be payable on the shares of Common Stock or other securities into
which such series of Preferred Stock is convertible immediately before the record date for such
dividend. The right to such dividends on shares of the Common Stock or Preferred Stock shall
not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of Common Stock or Preferred Stock by
reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior period.

PA\10467544.6 2
3. Liquidation Preference.
(a) Definitions.

“Distributable Assets Account” means a ledger account with a balance
equal to the fair market value of all of the assets of the corporation that are legally available for
distribution to the stockholders.

“Series A Account,” “Series A-1 Account,” “Series A-2 Account,”
“Series B Account,” “Series B-1 Account,” ‘Series C Account,” “Series D Account,” “Series
E Account,” and “Series F Account” are each ledger accounts to which amounts will be
credited pursuant to subdivision (b) and which will be distributed to stockholders pursuant to
subdivision (c), and will be collectively referred to as the “Ledger Accounts.” In pro-rata
calculations, the Series A Account will be credited with that amount attributable to number of
shares held by the holders of Series A Preferred. Similarly, the Series A-1 Account will be
credited with that amount attributable to the number of shares held by the holders of Series A-1
Preferred, and so on for all such Ledger Accounts.

“Series A Preference” means the result obtained by multiplying the total
number of shares of Series A Preferred outstanding by the sum of (i) $7.63 and (ii) any per share
dividend declared but unpaid on the Series A Preferred.

“Series A-l Preference” means the result obtained by multiplying the
total number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred outstanding by the sum of (i) $7.63 and (ii) any
per share dividend declared but unpaid on the Series A-1 Preferred.

“Series A-2 Preference” means the result obtained by multiplying the
total number of shares of Series A-2 Preferred outstanding by the sum of (i) $1.77 and (ii) any
per share dividend declared but unpaid on the Series A-2 Preferred.

“Series B Preference” means the result obtained by multiplying the total
number of shares of Series B Preferred outstanding by the sum of (i) $1.39 and (ii) any per share
dividend declared but unpaid on the Series B Preferred.

“Series B-1 Preference” means the result obtained by multiplying the
total number of shares of Series B Preferred outstanding by the sum of (i) $0.62 and (ii) any per
share dividend declared but unpaid on the Series B-1 Preferred.

“Series C Preference” means the result obtained by multiplying the total
number of shares of Series C Preferred outstanding by the sum of (i) $0.32 and (ii) any per share
dividend declared but unpaid on the Series C Preferred.

“Series D Preference” means the result obtained by multiplying the total

number of shares of Serics D Preferred outstanding by the sum of (i) $0.57 and (ii) any per share
dividend declared but unpaid on the Series D Preferred.

PA\10467544.6 3
“Series E Preference” means the result obtaingg db
number of shares of Series E Preferred outstanding by the sum 0 .
dividend declared but unpaid on the Series E Preferred.

multiplying the total
and (ii) any per share

“Series F Preference” means the result obtained,
number of shares of Series F Preferred outstanding by the sum of (iff
share dividend declared but unpaid on the Series F Preferred.

by-multiplying the total

surplus funds of the corporatfOrrro the holders of Common Stock, a liquidation preference. To
facilitate the calculation of such liquidation preference, a Ledger Account will be created for
each series of Preferred Stock. Such Ledger Accounts will be credited in the following order
with the following amounts:

(i) First. An amount equal to the Series @Baaference will be credited
to the Series F Account; provided, however that in the event that the Distributable Assets
Account is less than such amount, then the amount to be credited to the Series F Account will be
the entire Distributable Asset Account.

(ii) | Second. Thereafter, each dollar legally available for distribution
will be credited to the Series E Account until such time as the Series E Account is equal to the
Series E Preference.

(iii) Third. Thereafter, each dollar legally available for distribution will
be credited to the Series D Account until such time as the Series D Account is equal to the
Series D Preference.

(iv) Fourth. Thereafter, each dollar legally available for distribution
will be credited to the Series C Account until such time as the Series C Account is equal to the
Series C Preference.

(v) Fifth. Thereafter, until (A) the Series B Account is equal to the
Series B Preference and (B) the Series B-1 Account is equal to the Scries B-1 Preference, each
dollar legally available for distribution will be split between the Scries B Account and the
Series B-! Account pro-rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock that the holders of
Serics B Preferred and Series B-1 Preferred would receive on the conversion of such shares of
Preferred Stock, respectively.

(vi) Sixth. Thereafter, until (A) the Series A-1 Account is equal to the
Series A-1 Preference and (B) the Series A-2 Account is equal to the Series A-2 Preference, cach
dollar legally available for distribution will be split between the Series A-1 Account and the
Series A-2 Account pro-rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock that the holders of
Series A-1 Preferred and Series A-2 Preferred would receive on the conversion of such shares of
Preferred Stock, respectively.

PA\10467544.6 4
(vii) Seventh. Thereafter, until the Series A Account is equal to the
Series A Preference, each dollar legally available for distribution will be credited to the Series A
Account.

(c) Calculation of Balances; Insufficient Assets; Distribution of Account

Balances.

(i) The preferences set forth in paragraph (b) will be calculated in
order, from subsection (i) to subsection (vii). Each credit applied to one of the Ledger Accounts
pursuant to the preferences set forth in paragraph (b) subsections (i) through (vii) will be offset
by a deduction from the Distributable Assets Account of an amount equal to such credit. At such
time as the balance of the Distributable Assets Account equals zero, no further credits will be
applied.

(ii) | The amounts credited to the Ledger Accounts pursuant to
paragraph (b) will be distributed in the following order: First, the balance of the Series F
Account will be distributed to the holders of the Series F Preferred pro rata based on the number
of shares of Series F Preferred owned by each holder. Next, the balance of the Series E Account
will be distributed to the holders of the Series E Preferred pro rata based on the number of shares
of Series E Preferred owned by each holder. Next, the balance of the Series D Account will be
distributed to the holders of the Series D Preferred pro rata based on the number of shares of
Series D Preferred owned by each holder. Next, the balance of the Series C Account will be
distributed to the holders of Series C Preferred pro rata based on the number of shares of
Series C Preferred owned by each holder. Next, the balance of the Series B-1 Account will be
distributed to the holders of Series B-1 Preferred pro rata based on the number of shares of
Series B-1 Preferred owned by each holder. Next, the balance of the Series B Account will be
distributed to the holders of Series B Preferred pro rata based on the number of shares of
Series B Preferred owned by each holder. Next, the balance of the Series A-2 Account will be
distributed to the holders of Series A-2 Preferred pro rata based on the number of shares of
Series A-2 Preferred owned by each holder. Next, the balance of the Series A-1 Account will be
distributed to the holders of Series A-1! Preferred pro rata based on the number of shares of
Series A-1 Preferred owned by each holder. Next, the balance of the Series A Account will be
distributed to the holders of Series A Preferred pro rata based on the number of shares of
Series A Preferred owned by each holder.

(d) Remaining Assets. After the payment or the setting apart of payment to the
holders of the Prefered of the preferential amounts so payable to them under Section 3(a),
(b), and (c), the remaifiing aSse)}s of the corpgggtion shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of
the Common Stock‘und-the folders of afte Stock at the same rate per share as would be
payable on the shares of Common Stock ite-whiich such shares of Preferred Stock are
convertible immediately prior to such distribution.

(e) Merger or Sale of Assets. Each of the following transactions shall be deemed
to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation as those terms are used in this
Section 3: (a) any reorganization, consolidation, merger or similar transaction or scries of related
transactions (each, a “Combination Transaction’) in which the corporation is a constituent
corporation or is a party if, as a result of such Combination Transaction, the corporation’s voting

PA\10467544.6 5
securities that are outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of such Combination
Transaction (other than any such securities that are held by an “Acquiring Stockholder,” as
defined below) do not represent, or are not converted into, securities of the surviving corporation
of such Combination Transaction (or such surviving corporation’s parent corporation if the
surviving corporation is owned by the parent corporation) that, immediately after the
consummation of such Combination Transaction, together possess at least 50% of the total
voting power of all securities of such surviving corporation (or its parent corporation, if
applicable) that are outstanding immediately after the consummation of such combination
transaction; (b) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation or (c) the sale of a
majority of the outstanding voting securities of the corporation (other than a sale of voting
securities of the corporation primarily for capital raising purposes), whether in a single
transaction or pursuant to a series of related transactions. For purposes of this Section 3(e),
“Acquiring Stockholder” means a stockholder or stockholders of the corporation that (i) merges
or combines with the corporation in such Combination Transaction or (ii) owns or controls a
majority of another corporation that merges or combines with the corporation in such
Combination Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing or the provisions of subsection S(e)
below, if any of the above described transactions are approved by (a) the vote of the holders of at
least 50% of the issued and outstanding Preferred Stock voting together as a single class on an
as-converted-to-Common-Stock basis, (b) the vote of the holders of at least 75% of the issued
and outstanding Series B Shares, voting together as a single class on an as-converted-to-
Common-Stock basis, (c) the vote of the holders of at least 56% of the issued and outstanding
Series C Shares, (d) the vote of the holders of at least 60% of the issued and outstanding Series D
Shares, (e) the vote of the holders of at least a majority of the issued and outstanding Series E
Shares, (f) the vote of the holders of at least a majority of the issued and outstanding Series F
Shares and (g) a vote sufficient under the Delaware General Corporation Law, this Certificate of
Incorporation and the Bylaws of the Corporation, then such transaction and the nghts of the
holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock will be governed by the documents to be entered
into in connection with such transaction.

(f) Noncash Distributions. If any of the assets of the corporation other than cash
are to be distributed under this Section 3 or for any purpose, then the Board shall promptly
engage independent competent appraisers to determine the fair market value of the assets to be
distributed to the holders of Preferred Stock or Common Stock. The corporation shall, upon
receipt of such appraiser’s valuation, give prompt written notice to each holder of shares of
Preferred Stock or Common Stock of the appraiser’s valuation. Notwithstanding the above, any
securities to be distributed to the stockholders shall be valucd as follows:

(i) If traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be
the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange over the 5-day period ending
three business days before the record date for such distribution;

(ii) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as mutually determined by the corporation and the holders of not less than
a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, provided that if the corporation and the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are unable to reach agreement,
then by independent appraisal by an investment banker hired and paid by the corporation, but
acceptable to the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

PA\10467544.6 6
(g) Notice of Transaction. The corporation shall give each holder of record of
Preferred Stock written notice of any impending transaction referred to in clause (e) above not
later than 10 business days prior to the stockholders’ meeting called to approve such transaction,
or 10 business days prior to the closing of such transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also
notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices
shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions
of this Section 3, and the corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any
material changes. The transaction shall in no event take place sooner than 10 business days after
the later of (i) the date the corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or (11) the
date the corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein; provided,
however, that such periods may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of Preferred
Stock that are entitled to such notice rights or similar notice rights and that represent at least a
majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of such Preferred Stock. In the event
the requirements of this Section 3(g) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith
cause the closing of the transaction to be postponed until such notice requirements have been
complied with.

4. Voting Rights.

(a) General Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein or required by
law or provided in Section 4(b), the holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
vote on all matters and shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock into which each share of Preferred Stock could be converted pursuant to
Section 5 hereof at the record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to vote on
such matters or, if no such record date is established, at the date such vote is taken. Except as
otherwise provided herein or required by law, the Preferred Stock shall have voting rights and
powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the Common Stock. Fractional votes shall not,
however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula shall be
rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half rounded upward).

(b) Board of Directors. The holders of Series A Preferred and Series A-1
Preferred, voting together as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Board.
The holders of Series A-2 Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one
member of the Board. The holders of Series B Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect one member of the Board. The holders of Series C Preferred, voting as a
separate class, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Board. The holders of the Series D
Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Board. The
holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be entitled
to elect all remaining members of the Board. Notwithstanding any Bylaw provision to the
contrary, the stockholders entitled to elect a particular director shall be entitled to remove such
director or to fill a vacancy in the seat formerly held by such director.

5. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows
(the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof and without the payment of additional consideration by the holder

PA\10467544.6 7
thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the corporation or any
transfer agent for such Preferred Stock. Upon conversion of a share of Preferred Stock, any
dividends on such share of Preferred Stock that are declared but unpaid at the time of such
conversion will remain payable by the corporation, as required by law. Each share of Preferred
Stock shall be convertible into the number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock that results from dividing the Conversion Value (as defined below) per share in effect for
such series of Preferred Stock at the time of conversion by the Conversion Price (as defined
below) per share of such series of Preferred Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock into
which each series of Preferred Stock is convertible is hereinafter collectively referred to as the
“Conversion Rate” for such series. The initial “Conversion Value” per share of (i) Series A
Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series A-2 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred is
$0.595, the initial Conversion Value for the Series C Preferred is $0.32, the initial Conversion
Value for the Series D Preferred is $0.57, the initial Conversion Value for the Series E Preferred
is $0.57 and the Conversion Value for the Series F Preferred is $0.594. The “Conversion Price”
per share of each series of Preferred Stock (other than the Series D Preferred, the Series E
Preferred and the Series F Preferred) shall initially be $0.32, the Conversion Price per share of
the Series D Preferred shall initially be $0.57, the Conversion Price per share of the Series E
Preferred shall initially be $0.57 and the Conversion Price per share of the Series F Preferred
shall initially be $0.594. The Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be subject
to adjustment as hereinafter provided. If a conversion election under this Section 5(a) is made in
connection with an underwritten offering of the corporation’s securities pursuant to the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, (which underwritten offering does not cause an automatic conversion
pursuant to Section 5(b) to take place) the conversion may, at the option of the holder tendering
shares of the Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the
underwriters of the sale of the corporation’s securities pursuant to such offering, in which event
the holders making such elections who are entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of
their Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such shares of the Preferred Stock
until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of the corporation’s securities in the offering.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate upon the closing
of a firm commitment underwritten public offering by a nationally recognized underwriter of the
corporation’s Common Stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, with a sales price per share of Common Stock of at least $1.78 (subject
to adjustments for stock splits, dividends, etc.) and with gross procecds to the corporation, at the
public offering price, greater than $30,000,000 (before payment of underwniter discounts,
commissions, or expenses) (a “Qualified IPO”); provided, further, that (i) upon the written
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series F Preferred, the
Series F Preferred shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then
effective applicable Conversion Rate; (ii) upon the written consent of the holders of at least a
majority of the outstanding shares of Series E Preferred, the Series E Preferred shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective applicable
Conversion Rate; (iii) upon the written consent of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of
the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred, the Series D Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective applicable Conversion Rate;

(iv) upon the written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred, the Series C Preferred shall automatically be converted into shares of

PA\10467544.6 8
Common Stock at the then effective applicable Conversion Rate; and (v) upon the written
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Junior Shares, voting
together as one class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, the Junior Shares shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective applicable
Conversion Rate.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed for transfer, at the office of the corporation or of
any transfer agent for such Preferred Stock and shall give written notice to the corporation at
such office that such holder elects to convert the same. The corporation shall, as soon as
practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall
be entitled. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately before the close of
business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the
person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock
on such date.

(d) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall! be issued
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by
the applicable Conversion Price.

(e) Adjustment of Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of each series of
Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) In the event that the corporation shall issue any Common Stock
(other than “Excluded Stock” (as defined below), or stock dividends, van (a), ea

combinations or dividends, covered by Sections 5(e)(iv), (v), and (vi))

consideration per share less than the Gonversion Price for any series of Preferred Stoc effect
immediately before such i issuance, thén in such an event, the Conversion Price for such series of
Preferred Stock in effect imm ely after each such i issuance shall forthwith be adjusted on the
close of business on the date of issuance, if shares of such serisg@fPreferred Stock are
outstanding on such date, to a price equal to the quotient obtfiried by dividi

(A) an amount equal to the sum of

(w) _ the total number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock, or deemed to have been issued and outstanding pursuant to subdivision (B)(3) of this
Section 5(e)(i) and Section 5(c)(iii)) immediately before such issuance multiplied by the
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately before such issuance
(or such higher price for which such shares of Common Stock were actually issued), plus

(x) the consideration received by the corporation upon
such issuance described in 5(e)(i), by

PA\L0467544.6 9
(B) the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
(including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, or
deemed to have been issued and outstanding pursuant to subdivision (B)(3) of this Section 5(e)(i)
and Section 5(e)(iii), but not including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
the Preferred Stock as a result of the adjustment to the conversion price then being made pursuant
to this Section 5(e)(i)) immediately after the issuance of such Common Stock.

For the purposes of any adjustment of a Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 5(e)(i), the
following provisions shall be applicable:

(1) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash,
the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor without deducting any
discounts or commissions paid or incurred by the corporation in connection with the issuance
and sale thereof.

(2) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board, in accordance with generally
accepted accounting treatment; provided, however, that if, at the time of such determination, the
corporation’s Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market or on a national or
regional securities exchange, such fair market value as determined by the Board shall not exceed
the aggregate “Current Market Price” (as defined below) of the shares of Common Stock being
issued.

(3) In the case of the issuance (directly or by assumption in
a merger or otherwise) of (i) warrants or options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock (other than Excluded Stock), (ii) securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock (other than Excluded Stock), or (iii) warrants or options to purchase or rights
to subscribe for securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock
(other than Excluded Stock):

(A) the aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of such warrants or options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such warrants,
options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in
the manner provided in subdivisions (1) and (2) above), if any, received by the corporation upon
the issuance of such warrants, options or rights plus the minimum purchase price provided in
such warrants, options or rights for the Common Stock covered thereby;

(B) the aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or
exchangeable securities, or upon the exercise of warrants or options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange
thereof, shal! be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such
warrants, options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any,
received by the corporation for any such securities and related warrants, options or rights
(excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the

PA\10467544.6 10
minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the corporation upon the conversion
or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related warrants, options or rights (the
consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in subdivisions (1) and (2)
above);

(C) on any change in the number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of any such warrants, options or rights or conversion
of or exchange for such convertible or exchangeable securities, or on any change in the minimum
purchase price of such warrants, options, rights or securities, other than a change resulting from
the antidilution provisions of such warrants, options, rights or securities, the Conversion Price for
such series of Preferred Stock shall forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would
have obtained had the adjustment made upon (x) the issuance of such warrants, options, rights or
securities not exercised, converted or exchanged before such change, as the case may be, been
made upon the basis of such change or (y) the warrants, options or rights related to such
convertible or exchangeable securities not converted or exchanged before such change, as the
case may be, been made upon the basis of such change; and

(D) on the expiration of any such warrants, options
or rights, or the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any
warrants, options or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion
Price for such series of Preferred Stock shall forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as
would have obtained had the adjustment made upon the issuance of such warrants, options,
rights, convertible or exchangeable securities or options or rights related to such convertible or
exchangeable securities, as the case may be, been made upon the basis of the issuance of only the
number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such warrants, options
or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of such convertible or exchangeable securities or
upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities,
as the case may be.

(it) “Excluded Stock” shal! mean:

(A)all shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date
of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation;

(B) all shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding on the date
hercof, or issued pursuant to the Series F Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated on or around
August 29, 2006 by and among the corporation and certain investors, as such agreement may be
amended pursuant to its terms, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such
Preferred Stock;

(C) shares of Common Stock (including options or warrants
therefor) issued or issuable to officers, directors, employees, scientific advisors or consultants of,
or licensors of technology to, the corporation, pursuant to the corporation’s 1999 Stock Plan or
2006 Stock Plan or granted pursuant to an agreement approved by a majority of the non-employee
members of the Board;

PA\10467544.6 1]
(D) all shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock issuable on the
exercise of any warrants or options outstanding on the date of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation ;

(E) all shares of Common Stock (or options or warrants therefor)
issued or issuable to the corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, which issuance is approved by a
majority of the non-employee members of the Board;

(F) all shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock (or options or
warrants therefor) issued or issuable to an equipment lessor, bank, financial institution or similar
entity in a transaction, the principal purpose of which is other than equity financing, approved by a
majority of the non-employee members of the Board;

(G)all shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock (or options or
warrants therefor) issued or issuable in a merger, acquisition, or similar transaction that is
approved by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board; provided however that
nothing in this subsection G is intended to modify Article FIVE Section 6;

(H) all shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock (or options or
warrants therefor) issued or issuable pursuant to (i) any transaction approved by a majority of the
non-employee members of the Board primarily for the purpose of (x) a joint venture, technology
licensing or research and development activity or (y) distribution or manufacture of the
corporation’s products or services, or (ii) any other transaction involving corporate partners, the
principal purpose of which is other than equity financing, approved by a majority of the non-
employee members of the Board; provided however that nothing in this subsection H is intended
to modify Article FIVE Section 6;

(1) all shares of Series B Preferred, if any, issued to Oracle
Corporation pursuant to that certain Ordering Document, dated April 26, 2000 between the
corporation and Oracle Corporation;

(J) such shares of the corporation’s capital stock if the holders of at
least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Junior Shares, a majority of the then outstanding
shares of the Series C Preferred, a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series D
Preferred, a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series E Preferred, and a majority of the
then outstanding shares of Series F Preferred agree in writing that such shares shall constitute
Excluded Stock; or

(K) any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to a
registered public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock wil] be converted to Common Stock.

Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 5(e)(ii), all shares of capital stock (other
than Series B Preferred, if any) issued to Oracle Corporation pursuant to that certain Ordering
Document, dated April 26, 2000 between the corporation and Oracle Corporation shall not
constitute Excluded Stock.

PA\10467544.6 12
(iii) All outstanding shares of Excluded Stock (including any shares
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock but excluding shares reserved for issuance for
option plans for which options have not yet been granted) shall be deemed to be outstanding for
all purposes of the computations of Section 5(e)(i) above.

(iv) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time
aftcr the date hereof is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or by a
subdivision or split-up of shares of Common Stock, then, on the record date for such payment or
such change, the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so
that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of the
Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares.

(v) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time
after the date hereof is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
then, on the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for such series shall be
appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of
shares of the Preferred Stock shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding
shares.

(vi) In case the corporation shall declare a cash dividend upon its
Common Stock payable otherwise than out of retained earnings or shall distribute to holders of
its Common Stock shares of its capital stock (other than Common Stock), stock or other
securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the corporation or other persons,
assets (excluding cash dividends) or warrants, options or rights (excluding warrants or options to
purchase and rights to subscribe for Common Stock or other securities of the corporation
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock), then, in each such case, immediately
following the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock entitled to
receive such dividend or distribution, the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock in effect
thereafter shall be determined by multiplying the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock in
effect immediately before such record date by a fraction of which the numerator shall be an
amount equal to the remainder of (x) the Current Market Price (as defined below) of one share of
Common Stock less (y) the amount of such cash dividend in respect of one share of Common
Stock or the fair market value (as determined by the Board, whose determination shall be
conclusive) of the stock, securities, evidences or indebtedness, assets, warrants, options or rights
so distributed in respect of one share of Common Stock, as the case may be, and of which the
denominator shall be the Current Market Price of one share of Common Stock. Such adjustment
shall be made on the date such dividend or distribution is made, and shall become effective at the
opening of business on the business day next following the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to such dividend or distribution.

(vil) For the purpose of any computation pursuant to this Section 5(e),
the “Current Market Price” at any date of one share of Common Stock, shall be deemed to be
the average of the highest reported bid and the lowest reported offer prices on the preceding
business day as furnished by the National Quotation Bureau, Incorporated (or equivalent
recognized source of quotations); provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not traded in
such manner that the quotations referred to in this Section 5(e) are available for the period
required hereunder, Current Market Price shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

PA\10467544.6 13
(viii) In case, at any time after the date hereof, of any capital
reorganization, or any reclassification of the capital stock of the corporation (other than a change
in par value or as a result of a stock dividend or subdivision, split-up or combination of shares),
or the consolidation or merger of the corporation with or into another person (other than a
consolidation or merger in which the corporation is the continuing entity and which does not
result in any change in the Common Stock), or of the sale or other disposition of all or
substantially all the properties and assets of the corporation as an entirety to any other person, the
shares of Preferred Stock shall, after such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale or other disposition, be convertible into the kind and number of shares of stock or other
securities or property of the corporation or of the entity resulting from such consolidation or
surviving such merger or to which such properties and assets shall have been sold or otherwise
disposed to which such holder would have been entitled if immediately before such
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition he had converted
his shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock. The provisions of this Section 5(e)(vii) shall
similarly apply to successive reorganizations, reclassifications, consolidations, mergers, sales or
other dispositions.

All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or to
the nearest one hundredth (1/100) ofa share, as the case may be.

(f) Minimal Adjustments. No adjustment in a Conversion Price need be made if
such adjustment would result in a change in a Conversion Price of less than $0.01. Any
adjustment of less than $0.01 that is not made shall be carried forward and shall be made at the
time of and together with any subsequent adjustment that, on a cumulative basis, amounts to an
adjustment of $0.01 or more in a Conversion Price.

(g) No Impairment. The corporation will not, through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the corporation, but will at all times in good
faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 5 and in the taking of all such
action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the holders
of Preferred Stock against impairment. This provision shall not restrict the corporation’s nght to
amend its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the requisite stockholder
consents.

(h) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Rate pursuant to this Section 5, the corporation at its expense
shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and
prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment
or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based. The corporation shall, upon written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock,
furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments
and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Rate at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received
upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock held by such holder.

PA\L0467544.6 14
(1) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the corporation of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, the
corporation shall mail to each holder of Preferred Stock at least 10 days before the date specified
therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of
such dividend or distribution.

(j) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The corporation shall at all

times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock such number
of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of
all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shail not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the corporation will take such corporate action as may, in
the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose, including without
limitation engaging in its best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval for any
necessary amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5 to be given to
the holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States
mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each bolder of record at his address appearing on the
books of the corporation.

6. Preferred Stock Protective Provisions. So long as at least 10,000,000 shares (as
adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations, or like transactions) of Preferred Stock shall
be outstanding, the corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock voting together as a class:

(a) Amendment. Amend or waive any provision of this Certificate of
Incorporation or the corporation’s bylaws;

(b) Licenses. Grant an exclusive license on any of the corporation’s material
technology;

(c) Line of Business. Change the corporation’s principal line of business;

(d) Merger or Consolidation. Approve, constitute or effect a merger,
consolidation, or any other reorganization of the corporation (including a Combination
Transaction as defined in Article FIVE Section 3);

(e) Sale of Assets. Sell, convey, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of, all
or substantially all of the assets, property or business of the corporation;

(f) Dissolution. Dissolve, liquidate or wind up the corporation;

PA\10467544.6 15
(g) Repurchases and Dividends. Repurchase, pay or declare any dividend on, or
make any distribution on, any shares of stock other than: (i) as permitted under Section 12 of
this Article FIVE (it) the repurchase of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock issued to or
held by employees, directors or consultants of or to the corporation upon termination of their
employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of such repurchase
between the corporation and such persons; (iii) the repurchase of shares of Common Stock in
connection with the exercise of the right of first refusal pursuant to agreements providing for the
right of first refusal between the corporation and any of its stockholders if such repurchase is
approved by the majority of the non-employee directors of the corporation;

(h) Convertible Notes and Warrants. Authorize any convertible note or warrant
convertible into or exercisable for any capital stock, having rights or preferences senior to or on
parity with any series of Preferred Stock as to dividend rights, liquidation, or voting preferences;

(i) Debt Securities. Create, or authorize the creation of, or issue, or authorize the
issuance of, or permit any subsidiary to take any such action, any debt security (other than debt
with no equity feature) including, without limitation, any debt security which by its terms is
convertible into or exchangeable for any equity security of the corporation and any security of
the corporation which is a combination of debt and equity unless such debt security has received
the prior approval of the majority of the non-employee directors of the corporation;

(j) Options and Purchase Rights. Increase the number of shares reserved for
issuance under any of the corporation’s stock option plans or stock purchase plans; or

(k) Board of Directors. Increase or decrease the number of members constituting
the entire Board, which shall initially be 7.

7. Series B Shares Protective Provision. So long as at least 1,000,000 shares (as
adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations, or like transactions) of the Series B Shares
shall be outstanding, the corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or
written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least 75% of the outstanding Series B
Shares voting as a class:

(a) Authorized Number. Increase or decrease the aggregate authorized number of
Series B Shares;

(b) No Change. Alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the Series B Shares, including, but not limited to, amending the 75% vote requirement
afforded the holders of Series B Shares in Article FIVE Section 3(e) hereof: or

(c) Disproportionate Treatment. Alter or change the powers, preferences, or
special rights of the Preferred Stock or any series of Preferred Stock by amending this Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation so as to affect the Series B Preferred or Series B-1
Preferred, as the case may be, adversely and disproportionately vis a vis any other series of
Preferred Stock.

8. Series C Preferred Protective Provisions. So long as at least 3,000,000 shares (as
adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations, or like transactions) of Series C Preferred are

PA\10467544.6 16
outstanding, the corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least 56% of the outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred:

(a) Authorized Number. Increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of
Series C Preferred;

(b) No Change. Alter or change the nights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the Series C Preferred, including, but not limited to, amending the 56% vote requirement
afforded the Senes C Preferred in Article FIVE Section 3(e) hereof;

(c) Disproportionate Treatment. Alter or change the powers, preferences, or
special rights of the Preferred Stock or any series of Preferred Stock by amending this Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation so as to affect the Series C Preferred adversely and
disproportionately vis a vis any other series of Preferred Stock; or

(d) Create any New Class or Series. Create (by reclassification or otherwise) any
new Class or series of shares having any rights, preferences, or privileges superior to or on a
parity with the Series C Preferred.

9. Series D Preferred Protective Provisions. So long as at least 3,000,000 shares (as
adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations, or like transactions) of Series D Preferred are
outstanding, the corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least 60% of the outstanding shares of Series D
Preferred:

(a) Authorized Number. Increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of
Series D Preferred;

(b) No Change. Alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the Series D Preferred, including, but not limited to, amending the 60% vote requirement
afforded the Series D Preferred in Article FIVE Section 3(c) hereof;

(c) Disproportionate Treatment. Alter or change the powers, preferences, or
special rights of the Preferred Stock or any series of Preferred Stock by amending this Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation so as to affect the Series D Preferred adversely and
disproportionately vis a vis any other series of Preferred Stock; or

(d) Create any New Class or Series. Create (by reclassification or otherwise) any
new class or series of shares having any rights, preferences, or privileges superior to or on a
parity with the Series D Preferred.

10. Scries E Preferred Protective Provisions. So long as at least 1,000,000 shares (as
adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations, or like transactions) of Series E Preferred are
outstanding, the corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series E Preferred:

PA\10467544.6 17
(a) Authorized Number. Increase or decrease the authorized number of sharcs of
Series E Preferred;

(b) No Change. Alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the Series E Preferred, including, but not limited to, amending the majority vote requirement
afforded the Series E Preferred in Article FIVE Section 3(e) hereof;

(c) Disproportionate Treatment. Alter or change the powers, preferences, or
special rights of the Preferred Stock or any series of Preferred Stock by amending this Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation so as to affect the Series E Preferred adversely and
disproportionately vis a vis any other series of Preferred Stock; or

(d) Create any New Class or Series. Create (by reclassification or otherwise) any
new class or series of shares having any rights, preferences, or privileges superior to or ona
parity with the Series E Preferred.

11. Series F Preferred Protective Provisions. So long as at least 1,000,000 shares (as
adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations, or like transactions) of Series F Preferred are
outstanding, the corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series F Preferred:

(a) Authorized Number. Increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of
Series F Preferred;

(b) No Change. Alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the Series F Preferred, including, but not limited to, amending the majority vote requirement
afforded the Series F Preferred in Article FIVE Section 3(e) hereof; or

(c) Disproportionate Treatment. Alter or change the powers, preferences, or
special rights of the Preferred Stock or any series of Preferred Stock by amending this Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation so as to affect the Series F Preferred adversely and
disproportionately vis a vis any other series of Preferred Stock.

(d) Create any New Class or Series. Create (by reclassification or otherwise) any
new class or series of shares having any rights, preferences, or privileges superior to or on a
parity with the Series F Preferred.

12. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of capital stock not
expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested in the Common Stock.

13. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock acquired by
the corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued,
and all such shares shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated from the shares that the corporation
is authorized to issue.

14, Loans and Redemptions of Shares Pledged as Security for Loans. Notwithstanding

anything in Section 315 and Sections 500, et seq., of the California General Corporations Law,

PA\I0467544.6 18
or any similar provisions of the Delaware General Corporations Law, the corporation may at any
time and from time to time make loans to officers, directors and stockholders of the corporation
which are secured by shares of capital stock of the corporation, and may pursuant to the terms of
such loans foreclose on such loans by redeeming such pledged shares of capital stock at the then
existing fair market value of such pledged shares, provided that the Board of Directors has
unanimously approved the making of the loans and the foreclosure action.

SIX The following is applicable to the Common Stock:

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock at the
time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, as, when and if declared by the Board, out of any assets of the corporation
legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
corporation, the assets of the corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section 3 of
Article FIVE hereof.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. Each share of Common Stock shall have the right to one vote, and the
holder thereof shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the
Bylaws of the corporation and as provided by law, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

SEVEN The corporation is to have perpetual existence.

EIGHT In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the
Board is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation
consistent with the provisions and consent requirements contained herein.

NINE. The election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the
corporation shall so provide.

TEN To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as the
same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the corporation shall not be personally
liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director. The corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he or she, his or her testator or intestate
is or was a director or officer of the corporation or any predecessor of the corporation, or serves
or served at any other enterprise as a director or officer at the request of the corporation or any
predecessor to the corporation. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the
adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent
with this Article, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article in respect of any matter
occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article, would accrue or arise,
before such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

PA\10467544.6 19
ELEVEN The corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any
provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner
now or hereafter prescribed by statute, provided that no provision of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation which establishes a percentage of shares of any class or series
required to take any action shall be amended, altered, changed, repealed, or rescinded in any
respect that would have the effect of changing such percentage, unless such amendment is
approved by a written consent or vote of holders of such series or class constituting not less than
the number required by the voting requirement sought to be reduced, and all rights conferred
upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

D. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Certificate of Incorporation has

been duly approved by the Board in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of
the General Corporations Law.

eK KK *

PA\10467544.6 20
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the corporation has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its Chief Executive Officer this 8th day of
September, 2006.

/s/ Mark Friedman
Mark Friedman, Chief Executive Officer
