(Department of Corporations Use Only) FR > C E { VE
, LU)

Fee Paid $. DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATIONS

FILE NO.

Receipt No. D
Initial Review partment of Corporations

. Los Angeles (Insert file number of previous filings of
Deficiency Letters Applicant before the Department, if any)

Effective Date.

Orders Issued.

Date of Application:_#ebraarc8:March.30), 2010

DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATIONS
STATE OF CALIFORNIA

FACING PAGE

Application for qualification of the offer and sale of securities, under the Corporate Securities Law of 1968, by (check one)

_ Coordination, Section 25111 ——.X_ Post-liffective Amendment

_ Notification, Section 25112 Number_.

a Permit, Section 25113(b)(1) To Application

_ Permit, (Small Company), Section 25113(b)(2) Filed Under

_. = Permit, Section 25121 Section 25121 —
_ Negotiating Permit, Section 25102(c} __ Pre-Effective Dated __ 2/8/2010 _ .

lication is for an open or X_ limited offering qualification as defined in Section 260.001 of the rules (check as applicable).

1, Name of applicant; Accumetrics, Inc.

. (a) Is appticant a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity? Corporation
(b) State of i incorporation or jurisdiction under which organized? Delaware
(c) If a corporation, is applicant in good standing in the State of its incorporation? (indicate “yes” or“‘no”) Yes 0
d)-1s applicant a registered investment company? (Indicate “

. (a) Address of principal executive office of applicant. :
Number and Street Zip Code

~ 3985 Sorrento Valtey Blvd. San Diego California 92121 * .
(b) Is the principal location of applicant’s books and records at the address of the principal executive office, above? (Indicate.“*yes” or “no”). If “no

provide address: Yes . .
Number and Street City State . Zip Code

4. Name and address of person to whom correspéndence tegarding this application should be addressed.
Kirk Tyree, Cooley Godward Kronish LLP, 4401: Eastgate Mall, San Diego, CA 92121

: . (a) ‘ (b) ' (c) {d) . e) 1
_- Description of Securities (See Total number of’ shares  *. Proposed Proposed maximum Does a public market exist for this
Instructions on reverse side) ° or units of each cluss of maximum aggregate offering price for class of securities? (indicate “yes”
: securities. being offering price securities being qualified in or “no” If “yes” insert CUSIP
qualified in Califomia per unit (e.g., California (e.g., number) .
(e.g., “20,000") “$10") *$200,000") Note: Fee
. calculated on total of this
column.

See Attached.

6. Consideration 10 be paid for securities: if cash, state “cash”, or if other than cash and the aggregate vatue is ascribed thereto by the board of directors of the issuer so
" state (¢.g., “Real Property, $100,000,” “Assets of a going business, $50,000"), Applicant's securities to be quatifled hereunder are te be issued in connection

with a merger in which Applicant, a Delaware corporation, will be the surviving entity. -

7, There is no adverse order, judgment or decree entered in connection with the offering by any.State regulatory authority, any court or the Securities md Exchange

Commission, except as follows: (if none, so state) None.

686938000014 V32/SD

ITEM 5. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES.

(a)

Description of Securities
Common Stock

Series A-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock and Common
Stock issuable upon
conversion thereof.

Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes”

Series C-! Convertible
Preferred Stock and Common
Stock issuable upon
conversion thereof

Series D-1 Convertible

Preferred Stock and Common

Stock issuable upon
‘conversion thereof

Series D-2 Convertible
Preferred Stock and Common
Stock issuable upon
conversion thereof

Options outstanding to
purchase Common Stock and
Common Stock issuable upon
exercise thereof

Outstanding Common Stock
Warrants and Common Stock
issuable upon exercise thereof

QOuistanding Preferred Stock
- Warrants and Preferred Stock

| thereat?
4

Total:

Q66014 v82/SD

{b)

Total number of
shares or units of
each class
of securities being
qualified in
California

EB

156,99]

N/A

2,285,715

11,986,272

3,999,820

135,715

(c)

Proposed
maximum

offering price

per unit (He)

$0.04

$1.00

N/A

$1.75
$1.80

$0.90

$0-050,04

$1.32

(d)
Proposed
maximum

aggregate offering
price for securities
being qualified

in California

234,32

$456-990-00156,
99 | 00

$4,000,001 .25

$21,575,289.60

$3,599,838.00

$425-457.-40369,

$448,754425179,
143,80

$2,562,328.72 ©

$47.836.250-544
3,512, 141,23

(e)

Does a
public
market exist
for this class
of securities?

No

No

(1) Estimated solely for calculation of filing fee.

(2) For Common Stock and Preferred Stock, based on the higher of Accumetrics California’s Board of
Directors’ most recent good faith determination of the fair market value of such Common Stock and
Preferred Stock, or most recent issuance price of such Common Stock and Preferred Stock. For
options and warrants, based on the weighted average exercise price for all outstanding options and
warrants, respectively.

(3) The Company issued Secured Convertible Promissory Notes_(ihe “Nefes"') to certain Investors
pursuant to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase and Stock Exchange Agreement dated
September 30, 2009 by and among Accumetrics California, the Investors (as defined therein) and
the Shareholders (as defined therein) (the “Note and Warrant Purchase and Stock Exchange
Agreement”). Each Secured Convertible Promissory Note is convertible into: (a) new shares of
Accumetrics California’s Preferred Stock upon Accumetrics California’s sale of Preferred Stock in
a private placement transaction or (b) into Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and warrants to
purchase shares of Accumetrics California’s Common Stock upon a firm commitment underwritten
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. The type of equity into which the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes may convert
cannot be determined at this time.

(4) Total aggregate principal amount of Secured Convertible Promissory Notes purchased to_date
pursuant to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase and Stock Exchange Agreement.

In-connection_ with the issuance of the Notes to certain Investors_pursuant.to.the Note_and_ Warrant
Purchase and Stock Exchange Agreement, the Company_also issued_warrants (ihe “Warrauts””) to
gach Investor, The total Warrant Amount (as defined inthe Warrants) is equal to 25% of the
puincipal_amount_of the corresponding Note_issued_to_an_Investor. The aggregate_total_ Warrant

Amount issuecto all Investors is equalio $2,562,328.72. The Warrants are convertible into (a) new
shares of Accumetrics Californ obs Deeferned Stock unon Accumaities California's sals.ol Ereleatea

Stock. in.a private placement transaction or.(b) prior.to.any conversion of the Note, or. in the event

Fe NIC rote ener nee porate “Cransaction (as_¢ ined inthe Note) or
ualified IPO (as detined inthe Note), Series D-] Convertible Preferred Stock, The type
imo_which the Warrants_may_convert_cannol be. determined_at.this time. The Exercise Price ofthe

Warrants is $0.01 per shire,

ITEM 8: DESCRIPTION OF PLAN

(a) Materia! Features of the Plan. Accumetrics, Inc., a California corporation
(“Accumetrics California”), and Accumetrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Accumetrics
Delaware”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accumetrics California, shall enter into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) pursuant to which Accumetrics
California shall be merged with and into Accumetrics Delaware (the “Merger”) with Accumetrics

666014 vS2/SD

Delaware being the surviving corporation. The Merger Agreement is attached as Exhibit B to this
Application.

(b) Conversion of the Accumetrics California Shares. On the date the Merger
becomes effective, as defined in Section I.A. of the Merger Agreement (the “Effective Time”), (1)
each outstanding share of the Common Stock of Accumetrics California shall be converted into
one fully paid and nonassessable share of the Common Stock of Accumetrics Delaware, $0.001
par value, (ii) each outstanding share of the Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics
California shall be converted into one fully paid and nonassessable share of the Series A-1
Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics Delaware, $0.001 par value, (iii) each outstanding
share of the Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics California shall be converted
into one fully paid and nonassessable share of the Series C-] Convertible Preferred Stock of
Accumetrics Delaware, $0.00] par value, (iv) each outstanding share of the Series D-]
Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics California shall be converted into one fully paid and
nonassessable share of the Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics Delaware,
$0.001 par value, and (v) each outstanding share of the Series D-2 Convertible Preferred Stock of
Accumetrics California shall be converted into one fully paid and nonassessable share of the Series
D-2 Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics Delaware, $0.001 par value.

Accumetrics Delaware will assume and continue all of Accumetrics California’s employee
benefit plans in existence at the Effective Time. All outstanding and unexercised warrants to
acquire Accumetrics California’s Common Stock or Preferred Stock shall become warrants to

as_applicable. All outstanding and unexercised options to acquire Accumetrics California’s
Common Stock shall become options to acquire the same number of shares of Accumetrics
Delaware’s Common Stock. All outstanding Secured Convertible Promissory Notes which may
convert into Accumetrics California’s Preferred Stock and/or Common Stock Warrants to acquire
Accumetrics California’s Common Stock shall become Secured Convertible Promissory Notes
which may convert into the same number of shares of Accumetrics Delaware’s Preferred Stock
and/or the same number of Common Stock Warrants to acquire Accumetrics Delaware’s Common
Stock.

Upon consummation of the Merger, Accumetrics California shall be merged into
Accumetrics Delaware and the separate corporate existence of Accumetrics California shall
thereupon cease. Accumetrics Delaware shall be the surviving corporation in the Merger and the
separate corporate identity, existence, purposes, powers, rights and immunities of Accumetrics
Delaware as the surviving corporation shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the Merger.
Accumetrics Delaware shall succeed to all of the properties and obligations of Accumetrics
California.

(c) Reasons for the Merger. The sole reason for the Merger is to enable Accumetrics
California. to change its domicile to the State of Delaware. The Information Statement
- substantially in the form attached as Exhibit F-1 (the “Information Statement”) describes in detail
the reasons for the change in domicile.

(d) General Effect upon the Rights of Existing Security Holders. As described in
the Information Statement, the Merger will affect the rights, preferences and privileges of existing

B5E9S6
666014 vS2/SD

shareholders of Accumetrics California. Specifically, in connection with the Merger, advance
notice provisions will be applicable for stockholder nominations and bringing business before an
annual meeting. In addition, by means of the Merger, and subject to the requirements of Section
2115 of the California Corporations Code, the rights of the existing shareholders of Accumetrics
California will become subject to the Delaware General Corporation Law. The effects of each of
these changes on the rights of existing security holders are described more fully in the Information
Statement.

(e) Security Holders.

Accumetrics California. As of the date of this Application, there were
approximately 74 Accumetrics California shareholders of record.

Accumetrics Delaware. Accumetrics California is the only stockholder of
Accumetrics Delaware; Accumetrics Delaware is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accumetrics
California.

Vote Needed for Approval. The Merger requires the approval of the Boards of
Directors of Accumetrics California and Accumetrics Delaware. The Merger must be approved by
the holders of (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Accumetrics California’s Common Stock,
voting as a single class, (ii) a majority of the outstanding shares of Accumetrics California’s
Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, (iii) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Accumetrics
California’s Series B-! Convertible Preferred Stock, Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and
Series D-| Convertible Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis, and (iv) at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares of Accumetrics
California’s Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, voting as a single class. Accumetrics
California intends to request approval of the Merger by written consent of shareholders solicited
pursuant to the Information Statement. Accumetrics California, as the sole stockholder of
Accumetrics Delaware, will vote all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of Accumetrics
Delaware in favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger,

Proposed Date for the Mailing of Shareholder Consents and Information Statement.
Accumetrics California expects to mail the Action by Written Consent of Shareholders and the

Information Statement, substantially in the forms attached hereto as Exhibit F-2 and Exhibit F-1,
respectively, to its shareholders immediately after recciving approval from the California
Department of Corporations.

666014 vS2/SD

(Department of Corporations Use Only)

DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATIONS

tenho RECEIVED “e

Receipt No,
Initiat Review “

, APR of 2010 (Insert file number of previous filings of
Deficiency Letters Applicant before the Department, if any)
— Department of Corporations
Effective Date Los Angeies FEE: $50,00

Orders Issued

Date of Application:_Mareh 30, 2010

DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATIONS
STATE OF CALIFORNIA

FACING PAGE

Application for qualification of the offer and sale of securities, under the Corporate Securities Law of 1968, by (check one)

__ Coordination, Section 2511] _X. Post-Effective Amendment

_ Notification, Section 25112 Number_]

__ Permit, Section 25113(b}(1) ‘To Application

_ Permit, (Small Company), Section 25113(b)(2) Filed Under
Permit, Section 25121 Section__25121
Negotiating Permit, Section 25102(c) __ Pre-Effective Dated __2/8/2010

lication is for an open or _X_ limited offering qualification as defined in Section 260,001 of the rules (check as applicable).

1. Name of applicant: Accumetrics, Inc.

2. {a} Is applicant a corporation, partnership; trust or other entity? Corporation

_ (b) State of i incorporation or jurisdiction under which organized?. Del:

icoeiewelar ee ca" ar 9 a
© Ifa corporation, is applicant in good standing in the State of its incorporation? {Indicate “yes” or “no”) Yes

d) Is applicant a régistered investment company? (Indicate “

3. (a) Address of principal executive office of applicant. ‘
Number and Street i State Zip Code
3985 Sorrento Valley Blvd. San Diego : California 92121
(b) Is the principat location of applicant's books and records at the address: of the ‘principal executive office, above? (Indicate “yes” or “no”), If“no”,

provide address:. Yes : : .
Number and Street - : _ City, ; State . Zip Code

4, Name and address of person to whom correspondence regarding this application should be addressed.
Kirk Tyree, Cooley Godward Kronish LLP, 4401 Eastgate Mall, San Diego, CA 92121

(a) {b) (c) (d) : © (e)
_ Description of Securities (See Total number of shares Proposed Proposed maximum Does a public market exist for this
Instructions on reverse side) or units of each class maximum aggregate offering price for _ class of securities? (indicaté “yes”
of securities being offering price +“) securities being qualified in or “no” If “yes” insert CUSIP

qualified in Califomia : — perunit(eg., + California (e.g., . > number}
(e.g., “20,000") “$10") $200,000") Note: Fee .
‘ calculated on totat of this
column,

See Attached.

6, Consideration to be paid for securities: if cash, state “cash”, or if other than cash and the aggregate value is ascribed thereto by the board of directors of the issuer
so state: (e.g., “Real Property, $100,000," “Assets of a going business, $50,000"). Applicant's securities to be qualified hereunder are to be issued in
connection with a merger in which Applicant, a Delaware corporation, will be the surviving entity.

7, There is no adverse order, judgment or decree entered in connection with the offering by any State regulatory authority, any court or the Securities and Exchange
Commission, except as follows: (if none, so state} None.

666014 v2/SD

%

ITEM S$. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES.

(a)

Description of Securities

Common Stock

Series A-] Convertible
Preferred Stock and Common
Stock issuable upon
conversion thereof

Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes”

Series C-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock and Common
Stock issuable upon
conversion thereof

Series D-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock and Common
Stock issuable upon
conversion thereof

Series D-2 Convertible
Preferred Stock and Common
Stock issuable upon
conversion thereof

Options outstanding to
purchase Common Stock and
Common Stock issuable upon
exercise thereof

Outstanding Common Stock
Warrants and Common Stock
issuable upon exercise thereof

Outstanding Preferred Stock
Warrants and Preferred Stock
issuable upon exercise
thereof”

Total:

666014 y2/SD

(b) (c) (d)
Total number of Proposed
shares or units of maximum
each class Proposed aggregate offering
of securities being maximum price for securities
qualified in offering price being qualified
California per unit (V2) in California °
20,480,858 $0.04 $819,234.32
156,991 $1.00 $156,991.00
N/A N/A $10,249,3 14.86
2,285,715 $1.75 $4,000,001.25
11,986,272 $1.80 $21,575,289.60
3,999,820 $0.90 $3 ,599,838.00
9,249,992 $0.04 $369,999.68 -
135,715 $1.32 $179,143.80
N/A N/A $2,562,328.72
48,295,363 $43,512,141,.23

(c)

Does a
public
market exist
for this class
of securities?

No
No

No

No

No

No

No

qd) Estimated solely for calculation of filing fee.

(2) For Common Stock and Preferred Stock, based on the higher of Accumetrics California’s Board of
Directors’ most recent good faith determination of the fair market value of such Common Stock
and Preferred Stock, or most recent issuance price of such Common Stock and Preferred Stock.
For options and warrants, based on the weighted average exercise price for all outstanding options
and warrants, respectively.

(3) The Company issued Secured Convertible Promissory Notes (the “Netes”) to certain Investors
pursuant to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase and Stock Exchange Agreement dated
September 30, 2009 by and among Accumetrics California, the Investors (as defined therein) and
the Shareholders (as defined therein) (the “Note and Warrant Purchase and Stock Exchange
Agreement”). Each Secured Convertible Promissory Note is convertible into: (a) new shares of
Accumetrics California’s Preferred Stock updn Accumetrics California’s sale of Preferred Stock in
a private placement transaction or (b) into Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and warrants to

. purchase shares of Accumetrics California's Common Stock upon a firm commitment
underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under. the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. The type of equity into which the Secured Convertible Promissory
Notes may convert cannot be determined at this time.

(4) Total aggregate principal amount of Secured Convertible Promissory Notes purchased to date
pursuant to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase and Stock Exchange Agreement.

(5) In connection with the issuance of the Notes to certain Investors pursuant to the Note and Warrant
Purchase and Stock Exchange Agreement, the Company also issued warrants (the “Warrants”) to
each Investor. The total Warrant Amount (as defined in the Warrants) is equal to 25% of the
principal amount of the corresponding Note issued to an Investor. The aggregate total Warrant
Amount issued to all Investors is equal to $2,562,328.72. The Warrants are convertible into (a)

* new shares of Accumetrics California’s Preferred Stock upon Accumetrics Califomia’s sale of
Preferred Stock in a private placement transaction or (b} prior to any conversion of the Note, or in
the event the Note is repaid or converted pursuant to a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the
Note) or Qualified IPO (as defined in the Note), Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. The type
of equity into which the Warrants may convert cannot be determined at this time. The Exercise
Price of the Warrants is $0.01 per share.

This Post-Effective Amendment No. | to the Application for Qualification of Securities
Pursuant to Section 25121 of the California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended, filed
February 8, 2010, is being filed by Accumetrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Applicant”)
in order to amend Item 5 and the items identified below as the result of clerical error.

The Applicant incorporates by reference Items 9 through 17 of the Application for
Qualification of Securities Pursuant to Section 25121, filed by the Applicant on February 8,
2010.

ITEM 8: DESCRIPTION OF PLAN

(a) Material Features of the Plan. Accumetrics, Inc., a California corporation
(“Accumetrics California”), and Accumetrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Accumetrics
Delaware”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accumetrics California, shall enter into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) pursuant to which Accumetrics
California shall be merged with and into Accumetrics Delaware (the “Merger”) with
Accumetrics Delaware being the surviving corporation. The Merger Agreement is attached as
Exhibit B to this Application.

666014 y2/SD

\

(b) Conversion of the Accumetrics California Shares. On the date the Merger
becomes effective, as defined in Section I.A. of the Merger Agreement (the “Effective Time”),
(i) each outstanding share of the Common Stock of Accumetrics California shall be converted
into one fully paid and nonassessable share of the Common Stock of Accumetrics Delaware,
$0.001 par value, (ii) each outstanding share of the Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock of
Accumetrics California shall be converted into one fully paid and nonassessable share of the
Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics Delaware, $0.001 par value, (iii) each
outstanding share of the Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics California shall
be converted into one fully paid and nonassessable share of the Series C-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock of Accumetrics Delaware, $0,001 par value, (iv) each outstanding share of the Series D-1
Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics California shall be converted into one fully paid and
nonassessable share of the Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics Delaware,
$0.001 par value, and (v) each outstanding share of the Series D-2 Convertible Preferred Stock
of Accumetrics California shall be converted into one fully paid and nonassessable share of the
Series D-2 Convertible Preferred Stock of Accumetrics Delaware, $0.00! par value.

Accumetrics Delaware will assume and continue all of Accumetrics California’s
employee benefit plans in existence at the Effective Time. All outstanding and unexercised
warrants to acquire Accumetrics California’s Common Stock or Preferred Stock shall become
warrants to acquire the same number of shares of Accumetrics Delaware’s Common Stock or
Preferred Stock, as applicable. All outstanding and unexercised options to acquire Accumetrics
California’s Common Stock shall become options to acquire the same number of shares of —
Accumetrics Delaware’s Common Stock. All outstanding Secured Convertible Promissory
Notes which may convert into Accumetrics California’s Preferred Stock and/or Common Stock
Warrants to acquire Accumetrics California’s Common Stock shall become Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes which may convert into the same number of shares of Accumetrics Delaware’s
Preferred Stock and/or the same number of Common Stock Warrants to acquire Accumetrics
Delaware’s Common Stock.

Upon consummation of the Merger, Accumetrics California shall be merged into
Accumetrics Delaware and the separate corporate existence of Accumetrics California shall
thereupon cease. Accumetrics Delaware shall be the surviving corporation in the Merger and the
separate corporate identity, existence, purposes, powers, rights and immunities of Accumetrics
Delaware as the surviving corporation shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the Merger.
Accumetrics Delaware shall succeed to all of the properties and obligations of Accumetrics
California.

(c) Reasons for the Merger. The sole reason for the Merger is to enable
Accumetrics California to change its domicile to the State of Delaware. The Information
Statement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit F-] (the “Information Statement”)
describes in detail the reasons for the change in domicile.

(d) General Effect upon the Rights of Existing Security Holders. As described in
the Information Statement, the Merger will affect the rights, preferences and privileges of
existing shareholders of Accumetrics California. Specifically, in connection with the Merger,
advance notice provisions will be applicable for stockholder nominations and bringing business
before an annual meeting. In addition, by means of the Merger, and subject to the requirements

666014 v2/SD

of Section 2115 of the California Corporations Code, the rights of the existing shareholders of
Accumetrics California will become subject to the Delaware General Corporation Law. The
effects of each of these changes on the rights of existing security holders are described more
fully in the Information Statement.

(e) Security Holders.

Accumetrics California. As of the date of this Application, there were
approximately 74 Accumetrics California shareholders of record.

Accumetrics Delaware. Accumetrics California is the only stockholder of
Accumetrics Delaware; Accumetrics Delaware is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accumetrics
California.

Vote Needed for Approval. The Merger requires the approval of the Boards of
Directors of Accumetrics California and Accumetrics Delaware. The Merger must be approved
»by the holders of (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Accumetrics California’s Common
Stock, voting as a single class, (ii)a majority of the outstanding shares of Accumetrics
California’s Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, (iii) at least 50% of the outstanding shares
of Accumetrics California’s Series B-] Convertible Preferred Stock, Series C-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on
an as-converted to Common Stock basis, and (iv) at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares of
Accumetrics California’s Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, voting as a single class.
Accumetrics California intends to request approval of the Merger by written consent of
shareholders solicited pursuant to the Information Statement. Accumetrics California, as the sole
stockholder of Accumetrics Delaware, will vote all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
of Accumetrics Delaware in favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger.

Proposed Date for the Mailing of Shareholder Consents and Information

Statement. Accumetrics California expects to mail the Action by Written Consent of
Shareholders and the Information Statement, substantially in the forms attached hereto as Exhibit
F-2 and Exhibit F-1, respectively, to its shareholders immediately after receiving approval from
the California Department of Corporations.

666014 v2/SD

sO RECEIVED
, APR 1 21

. Depan,
Tent Of Corporat;
s Angéles {Ons -

The applicant has duly caused this application to be signed on its behalf by the

undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Executed at San Diego, California, on March. 30, 2010,

ACCUMETRICS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

By:
Timothy J. Still

President and Chief Executive Officer ©

I certify (or declare) under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that I have read this application and the exhibits thereto and know the contents
thereof, and that the statements therein are true and correct.

Executed at San Diego, California, on Morn ze, 2010.

President and Chief Executive Officer

