A0618437
2b 3204 FILED

i the office of the Secretary of Sta.-.

Palticens
FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED of the State of California

ARTICLFS OF INCORPORATION z: 19 onset

OF

ante SHELLEY, tn Fal, of St-'
ACROMETRIX

The undersigned, Michael J. Eck and Nancy A. Eck, hereby certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
AcroMetrix, a California corporation.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to
read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is AcroMetrix (the “Corporation’”).
ARTICLE II

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be crganized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 22,727,272 shares. 20,000,000 shares shall be
Common Stock and 2,727,272 shares shal: be Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preterences a f Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by these First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the “Restated
Articles”) may be issued from time te time i in one or more series. The first series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A preferred Stock” and shall consist of 2,727,272 shares. The
rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series A Preferred
Stock are as set forth below in this Article III(B).

I. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or
other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stcck of the Corporation, provided that an adjustment to
the respective Conversion Price (as defined below) of such other securities or rights has been

0120677 16
made in accordance with Section 4(d)(ii) below) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the
rate of $0.08 per share (as adjusted for siock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like)
per annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, payable quarterly when, as and
if declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”). Such
dividends shall not be cumulative. After payment of such dividends, any additional dividends
shall be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata
based on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each ho!er (assuming c3nversion
of all such Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

2. Liquidation.

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporatio to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount
per share equal to (i) $1.10 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifizations or the like) (the “Original Purchase Price’’) plus (ii) an amount equal to 8% of
the Original Purchase Price per share per year, compounded annually from the Purchase Date for
such series (as defined below) from the Purchase Date for such series (as defined below), for
each hare of Series A Preferred Stcck then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends
(the aggregate of the amounts described in this sentence, per each share, shall be referred to
herein as the “Liquidation Preference Amount Per Share”). If, upon the occurrence of such
event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be insufficient to permit the yavment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential
amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution
shall be distributed ratably among the halders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(a) above, if assets remain in the Corporation, the holders of the Common
Stock of the Corporation shall! receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation on a pro rata
basis.

(c) Ceriain Acquisitions.

(1) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation, dissclution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if the
Corporation shall (A) sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or subs‘antially all of its property
or business, (B) merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limiied liability
company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) such that the
shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such consolidation or merger ow. less than
50% of the Corporation’s voting power immediately following such consolidation or merger, (C)
any transaction or series of related transactions occurring in a 12-month period in which in
excess of 50% of the Corporation’s voting power is transferred; or (D) any other liquidation ,
distribution, or winding up of the Corporation or its assets (any such transaction, a “Liquidation
Transaction”), provided that a bona fide equity financing in which the Corporation is the

0120677.16 2-
surviving corporation and in which no new investor (or group of related investors) owns in
excess of 50% of the voting power of the Corporation shall not be considered a Liquidation
Transaction.

(it) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a Liquidation
Transaction, if the consideration received by the Corporation is other than cash, its value will he
deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(A) — Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (‘“"asdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board
of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq
over a specified time period;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid
or sales prices (whichever is applicable) for such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discoun. from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(¢)(11)(A)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(iii) Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock written notice of any impending

Liquidation Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to
approve such Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation
Transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final
approval of such Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material
terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this
Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material
changes. Unless such notice requirements are waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall not take
place sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or
sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given notice of any material changes *rovided for
herein. Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Restated Articles, all notice periods or
requirements in these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived, either before or after the
action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the
veh power of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice
rights.

0120677.16 -3-
(iv)  Fffect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing
of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liqu‘dation Transaction, in which event the cights. preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the
same as such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing inimediately prior to the date
of the first notice refe-red to in Section 2(c)(ili).

3, Redemption.

(a) Redemption Date and Price. At any time after 5 years following
the Purchase Date (as defined below), but on a date (the “Redemption Date”) within 180 days
after receipt by the Corporation of a written request (a “Redemption Election”) from the holders
of not less than a majority of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock that at least 1,363,636
of the shares (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) (or such
lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock as is tuen outstanding) of such series be redeemed. the
Corporation shall, to the extent it may lawfully do so, redeem up to that number of shares
specified in the Redemption Election in accordance wiih the proceduwes set forth in this Section 3
by paying in cash therefor a sum per shar equa! to the Liquidation Preference Amount Per Share
of Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the
like) plus all declarcd or accumulated but unpaid dividends on such shares (the “Redemption
Price”). Any redemption effected pursuant to this Sectio: 3(a) shall be made availat!e on a pro
rata basis ameng all cf the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock based on the number of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holders.

(b) Procedure. Within 30 days following its receipt of a Redemption
Election, the Corporation shall mail a ‘vritten notice, first class postage prepaid, to each holder of
record (at the close of business on tiie business day next preceding the day on which notice is
given) of the Series A Freferred Stock at the address last shown on the records of the Cc.poration
for such holder, notifying such holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying the number of
shares to be redeemed from such holder, the Redemption Date, the applicable Redemption Price,
the place at which payment may be obtained anc calling upon such holder to surrender to the
Corporation, in the manner and at the p!ace designated, such holder’s certificate »r certificates
representing the shares to be redeemed (the “Redemption Notice’). The holder of any shares of
Series A Preferred Stock may exercise such holders’ redemption rights as to such shares (and not
any part thereof), subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3(c) hereof, by delivering to the
Corporation during regular business hours, at the office of any transfer agent of the Corporation
for the Preferred Stock or at such other place as may designated by the Corporation in the
Redemption Notice, at any time within 45 days following the date of receipt of such Redemption
Notice by the holder, a written notice (each a “Holder’s Notice”) stating that such holder elects to
have redeemed all of the shares of Preferred Stock held by the holder which are eligible for
redemption in accordance with the Redemption Notice. On or after the Redemption Date, each
holder of Series A Preferred Stock that has elected to have shares of Preferred Stock redeemed
shall surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing such shares, in the
manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption
Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such

0120677.16 -4-
certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be cancelied.
After receipt of the surrendered certificate or certificates, and no more than 10 days follewing the
later of the Redemption Date and the date of such receipt (such date, the “Ist Payment
Deadline’), the Corporation shall issue and deliver to or upen the written order of such holder, ai
such office or other place designated by the holder: (A) a check for cash with respect to half of
the shares so redeemed and (B) in the event less than all the shares represented by eny such
certificate are redeemed, a new certificate representing the unredeemed shares. Withir 180 days
following the Ist Payment Deadiline, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to or upon the
written order of such hoider, at such office or other place designated by the holder a check for
cash with respect to the remaining half of the shares sc redeemed.

(c) Effect of Redemption; Insufficient Funds. From and after the
Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price, all

rights of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock designated for redemption in Holders’
Notices (excep! the right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their
share certificate or certificates) shail cease with respect to such shares, and such shares shall not
‘hereafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for any
purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of shares cf
Series A Preferred Stock on the Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem the total number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds which are legally
available will be used to rede2m the maximuin possible number of such shares ratably among the
holders of such shares to be redeemed based upon the total Redeniption Price applicable the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock for which each holder has requested redemption on such date
pursuant to a Holder’s Notice. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain
outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time thereafter
when additional funds of the Corporation are legally available for the redemption of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, such funds will immediately be used to redeem the balance of the
shares which the Corporation has become obliged to redeem and pav the Redemption Price
therefore on the Redemption Date but which it has not redeemed.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date
of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock,
into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is deterrnined by
dividing $1.10 by the Conversion Price applicable to such share, determined as hereafter
provided, in effeci on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial
Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be $1.10. Such initial Conversion
Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
shal} automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the
time in effect for such share immediately upon the eatlier of (i) except as provided below in
Section 4(c), the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment undervritten

0120677.16 -5-
public offering pursuant to a reyistration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act’), the public offering price of which is not less tnan $6.60 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reciassifications or the like) and which results in a total
offering price of net less than $25 million (calculated before deducting underwriting discounts,
commissions and expenses) or (ii) the date specified by written consent or agreement of the
holders ofa majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cuuvert such Series A Preferred Stock into sliares of Common
Stock, the holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the
office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall
give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert
the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deenied to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares
of such series of Preferred Stock to be converied, and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in
connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant :o the Securities
Aci the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred Steck for
conversion, te conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock
until imtnediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(1) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price. If
the Corporation should issue, at any time after the date upon which any shares of Series A
Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date” with respect to such series), any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less
than the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such
Additional Stock, the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to each such
issuance shall automatically be adjusted as set forth in this Section 4(d)(i), unless otherwise
provided in this Section 4(d)i).

(A) Adjustment Formula, Whenever the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new Conversion Price shall be determined
by muitiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the
“Qutstanding Cominon”’) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate

0120677.16 ~6-
consideration received by the Corperation for such issuance of Additional Stock would purchase
at such Conversion Price; ard (y) the denominatcr of which shall be the number of shares of
Outsiancing Common plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the
foregoing calculation, the term ‘Outstanding Common” shalt include shares of Common Stock
deemed issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E) below.

(B) Definition or “Additional Stock”. For purpuses
of this Section 4(d)(i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase
Date) other than

(1) Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ii) hereof;

(2) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation directiy or pursuant to a stock option
plan or restricted stock plan approved by the board of Directors of the Corporation;

(3) | Capita! stock, or cptions or warrants to
purchase capital stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions or similar
transactions;

(4) Shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock
issuable upon exercise of warrants outstanding as of the date of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation;

(5) Capital stock, or warrants or options to
purchase capita! stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar
transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(6) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock;

(7) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
in a public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock will be converted to Common Stock;

(8) Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity
as a component of any business reiationship wiih such entity for the purpose of (A) joint venture,
technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply or manufacture of the
Corporation’s products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving corporate partners
that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business relationship
with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors; and

0120677.16 -7-
(9) Shares of Common Stock issued cr issuable
wiih the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.
voting together as a class.

(C) NoFractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent
per share, provided that any adjustmenis whicli are not required to be made by reason of this
sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment
being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of ihree years from the date of the event giving
rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of
the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in conneciion
with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whcle or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case
of the issuance (whether before, on or after the applicable Purchase Date) of securities or rights
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”), the following provisions shall apply for
all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or
sucn Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration,
if any, received by the Corporation for any sch securities and related Common Stock
Exuivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conv2rsion, exchange or exercise
of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in section 4(d){i)(D).

(2) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents, other than a change
resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock Equivalents,

0120677.16 -8-
shall be recoinputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual!
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange
or exercise of sich Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) | Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shal] be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) | The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)(1) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either Section 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)(i)(E)(3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except te the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(d)(1)(E)(2) and 4(d)(1)(E)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
“(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(11) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased
so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such
series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common
Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents with the
number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from time to
time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

0120677.16 9.
(e) Other Distributions. In the event the “orporaon shail declare u
distribution payable in securitie. of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons. assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d)(i) or 4(d)(11), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such
distribution as though thy were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed
for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such
uistribution.

(f Recapicalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or
sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall
be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive
upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or cther securities or
property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the
rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shali be applicable after
that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporaiion will not, through any
reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performence of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out ofall the provisions of this Section 4 and
in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to p-otect the
Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(1) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of Series A Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the Corporation will
pay cash in an amount equal to the fair value of such fractional shares, based on the fair market
value of the shares of Common Stock, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, as
of the time when those who would otherwise be entitled to receive such fractional shares is
determined. The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the
basis of the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the holder is at the time
conv<tling into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
aggregate conversion.

(11) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of

the Conversion Price of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at
its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the

0120677.16 -10-
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting
forth such adjustinent or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time
of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, fumish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for the
Series A Preferre.! Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of a share of the Series A Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shal! mail
to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a
notice specifying the date on which any such record is to b: taken for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or

right.

(Qj) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares

of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversicn of the shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock; and
if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock,
in addition to such other remedies as sha!l be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take such corporat: aciion as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized bui unissuea shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain
the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these Restated Articles.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited
in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation.

5. Voting Rights. Except as expressly provided by these Restated Anicles
or as provided by law, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the same voting nghts
as the holders of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders' meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock and the Series
A Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters. Each holder of Common
Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held, and each holder of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such shares of Senes A Preferred Stock could be converted.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an

0120677.16 -Il-
as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A Preferred Stock
held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-
half being rounded upward).

6. Election of Board of Directors. For so long as at least 500,000 shares of
Preferred Stock remain outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications
or the like), (1) the holders of Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect
2 members of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Preferred Directors”) at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Company’s sharehotders fer the election of directors. and to
remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or
removal f such director; (ii) the holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect 2 members of the Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent
of the Company’s shareholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such
directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors;
and (iii) the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a class, shall be
entitled to elect all remaining members of the Board of Directors.

7. Protective Provisions. So long as at least 500,000 shares of Preferred
Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like),
the Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first
obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(a) effect a Liquidation Transaction;

(b) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock;

(c) increase or decrease (other than by conversion or in accordance
with the redemption provisions of these Restated Articles) the total number of authorized share’
of Series A Preferred Stock;

(d) reclassify any Common Stock into or authorize or issue any other
equity security, including any security (other than Series A Preferred Stock) convertible into or
exercisable for any equity security, having a preferer.ce over, or being on a parity with, the
Series A Preferred Stock with respect to voting (other than the pari passu voting rights of
Common Stock), dividends, redemption, conversion or upon liquidation;

(e) redeem, purchas« or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set fulds
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any snare or shares of Preferred Stock or Common
Stock other than in accordance with the redemption provisions of these Restated Articles;
provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to (i) the repurchase of shares of Common
Stock with the approval of the ‘Corporation’s Board of Directors from employees, officers,
directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary
pursuant to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at
no greater than cost upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of

0120677 .16 -12-
employment, or through the exercise of any right of first refusal or (i1) the repurchase of up to an
aggregate of $750,000 of Common Stock from the Company’s Chief Executive Officer made
within 90 days of the Purchase Date:

(f) amend the Corporation’s Bylaws or Articles of Incorporation:

(g) incur any new indebtedness in excess of an aggregate of $560,000
following the Purchase Date, not including (i) any interest accrued or canitalized on indebtedness
outstanding prior to the Purchase Date, (ii) any secured or asset-backed debt in connection with
transactions approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, (iii) notes issued by the
Corporation as consideration in connection with an acquisition of an entity or assets approved by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or (iv) capital lease obligations incurred in the
ordinary course of business;

(h) unless otherwise approved by the Board of Directors, including
each of the Preferred Directors, at any time prior to the date that is one year following the
Purchase Date for the Series A Preferred Stock: (i) issue or obligate the Corporation to issue
shares of capital stock that, upon issuance, would result in a decrease in the Conversion Price
under the Conversion Price adjustment formula set forth in Section 4(d)(i)(A). or (ii) issue or
obligate the Corporation to issue in excess of an aggregate of 1,100,000 share: of capital stock
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) of the type described in
Section 4(d)(i)(B)(ii) of these Articles of Incorporation.

8. Status of Converted Stock. In the evert any snares of Preferred Stack
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled end
shall not be issuable by the Corporation. These Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended
to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

9. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with repurchases by the
Corporation of its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof,
Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law shall not apply in whole or in
part with respect to such repurchases.

(C) Common Stock.

1, Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article III(B).

3 Redemption. The Commion Stock is not redeemable.

0120677.16 -13-
4. Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shal! be
eliminated to the fuilest extent permissible under California law.

(B) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) to the fullest extent permissible under
California law.

(C) Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article IV by the shareholders of the Corporation shall not acversely affect any right or
protection of a director or agent of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment,
repeal or modification.”

* * *
3. The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
corporation.
4. The foregoing amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite number of

shares of this corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California General
Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled 10 vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment was 5,190,100 shares of Common Stock. The number of shares voting in
favor of the foregoing amendment e,ualed or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote
required was a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. There are no shares of
Preferred Stock outstanding.

0179077. 16 -14-
The undersigned certify + .der penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California
that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Executed at_Deviecia, California, on_C/C to pew 12.200
Michael J. Eck, ident

NY

0120677.16 -15-
