ZIlu 2 oF :n the office of the Secretary of Slate
of the State of California
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED OP 8 a anne oY
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION yo
OF
ACROMETRIX

The undersigned, Michael J. Eck and Nancy A. Eck, hereby certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
AcroMetrix, a California corporation.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to
read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE |
The name of this corporation is AcroMetrix (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the Californie Corporations Code.

ARTICLE Il

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 22,727,272 shares. 20,000,000 shares shall be
Common Stock and 2,727,272 shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. ‘Thc Preferred Stock
authorized by these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the “Restated
Articles”) may be issued from time to time in one or morc series. The first series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 2,727,272 shares. The
rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series A Preferred
Stock are as set forth below in this Article III(B).

1. Dividend Provisions. Unless otherwise explicitly approved by the holders
of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (cither prior to or after the filing of
the Restated Articles), the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference io any
declaration or payment cf any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities
and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly,
additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation, provided that an adjustment to the

DOCSSV 1:300262.3
1417044 S4
respective Conversion Price (as defined below) of such other securities or rights has been made in
accordance with Section 4(d)Gi) below) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of
$0.08 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) per
annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, payable quarterly when, as and if
declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”). Such dividends
shall not be cumulative. After payment of such dividends, any additional dividends shit be
distributed amuny the holders of Series A Pre®rred Stock and Common Stock pro rata cased on
the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming conversion of all
such Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

2. Liguidation.

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or invcluntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive. prior and in prefererce to any distribution of any of the asscts
of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an
amount per share equal to (i) $1.10 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like) (the “Original Purchase Price”) plus (ii) an amount equal to 8% of
the Original Purchase Price per share per year, compounded annually from the Purchase Date for
such series (as defined below) from the Purchase Date for such series (as defined below), for
each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends
(the aggregate of the amounts described in this sentence, per cach sharc, shall be referred to
he: . 'n as the “Liquidation Preference Amoupt Per Share”). If, upon the occurrence of such
event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential
amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporution legally available for distribution
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each suck holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(a) above, if assets remain in the Corporation, the holders of the Common

Stock of the Corporation shall receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation on a pro rata
basis.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liguidgtion. For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation, dissolution, or windiug up of the Corporation shall be deemed to oceur if the
Corporation shall (A) sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property
or business, (B) merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited liability
company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) such that the
shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such consolidation or merger own less than
50% of the Corporation’s voting power immediately following such consolidation or merger, (C)
any transaction or series of related transactions occurring in a 12-month period in which in
excess of 50% of the Corporation's voting power is transferred; or (D) any other liquidation ,
distribution, or winding up of the Corporation or its assets (any such transaction, a “Liquidation
Traasaction”), provided that a bona fide equity financing in which the Corporation is the

DOCSSV1:300262 3
1-417044 Sal -2.
surviving corpotation and in which no new investor yur group of related investors) owns in
axcess of 50% of the voting power of the Corporaticn shall not be considered a Liquidation
Transaction.

(ii) Valuation of Consideration. in the event of a Liquidation
Transaction, if the consideration received by the Corporation is other than cash, its value wili be
deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be velued as follows:

(A) Sc urities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free markctability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shal! be based on a formula approved by the Board
of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq
over a specified time period;

(2) Ifactively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid
or sales prices (whichever is applicable) for such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) ‘If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment lette: or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shal] be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(cXii)(A)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(iii) Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock written notice of any impending

Lic uidation Transaction not leter than 10 days prior tu the shareholders’ meeting called to
approve such Liquidation Transaction, or 1G days prior to the closing of such Liquidation
Transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final
approval of such Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material
terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this
Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material
changes. Unless such notice requirements are waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall not take
place sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or
sooner than i0 days after the Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for
herein. Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Restated Articles, all notice periods or
requirenients in these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived, either before or after the
action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the

voting power of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are entitled to such
notice rights.

DOCSSV1:300262.3
1-417044 S41 -3-
(iv) Effect of Nowcompliance. In the event the requirements of
this S= :iion 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith cither cause the closing
of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Scciion 2 have been
complied with, or cancel s sch Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the
same as such ~ zhts, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to ihe date
of the first notice referred to in Section 2(c)}{iii).

3. Redemption.

(a) Redemption Date and Price. At any time after * years folle wing
the Purchase Date (as defined below), but on a date (the “Redemption Date”) within 180 days
after receipt by the Corporation of a written request (a “Redemption Election”) from the holders
of not less than a majority of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock that at least
1,363,636 of the shares (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the Jike)
(or such lesser ni-tber of shares of Preferred Stock as is then outstanding) of such series be
redeemed, the Corporaticn shail, to the extent it may lawfully do so, redeem up to that number of
shares specified in the Redemption Flection in accordance with the procedures set forth in this
Section 3 by paying in cash therefor a sum per share equal to the Liquidation Preference Amount
Per Share of Sernes A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like) plus all declared or accumulated but unpaid dividends on such shares
(the “Redemption Price”). Any redemption effected pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall be made
available on a pro rata basis among all of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock based on
the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holders.

(>) Procedure. Within 30 days following its receipt of a Redemption
Election, the Corporation shall mail a written notice, first class postage prepaid, to each holder of
record (at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is
given) of the Series A Preferred Stock at the address last shown on the records of the
Corporation for such holder, notifying such holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying
the number of shares to be redeemed from such holder, the Redemption Date, the applicable
Redemption Price, the place at which payment may be obtained and calling upon such holder to
surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, such holder’s certificate
or certiiicates representing the shares to be redeemed (the “Redemption Notice”). The holder of
any shares of Series A Preferred Stock may exercise such holders’ redemptic . ..ghts ag to such
shares (and not any part thereof), subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3(c) hereof, by
delivering to the Corporation during regular business hours, at the office of any transfer agent of
the Corporation for the Preferred Stock or at such other place as may designated by the
Corporation in the Redemption Notice, at any time within 45 days following the date of receipt
of such Redemption Notice by the holder, a written notice (each a “Holder's Notice”) stating that
such holder elects to have redeemed ali of the shares of Preferred Stock held by the holder which
are eligible for redemption in accordance with the Redemption Notice. On or after the
Redemption Date, cach holder of Series A Preferred Stock that has elected to have shares of
Preferred Stock redeemed shall surrender to the Corpomtion the certificate or certificates
representing such shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice,
and thereupon the Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person
whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered

DOCS3'V1:300262.3
1-417644 S4} -4-
certificate shal} b.  ancelled. After receipt oj C1¢ surrendered certificate or certificates, and no
more than 10 days following the later of the Rede.ap.icn Date and the date of such receipt (such
date. the “Ist Payment Dead!ine’), the Corporation shai! issue and deliver to or upon the written
order of such holder, at such office or other plese desipmated by the holder: (A) a check for cash
with respect to half of the shares so redeemed and (B) in the event jess than ail the shares
represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate representing the unredeemed
shares. Within 180 days following the 1st Payment Deadline, the Corporation shall issue: and
deliver to or upon tl 2 written order of such holder, at such office or other place designated by the
holder a check for cz sh with respect to the remaining half of the shares so redeemed.

(c) Effect of Redemption; Insufficient Funds, From and after the
Redemption Date, unless there shal! have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price, all

tights of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock designated for redemption in Holders’
Notices (except the right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrencier of their
share certificate or certificates) shall cease with respeci to such shares, and such shares, shall not
thcreafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for any
purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock on the Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem the total number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds which are legally
available will be used ‘o redeem the maximum possible number of such shares ratably among the
holders of such shares to be redeemed based upon the total Redemption Price applicable the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock for which each holder has requested redemption on such date
pursuant to a Holder's Notice. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain
dutstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time thereafter
when additional funds of the Corporation are legally available for the redemption of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, such funds will immediately be used to redeem the balance of the
shares which the Corporation has become obliged to redeem and pay the Redemption Price
therefore on the Redemption Date but which it has not redeemed.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c}, each share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the cption of the holder thereof, at any time after the date
of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock,
irso such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by
dividing $1.10 by the Conversion Price applicable to such share, determined as hei :after
provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial
* Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be $1.10. Such initial Conversion
Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(bo) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the
time in effect for such share immediately upon the carlier of (i) except as provided below in
Section 4(c), the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a tirm commitment underwriiten
public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act’), the public offering price of which is not less than $6.60 per share (as

DOCSSV1.300262.3
1417044 SAi -5-
adjusted for stock spliis, stock dividends, reclassifications cr the like) and which results in a total
offering price of not less than $25 milion (calculated before dedvcting underwriting discounts,
commissions and expenses) or (:') the date specified by written consent or agreement of the
holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Seites A Preferred Stock.

(c) Mechanics of Conve.sion. Before any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common
Stock, the holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly end:- sc, at the
office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such series of Pretened Stock, and shall
give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert
the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversioa shall be deemed to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares
of such series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive
the shares of Cormmon Stock issuable upon such conversion shal] be treated for ali purposes as
the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. [f the conversion
is in connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant to the
Securities Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred Stosk for
conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the undei writers of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock shall : ~* be decmed to nave converted such Preferred Strck
until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(4) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuences, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock shal} be subject to adjustment from time tc time as follows:

(i) Issuagce of Additional S below Purchase Price. If
the Corporation should issue, at any time after the date upon which any shares of Series A
Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date” with respect to such series), apy
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per shure less
than the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately pricr to the issuance of such
Additional Stock, the Conversion Price ‘or such serics in effect immediately prior to each such
issuance shali automatically be adjusied as set forth in this Section 4(d}(i), unless otherwise
provided in this Section 4(d){i).

(A) Adjustment Formule. Whenever the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new Conversion Price shall be determined
by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the
“Qutstanding Common”) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance of Additional Stock would purchase
at such Conversion Price; and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of sharcs of
Outstanding Common plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. For puzposes of the

DOCSS V1 300262.3
1417044 Sal 6-
foregomg calculation, the term “Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Commoa Stock
deemed issued pursuant te Section 4(d)(1,(E) below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stuck”. For purposes
of his Section 4d}i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Commen Stoc» issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase
Date} other thar

(1) Common Siock issued pursuant to stock
di vidends, siock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ii) hereof:

(2) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation directly or pursuant to a stock option
plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(3) Capital stock, or options or warrants to
purchase capital stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors in connectivn with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions or similar
transactions;

(4) Shares of Common Stock o. Preferred Stock
issuable upon exercise of warranis outstanding as of the date of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation;

(5) Capital stock, or warrants or options to
purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar
iransactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(6) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upcn conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock;

(7) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
in 9 public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock will be converted to Common Stock;

(8) Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity
as a component of any business relationship with such entity for the purpose of (A) joint venture,
technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply or manufacture of the
Corporatior. s products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving corporate partners
that are primarizy for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business relationship
with such entity are approved by the Beara of Directors; and

(9) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable

with ths affirmative vote of at least « majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
voting together as a class.

; (C) NoFractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount Jess than one cent

POLS °¥1-300262.3
1417044 S41 7
per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made dy reason of this
sentence shall be carried forward and shail be e,iiser taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment made prior to three years from: the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment
being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving
rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Considcration. In the case of
the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shali be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid therefor before deducting any :easonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the iss!tance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Boerd of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(F) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case
of the issuance (whether before, on or after the spplicable Purchase Date) of securities or rights

convertible into, or entitling the holder thercof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”), the following provisions shall apply for
all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):

(\) The aggregate maximum number of snares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or =xercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or
such Common Stock Equivaler’s were issued and cor a consideraticn equal to the consideration,
if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and related Common Stock
Equivatents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (witnout
taking into account potential antidilution adjustnents) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise
of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
mamner vrovided in Section 4(d)(iXD).

(2) ‘In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents, other than a change
resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock Equivalents,
shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange
or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) | Upon the <erminaiion or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Steck Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or

DOCSSV1:300262.3
1~417044 Sat -8-
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the mumber of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actualiy issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) | The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(iE}(1) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either Seciion 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)(1)(EX3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(diXE)\(2) and 4(d)(i)(2)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
4(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

iii) Stock Spiits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or
subdivision of the outstanding shares ot Common Stock or the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares ot
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of
such record date (or the date cf such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased
so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such
series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common
Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents with the
number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from tine to
time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in Section 4(d)(iXE).

(iii) Peverge Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shal! be appropriately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(c)  QOther Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d)(i) or 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4{e}, the
uoldets of Serics A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such
distribution as though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed

for the determination of the holders of Common Stock uf the Corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.

DOCSSV1:300242 3
1-417044 S41 -9-
(f) Recapitalizations. If at ary time or from time to tume there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or
sale of asseis transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shail
be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall thereafter be enutled to receive
upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or
property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. La any such case, appropriate
adjustment shal] be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the
rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after
that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) Nolmpairment. The Corporation will not, through any
reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, vonsolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at ali times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and
in the taking of ail such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
Conversion Rights of the hclders of Preferred Steck against impairment.

(h) No Shares ana Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall De issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of Series A Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the Corposation will
pay cash in an amount equal to the fair value of such fractional shares, based on the fair market
value of the shares of Common Stock, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, as
of the time when those who would otherwise be entitled to receive such fractional shares is
determined. The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shal! he determined or. the
basis of the total number of shares of Scries A Preferred Stock the holder is at the time
converting into Commor Stock and the nurhber of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
aggregate conversicn.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at
its expens:, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting
forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time
of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a tike
certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for the
Series A Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of a share of the Series A Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining

DOCSSV1:300262 3
1417044 $41 -1G-
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than « cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
1 each uc'der of Series A Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a
notice specify: +g the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or

right.
G) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The

Corporation shall at ali times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the

Series A Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time
be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock;
and if af uny time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the conversion of al! then outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock,
in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts io obtain
the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these Restated Articles.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Scction 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited
in the Jnited States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation.

5. Voting Rights. Except as expressly provided by these Restated Articles
or as provided by law, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the same voting rights
as the hulders of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders' meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock and the Series
A, Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters. Each holder of Common
Stock shall be entitled to one vote for ¢ach share of Common Stack held, and each holder of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock could be converted.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an
as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A Preferred Stock
held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-
half being rounded upward)

6. Election of Board of Djyectors. For so long as at least 500,000 shares of

Preferred Stock remain outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock uividends,

reclassifications or the like), (i) the holders of Prefeired Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect 2 members of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Preferred Directors”) at
cach meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s shareholders for the election of
directors, and to remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused hy the
resignation, death or removal of such director; (ii) the holders of Common Stock, voting as a
separate class, snali be entitled to elect 2 membeis of the Board of Directors at each meeting or

DOCSSV 1:300262,3
1-417044 S41 -{}
pursuant to each consent of the Company's sharenolders for the election of directors, and to

remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or

removal of such directors, and (iii) the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting
---her as actlass, shall be entitled to elect all remaining members of the Board of Directors.

i. frucetr. Piovisiuns. So jong as at least 500,000 shares of Preferred
Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for stock spits, stova vas idends, reclassif -rtons or the like),
the Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first
obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by Jaw) of the holders or at least
a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(a) effect a Liquidation Transaction;

(b) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock;

(c, increase or decrease {other than by conversion or in accordance
“ith the redemption provisions of these Restated Articles) the total number of authorized shares
of Series A Preferred Stock;

{dj reclassify any Common Stock into or authorize or issue any other
equity security, including any security (other than Series A Preferred Stock) convertibie into or
exercisable for any equity security, having a preference over, or being on a parity with, the
Series A Preferred Stock with respect to voting (other than the pari passu voting rights of
Common Stock), dividends, redemption, conversion or upon liquidation;

(e) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set funds
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common
Stock other than in accordance with the redemption provisions of these Restated Articles;
provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to (i) the repurchase of shares of Common
Stock with the approval of the Corporation’s Board of Directors from employees, officers,
directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary
pursuant to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at
no greater than cost upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of
employment, or through the exercise of any right of first refusal or (ii) tae repurchase of up to an
aggregate of $750,000 of Common Stock from the Company’s Chief Executive Officer made
within 90 days of the Purchase Date;

(f) amend the Corporation’s Bylaws or Articles of Incorporation;

(g) incur any new indebtedness in excess of an aggregate of $500,600
following the Purchase Date, not including (i) any interest accrued or capitalized on indebtedness
outstanding prior to the Purchase Date, (ii) any secured or asset-backed debt in connection with
transactions approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, (ili) notes issued by the
~-Orporation as consideration in connection with an acquisition of an entity or assets approved by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or (iv) capital lease obligations incurred in the
ordinary course of business;

DOCSEV4:300202.3
1-417044 Sat -12.
th) unless otherwise approved by the Board of Directors, including
each of the Preferred Directors, at any time prior to the date thet is one vear following the
Purchase Date for the Series A Preferred Stock: (i) issue or obligate the Corporation te issue
shares of capital stock that, upon issuance, would result in a decrease in the Conversion Price
under the Conversion Prive adjustment formula set forth in Section 4(d\i)(A), or (ii) issue or
obliyate the Corporation to issue un excess of an aggregate of 1,100,000 shares of capital stock
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) of the type described in
Section 4(d\?*-™)Gi) of these Articies of Incorperation.

8. Status of Converi_d Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so cunverted shall be cancelled and
shall not be issuabis by the Corporation. These Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended
to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

9. Repurchzse of Shares. In connection with repurchascs by the
Corporation of its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof,
Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law shall not apply in whole or in
part with respect to such repurchases.

(C) Common Stock.

1. Dividend Nights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets cf the Corporation legally available therefor, such divicends as may be declared frora time
io time by the Board of Dircctors.

2. Liquidaticn Rights. Upon the liquidaticn, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article IU(B).

3, Redemption. The Common Siock is nz: redeemable.

4, Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any sharehu:ders’ meeting iri
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shal] be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

{A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under Califomia law.

(B) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) to the fullest extent permissible under
California law,

DOCSSV?.390262,3
1-417044 $4! -13.
(C) Any amendment, repeal or medification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article IV by the shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or
orotection of a director or agent of the Corporatior existing at the time of such amendment,
repeal or modification.”

& Ly *

3. The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
corporation.

4. The foregoing amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite number cf
shares of this corporation in accordance with Sections $2 and 903 of the California General
Corporation I.aw. The total number of outstanding shares entitied to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment was 4,710,782 shares of Common Stock and 2,727,272 shares of Preferred
Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceedec
tne vote required. The petrentage vote required was (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class and (ii) a majority of the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting separately us a series.

DOUSSV1:300262.3
1417064 S41 14.
The undersigned certify under penalty of

perjury under the laws of the State of California
that the matters set forth in this Certifi

cate are true and correct of our orn knowledge.

Executed at @én'¢/A, California, on _ A, nu! cr 2605

DOCSS¥1:300262,3
1-417044 $4]
