State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 10:44 AM 04/18/2012
FILED 10:23 AM 04/18/2012
SRV 120441947 - 3157010 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

ACRONIS, INC.

Pursuant to Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law

ACRONIS, INC. (the “Corporation”), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, hereby certifies as follows:

The Board of Directors of the Corporation has duly adopted by written consent, pursuant to
Sections 141(f) and 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, a resolution setting forth amendments
to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation and declaring said amendments to be advisable. The
sole stockholder of the Corporation has duly adopted said amendments by written consent in accordance
with Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Said amendments have been duly adopted in
accordance with Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The resolution setting forth the
amendments is as follows:

“RESOLVED: That the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended to date, be amended
by deleting Article Fourth thereof in its entirety and substituting therefor the following:

“FOURTH: “The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is 5,000 shares, par value $0.001, designated as Common Stock.

“Effective as of 5:00 p.m., Eastern daylight saving time, on the date of filing of this
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (the “Effective Time”), a two
hundred-for-one reverse split of the Corporation’s Common Stock shall become
effective, pursuant to which each two hundred shares of Common Stock outstanding and
held of record by each stockholder of the Corporation (including treasury shares)
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be reclassified and combined into one share
of Common Stock automatically and without any action by the holder thereof upon the
Effective Time and shall represent one share of Common Stock from and after the
Effective Time, No fractional shares of Common Stock shalt be issued as a result of such
reclassification and combination. In lieu of any fractional shares to which a stockholder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the then fair market value of Common Stock as determined by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.”

* * *

IN WITNESS WHEREOK, this Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation has been
executed as of April 17 2012 by a duly authorized officer of the Corporation.

ACRONIS, INC.

Ilya Zubare¥ -

President
