=P}

A0631377 FILED
il the office of the Secretary of Staic
2039133 of the State of California

JUL 8 2 2005
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
ACTIVE SEMICONDUCTORS, INC.

The undersigned hereby certifies that:

1. He is the President and Secretary of Active Semiconductors, Inc., a
California corporation (the “Corporation”’).

2. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are amended and restated
to read in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is:
ACTIVE SEMICONDUCTORS, INC.
ARTICLE Il

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other
than the banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to
be incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE iil

A. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be - =
designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is One Million Six Hundred Ninety-Nine Thousand
One Hundred Eighty-Nine (1,699,189) shares. Ten Thousand (10,000) shares shall be Common
Stock. One Million Six Hundred Eighty-Nine Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Nine (1,689,189)
shares shall be Preferred Stock, all of which are designated as “Series A Preferred Stock.”

B. The powers, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other matters relating to
the Series A Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends. .

(a) The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shal! be entitled to receive
dividends at the rate of $0.001 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividend, combinations or
splits with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of funds legally available therefore.
Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors and
shall be noncumulative.

(b) No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the
Corporation) shall be paid on any Common Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year of
the Corporation until dividends in the total amount of $0.00! (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred Stock
shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year,

(c) Norights shall accrue to holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock by
reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior years, nor shall any
unpaid dividend hear or accrue any interest.

- 2, Liquidation Preference, In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the hulders of Common Stock
shali be entitled to receive all of the assets of the Corporation. The Series A Preferred Stock
shall not be entitled to any assets in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding: up of the
Corporation.

3, Conversion. The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be convertible into
shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock.

4, Voting Rights, Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one (1)
vote for each share of Common Stock held. Except as otherwise required by law and by Article
III, Section B, paragraph 5 hereof, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to vote on any matters to be voted on by the stockholders of the Corporation,

5. Protective Provisions. So Jong as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock
originally issued remain outstanding, the Corpora-ion shall not, without the vote or written
_ consent by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock,
voting together as a single class:

(a) amend the Articles of Incorporation or otherwise take any action to
alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock:so as -
to affect adversely the shares of such series;

(b) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Preferred
Stock or Series A Preferred Stock; or

(c) authorize, enter into or effect any transaction or series of
transactions that would result in any merger, other corporate reorganization, or transfer of
control of, or sale, transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of, the
Corporation, or any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

6. Status of Acquired Stock. In the event any shares of Series A Preferred

Stock shall be acquired by the Corporation, the shares so acquired shall be canceled and shall not
be issuable by the Corporation, and the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be

CAWork\USYVP - Active Semi\CA sub articles (clean).doc 2

ARE SET ERNE BIEL hie a AP Be He IN NIRS

PONT SEL ESE Sy ET HS
Wert byte Tike et
appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized
capital stock.

ARTICLE IV

A. The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages
shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as
defined in section 317 of the California Corporations Code) for breach of duty to the corporation
and its shareholders through bylaw provisions or through agreements with the agents, or through
shareholder resolutions, or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by
section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject to the limits on such excess
indemnification set forth in section 204 of the California Corporations Code.

C. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article IV
shail not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Corporation existing at the
time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

1. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

2. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with sections 902 and
903 of the California Corporations Code.. The total number of outstanding shares of the
Corporation is 10,000 shares of Common Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the
amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was more than
fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

CAWork\USVP - Active Semi\CA sub articles (clenn).dac 3

Cae en aa ent ecteknel tae dnannathdcteae hie tneah c= baciiscii insist ooh ice Sak esis ie a ae eae iia ik tad
1 further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California
that the matters set forth in this cartificate are true and sorract of my own knowledge,

Dated: July Z/, 2005.

OA\Wesk\UBYP « Active Sami\CA ub anticies (elean).doo

