A06 70447 S00
FILED
Ss / in the office of the Secretary of State
/ of the State of California
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
DEC 2 0 20N7
OF

ACTIVE SEMICONDUCTORS, INC.

The undersigned hereby certifies that:

1. He is the President and Secretary of Active Semiconductors, Inc., a
Califomia corporation (the “Corporation”).

2. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are amended and restated
to read in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is:
ACTIVE SEMICONDUCTORS, INC.

ARTICLE II

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other
than the banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to
be incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III

A. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 2,318,413 shares. 10,000 shares shall be
Common Stock. 2,308,413 shares shall be Preferred Stock, 1,689,189 of which are designated as
“Series A Preferred Stock,” 450,685 of which are designated as “Series B Preferred Stock” and
168,539 of which are designated as “Series C Preferred Stock.”

B. The powers, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other matters relating to
the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock are as
follows:

1. Dividends.

(a) The holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Series B
Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, at the rate of $0.001 per share (as adjusted for any
stock dividend, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of

700859908v2
funds legally available therefore. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared
by the Board of Directors and shall be noncumulative.

(b) After the holders of Series C Preferred Stock have received their dividend
preference as set forth in Section B.1(b) hereof, the holders of Senes B Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any
dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock, at the rate of $0.00] per share (as adjusted for any
stock dividend, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of
funds legally available therefore. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared
by the Board of Directors and shall be noncumulative.

(c) After the holders of Series B Preferred Stock have received their dividend
preference as set forth in Section B.1](a) hereof, the holders of Senes A Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends at the rate of $0.001 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividend,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of funds legally
available therefore. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board
of Directors and shall be noncumulative.

(d) No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the
Corporation) shall be paid on any Common Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year of
the Corporation until dividends in the total amount of $0.001 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall have been paid or declared and set
apart during that fiscal year.

{e) No nghts shall accrue to holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said
shares are not declared in any pnor years, nor shall any unpaid dividend bear or accrue any
interest.

2. Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Common Stock
shall be entitled to receive all of the assets of the Corporation. Neither the Series A Preferred
Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock nor the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to any
assets in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

3. Conversion. Neither the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred
Stock nor the Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible into shares of the Corporation’s
Common Stock.

4. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise required by law and by Article III,
Section B, paragraph 5 hereof, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any matters to be
voted on by the shareholders of the Corporation.

5. Protective Provisions. So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock originally issued remain outstanding, the
Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders of at least a majority of

2

7008 59908 v2
the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class:

(a) amend the Articles of Incorporation or otherwise take any action to
alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares
of such series;

(b) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Preferred
Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock; or

(c) authorize, enter into or effect any transaction or series of
transactions that would result in any merger, other corporate reorganization, or transfer of
control of, or sale, transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of, the
Corporation, or any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

6. Status of Acquired Stock. In the event any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock shall be acquired by the Corporation,
the shares so acquired shall be canceled and shall not be issuable by the Corporation, and the
Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be appropriately amended to effect the
corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

ARTICLE IV

A. The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages
shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as
defined in section 317 of the California Corporations Code) for breach of duty to the corporation
and its shareholders through bylaw provisions or through agreements with the agents, or through
shareholder resolutions, or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by
section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject to the limits on such excess
indemnification set forth in section 204 of the California Corporations Code.

C. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article IV
shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Corporation existing at the
time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

1. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

2. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with sections 902 and
903 of the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of the
Corporation is 10,000 shares of Common Stock, 1,689,189 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and 450,685 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the
amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was more than

700859908 v2
50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and more than 50% of the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, voting separately as separate classes.

700859908 v2
. . 2 — |

- foe oS _V fret declare under penalty of psijury under the lif the Stte of California age
ee, = a ge ates i ee acne ton et, a

