STATE OF DELAWARE

BRURETARY OF STATE (THU) 12. 20° 01 11:26/8T. 11:25/N0. 4861863511 P 2

DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS
FILED 11:15 AM 12/20/2001
010657769 — 3455237

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATON
OF
ACUFOCUS, INC.

AcuFocus, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Corporation”), hereby certifies as follows:

l, The name of the Corporation is AcuFocus, Inc.

2. The Corporation was originally incorporated and the original Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of the State of
Delaware on November 8, 2001 under the name AcuFocus, Inc.

3. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in accordance with
the provisions of Sections 141(f), 242, 245 and 228 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware by the written consent of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors and its stockholders. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates,
integrates, amends and supersedes the provisions of the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation.

+

The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby restated and amended to read
in its entirety as follows:

FIRST: The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the ‘“Corporalion”) is: AcuFocus,

Inc.

SECOND: The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is:
9 East Loockerman Street, Dover, Delaware 19901, County of Kent. The registered agent in
charge thercof is National Registered Agents, Inc.

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

FOURTH: The total number of share of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall
have authority to issue is Nine Million Twenty-Three Thousand Three Hundred Thirty-Four
(9,023,334) shares, of which: (i) Six Million Five Hundred Fifty-Six Thousand Six Hundred
Sixty-Seven (6,556,667) shall be designated shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per
share (the “Common Stock”), and (ii) Two Million Four Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand Six
Hundred Sixty-seven (2,466,667) shall be designated shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par
value per share (the “Preferred Stock”), all of which shares of Preferred Stock shall be
designated “Series A Convertible Preferred Stock” (the “Series A Preferred Stock”).

ATLANTA:491260/2.2
FROM

(THU) 12. 20° 01 11:26/8T. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P

The following is a statement of the designations and the powers, privileges and nghts,
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect of each class of capital stock
of the Corporation.

A. COMMON STOCK

1. General. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the
Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock as
may be designated by the Board of Directors upon any issuance of the Preferred Stock.

2. Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share
of Common Stock held at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of meetings).
There shal! be no cumulative voting.

3. Number of Shares. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be
increased or decreased (but not below the number of sharcs thereof then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majonty of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote,
irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

4. Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock from
funds lawfully available therefor if, as and when determined by the Board of Directors and
subject to any preferential dividend rights of any then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock.

3. Liquidation. Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive al] assets of the
Corporation available [or distribution to its stockholders, subject to any preferential nghts of any
then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock.

B. SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK.

1, Dividends, The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, in preference to the holders of the Junior Stock (as defined in Section 2(a) below), out of
funds legally available therefor, if, as and when declared by the Corporation’s Board of
Directors, dividends annually at a per share rate equal to the greater of (1) $0.06 (as adjusted for
any stock dividends, combinations, splits or similar event with respect to such shares) and (11) the
agetegate dividends payable on the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of
Series A Preferred Stock could then be converted (the greater of (1) and (i), the “Dividend
Rate”). Such dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall be payable in cash. In any fiscal
year, unless the Dividend Rate on the Series A Preferred Stock have been paid in full, or
declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart, no dividend shall be paid, and no
distribution shall be made, on any Junior Stock and no redemption of any Junior Stock shall
occur. Except as otherwise provided herein, if at any time the Corporation pays less than the
total amount of dividends then declared but unpaid with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock,
such payment shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock based
upon the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by cach such holder.
Upon any conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, all rights to such preferential
dividends on such shares shall terminate.

2? ATLANTA:4372672.2

3
FROM

(THU) 12. 20° 01 11:26/8T. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P

2. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

(a) In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock then
outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to its stockholders, before any payment or distribution shall be made to the holders
of Common Stock or any other class or series of stock ranking on liquidation junior to the Series
A Preferred Stock (such Common Stock and other stock being collectively referred to as “Tunior
Stock’’) by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount equal to the greater of the per share
amounts determined pursuant to subsections (b) and (c) below (subject to appropnate adjustment
in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization
affecting such shares) plus any dividends declared but unpaid on such shares.

(b) If the amount payable to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock under the
Initial Calculation is equal 10 or greater than $1.50 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits or similar event with respect to such shares), then the assets and funds of the
Corporation remaining available for distribution to its stockholders, after the payment of all
preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of any class or series of stock ranking in
liquidation senior to or on a parity with the Senes A Preferred Stock, shall be distributed among
the holders of shares of the Common Stock and any other class or senes of stock entitled to
participate in liquidation distributions with the holders of Common Stock (which shall include
the Series A Preferred Stock), pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by
each (assuming conversion into Common Stock of all such shares).

(c) If the amount payable to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock under the
Initial Calculation is less than $1.50 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits or similar events with respect to such shares), then, after the payment of all
preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of Preferred Stock ranking on liquidation
senior to the Senes A Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be paid
an amount equal to $0.75 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits or
similar event with respect to such shares) of such Series A Preferred Stock, and then the
remaining assets and funds of the Corporation available for distnbution to its stockholders shall
be distributed among the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Common Stock and any
other class or scries of stock entitled to participate in liquidation distributions with the holders of
Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by eéach
(assuming conversion into Common Stock of all such shares).

(d) For purposes of this Section ?, “Initial Calculation” shall mean the per
share amount, calculated on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, which will be distributed to
the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Common Stock and any other class or series of
stock entitled to participate in liquidation distributions with the holders of Common Stock,
assuming conversion of all shares of Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock and assuming
payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of any class or series of
stock of the Corporation ranking in liquidation senior to or on a panty with the Series A
Preferred Stock.

3 ATLANTA:4372672.2

:
FROM

(THU) 12. 20° 01 14:27/8T. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P

(e) Tf upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation
the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholdcrs shall be
insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the full amount to which
they shall be entitled, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and any class or series of
stock ranking on liquidation on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock shall sharc ratably in
any distribution of the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation m proportion to the
respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect to the shares held by them upon
such distnbution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full.

(f) In the event of any merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with
another corporation (cxccpt one in which the holders of capital stock of the Corporation
immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to hold at least seventy percent
(70%) by voting power of the capital stock of the surviving corporation) or the sale or other
transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation, if the holders of at least fifty
percent (50%) of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock so elect by giving
written notice thereof to the Corporation at least three days before the effective date of such
event, then such merger, consolidation or asset salc shall be decmed to be a liquidation of the
Corporation, and all considcration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation (in the case of
a merger or consolidation) or all consideration payable to the Corporation, together with all other
available assets of the Corporation (in the case of an asset sale), shall be distributed to the
holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 2(a) through 2(e) above.
The Corporation shall promptly provide to the holders of shares of Scries A Preferred Stock such
information concerning the terms of such merger, consolidation or asset sale and the value of the
assets of the Corporation as may reasonably be requested by the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock in order to assist them in determining whether to make such an election. [f the holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock make such an election, the Corporation shall use its hest efforts to
amend the agreement or plan of merger or consolidation to adjust the rate at which the shares of
capital stock of the Corporation are converted into or exchanged for cash, new securities or other
properly to give effect to such election. The amount deemed distributed to the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock upon any such merger or consolidation shall be the cash or the value of thc
property, rights or securities distributed to such holders by the acquiring person, firm or other
entity. The value of such property, nghts or other securities shall be determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation. If no notice of the election permitted by this Section
2(f) is given, the provisions of Section 4{1) below shall apply.

3. Voting Rights: Election of Directors.

(a) Voting. Each holder of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into
which the shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock held by such holder are then convertible (as
adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 4 hereof), at each meeting of stockholders of the
Corporation (and wnitten actions of stockholders in lieu of meetings) with respect to any and all
matters presented {o the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration. Any
fractional voting rights resulting from the above calculation (after aggregating all shares into
which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be
rounded to the nearest whole number, with one-half being rounded upward, Except as provided
by law, by the provisions of Section 7 below or by the provisions establishing any other series of

4 ATLANTA:4372672,2

5
FROM

(THU) 12. 20° 01 14:27/8T. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P

Preferred Stock, holders of Series A Preferred Stock and of any other outstanding series of
Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class.

(b) Directors. So long as 822,140 shares of Senes A Preferred Stock are
outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock dividends, combinations, splits or similar event
with respect to such shares), the authorized number of directors of this corporation shal] be seven
(7), and (i) the holders of Senes A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to
elect three (3) directors (ihe “Series A Directors”), (ii) the holders of Common Stock, voting as a
separate class, shall be entitled to elect three (3) directors (the “Common Directors”) and (iii) the
holders of Common Stock and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, shall be entitled to elect onc (1) director (the “Mutual Director”).

(c) Vacancies. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a Series A Director
or a Common Director, the remaiming Series A Directors or the remaining Common Directors, as
the case may be, may, by affirmative vote of a majority thereof (or the remaining director so
elected if there is but one, or if there is no such director remaining, by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the sharcs of that class), elect a successor or successors to hold the office
for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or places shall be vacant. In the
case of a vacancy in the office of the Mutual Director, the Series A Directors and the Common
Directors, may, by affirmative vote of a majority of all such directors (or if there are no such
directors remaining, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the
Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a single class) clect a successor
to hold the office for the unexpired term of the Mutual Director. A Series A Director may be
removed during his or her term of office, whether with or without cause, only by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majonty of the Series A Preferred Stock. A Common Director may be
removed during his or her term of office, whether with or without cause, only by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the Common Stock. A Mutual Dircctor may be removed
during his or her term of office, whether with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, voting together
as a single class.

4. Optional Conversion.

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without
the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original Issue Price (as
defined below) by the Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of conversion.
The “Onginal Issue Price” for the Scries A Preferred Stock shall be $0.75, The “Conversion
Pnce” for the Series A Preferred Stock shall initially be $0.75. Such initial Conversion Price,
and the tale at which shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of
Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment for any stock dividends, combinations, splits or
similar event with respect to such shares and as provided below.

In the event of a notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant
to Section 6 hercof, the conversion rights of the shares designated for redemption shall terminate
at the close of business on the fifth day preceding the date fixed for redemption, unless the

5 ATLANTA:4372672.2

6
FROM

(THU) 12. 20° 01 11:28/8T. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P

redemption pricc is not paid in full when due, in which case the conversion rights for such shares
shall continue until such price is paid in full. In the event of a liquidation of the Corporation, the
conversion rights shall terminate at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the
date fixed for the payment of any amounts distnbutable on liquidation to the holders of Serics A
Preferred Stock.

(b) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of the Senes A Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the
holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay such holder an amount equal to
such fraction multiplied by the then effective Conversion Price.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) If a holder of Series A Preferred Stock clects to convert shares of
Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to subsection (a) above, such
holder shall surrender the certificates or certificates for such shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock
at the principal office of the Corporation together with written notice that such holder elects to
convert all or any number of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by such
certificate or certificates. Such notice shall state such holder’s name or the names of the
nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock
to be issued and the effective date of the conversion (the “Conversion Date”), which may be any
date within the sixty (60)-day period following the date on which such notice is received by the
Corporation. If required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be
endorsed or accompanied by a written instrament or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory
to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holdcr or such holder’s attorney duly
authorized in writing. The converting holder shall be decmed to be the record holder of the
shares of Common Stock issuable on the Conversion Date and the Corporation shall, as soon as
practicable after the Conversion Date (and in any event within fifteen (15) business days), issue
and deliver at such office of such holder of Series A Preferred Stock, or to such holder’s
nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled, togcthcr with payment in lieu of any fraction of a share pursuant to
Section 4(b) above.

(ii) The Corporation shall at all times when the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authonzed but unissued stock,
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Senes A Preferred Stock, such number of its
duly authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. Before taking any action which would
cause an adjustment reducing the Conversion Price below the then par value of the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation will,
lo the extent permitted by applicable law, take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of
its counsel, be necessary in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid
and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at such adjusted Conversion Price.

(iii) Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the Conversion Price

shall be made for any declared or accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock
surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon conversion.

6 ATLANTA‘4372672.2

7
FROM

(THU) 12. 20° 01 11:28/8T. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P

(iv) On the Conversion Date, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock
which shall have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be decmed
to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares, including the rights, if any, to receive
notices and to vote, shall immediately cease and terminate, except the right of the holders thereof
to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and payment of any dividends declared
or accrued but unpaid thereon. Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock so converted shall be
retired and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and the Corporation (without the need for
stockholder action) may from thereafter take such appropriate action as may be necessary to
reduce the authorized Senes A Preferred Stock accordingly.

(v) The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other laxcs (other
than taxes based on income) that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Scries A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section
4, The Corporation shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in
respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a
name other than that im which the shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock so converted were
registered, and no such issuance or delivery shall be made unless and until the person or entity
requesting such issuance has paid the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established,
to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

(d) Adjustment for Dilution. If at any time afler the date of the filing of this
Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of the State of
Delaware (the “Filing Date”), the Corporation shall issue any shares of Common Stock, or shall
issue any Common Stock Equivalents (as hereinafter defined), for a consideration per share less
than the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents, the Conversion Price of such share of Senes A Preferred Stock in
effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall be dccrcased to the amount determined in
accordance with the following formula:

Conversion Price = (P1 x Ol) + (P2 x O2
Q1+Q2
For purposes of the foregoing formula:
P1= Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance.

Q1= Number of Shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (in accordance with
subparagraph (vi) below) immediately prior to such issuance.

P2= Average price per share received by the Corporation upon such issuance
(determined in accordance with subparagraphs (iii) and (vi) below).

Q2:- Number of sharcs of Common Stock issued or sold, or deemed to have been
issued or sold (in accordance with subparagraph (vi) below) upon such issuance.

For purpose of any adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4(d), the
following provisions shall be applicable:

7 ATLANTA:4372672.2

8
FROM

(THU) 12. 20° 01 11:28/8T. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P

(i) “Common Stock Equivalents’ means any stock or security
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock and any right, warrant or
option to acquire Common Stock or any such convertible, exercisable or exchangeable security.

(ii) The per share consideration for the sale or issuance of Common
Stock shall be the price per share received by the Corporation before payment of commissions,
discounts and other expenses. The value of any non-cash consideration received or reccivable
upon the sale or issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents shall be determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(iii) In the case of the sale or issuance of Common Stock Equivalents,
the per share consideration shall be determimed by dividing the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents into the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation upon the sale or issuance of such Common Stock
Equivalents plus the minimum aggregate amount of any additional consideration receivable by
the Corporation upon the conversion or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents. For the
purpose of calculation, such maximum number of shares shall be assumed to be issued on the
earlier of the payment date or record date of issuance of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(iv) If any Common Stock Equivalents included in adjustments under
this Section 4(d) expire or terminate without the Common Stock to which they related having
been issued, the Conversion Price shall be readjusted to climinate the effect of thc assumed
issuance of such Common Stock. If any Common Stock Equivalents by their lerms provide for
subsequent increases in the additional consideration payable for the related Common Stock or for
subsequent decreases in the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable, then, upon any such
increase or decrease, the Conversion Price shall be appropriately readjusted to the extent such
Common Stock Equivalents have not then expired or been exercised or converted. The
agoregate increase in the Conversion Price caused by all such readjustments shall not excced the
decrease in Conversion Price made upon the issuance of the Common Stock Equivalents to
which such readjustments relates. If any Common Stock Equivalents by their terms provide for
subsequent decreases in the additional consideration payable for the related Common Stock or
for subsequent increases in the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable, then, upon any
such decrease or increase, the Conversion Price shall be appropnatcly adjusted to the extent such
Common Stock Equivalents have not then expired or been exercised or converted.

(v) Incase the Corporation shall declare a dividend or make any other
distnbution upon any stock of the Corporation payable in Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents, such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents shall be deemed to have been
issued or sold without consideration as of the earlier of the related record or payment date.

(vi) The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any point
in time shall include all shares then issuable or to become issuable pursuant to any Common
Stock Equivalent then issued or to be issued.

(vii) The following issuances of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents shall be excluded from the adjustment of the Conversion Price under this Section
4(d): (1) any dividend or distribution on any Series A Preferred Stock; (2) any stock for which

8 ATLANTA:4372672.2

9
FROM (THU) 12. 20° 01 11:29/8T. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P 10

adjustment of the Conversion Price is made pursuant to Sections 4(e), 4(f), 4(g) or 4(h) below;
(3) securities offered by the Corporation to the public in a Qualified Public Offenng (as defined
in Scction 5(a) below); (4) sccuritics reissucd to directors, employees, or consultants following
the Corporation’s acquisition af such securities pursuant to restricted stock arrangements with
individuals who have terminated their relationship with the Corporation or shares subject to
options granted to individuals who have terminated their relationship with the Corporation which
are not exercised; (5) securities issued solely in consideration for the acquisition or licensing of
technology (including, without limitation, sponsored research) by the Corporation or to a
collaborative partner of the Corporation in connection with a corporate partnering transaction, if
approved by the Board of Directors; (6) securities issued pursuant to any right or agreement to
the extent to which an adjustment was previously made to the Conversion Price established by
this Section 4 with respect to the initial sale or grant by the Corporation of such right or
agreement; (7) all securities issued or issuable pursuant to warrants outstanding on the Filing
Date; and (8) up to an aggregate of 500,000 shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
exercise of stock options (“Options”) granted to directors, officers, employees and consultants of
the Corporation under a stock option plan approved by the Board of Directors and adopted by the
stockholders, whether previously existing or granted after the Filing Date, each of which Options
has a per share exercise price that 1s not less than the per share fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date of grant of the Option. *

{e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation shall at
any time or from time to time after the Filing Date effect a subdivision of the outstanding
Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be
proportionately decreased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the
Filing Date effect a subdivision of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Conversion Price with
respect to the Series A Preferred Stock then in effect immediatcly before that subdivision shall
be proportionately increased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the
Filing Date combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in
effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately increased. If the Corporation
shall at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date combine the outstanding shares of
Serjes A Preferred Stock, the Conversion Price with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock then
in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately decreased. Any
adjustment under this paragraph shall become effective at the close of business on the date the
subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(f) Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time, or from time to time after the Filing Date shall make or issuc, or fix a

record date for the determination of holders of Cornmon Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then and in cach such event the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock then in effect shall be decreased as of the time
of such issuance or, in the event such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of
business on such record dale, by mulliplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

(i) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date, and

9 ATLANTA:4372672.2
FROM (THU) 12. 20° 01 11:29/8T. 11:25/N0. 4861863511 P 11

(11) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date plus the number of share of Common Stock issuable in
payment of such dividend or distribution:

provided, however, if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid
or if such distribution 1s not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Conversion Price for the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such
record date and thereafter the Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted
pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends or distribution; and
provided further, however, that no such adjustment shall be made if the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock simultaneously receive a dividend or other distribution of shares of Common
Stock in a number equal to the number of shares of Common Stock as they would have received
if all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on
the date of such event.

(g) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event the

Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date shall make or issue, or fix a
record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in secunties of the Corporation other than shares of Common Stock,
then and in each such event provision shall be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall receive upon conversion thercof in addition to the number of shares of Common
Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the Corporation that they would have
received had the Serics A Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock on the date of
such event and had they thereafter, during the period from the date of such event to and including
the Conversion Date, relained such securitics receivable by them as aforesaid during such period,
giving application to all adjustments called for during such period under this paragraph with
respect to the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock; and provided further,
however, that no such adjustment shall be made if the holders of Series A Preferred Stock
simultaneously receive a dividend or other distribution of such securities in an amount cqual to
the amount of such securities as they would have received if all outstanding shares of Scrics A
Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

(h) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange. or Substitution. If the

Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be changed
into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination or shares
or stock dividend provided for above, or a reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale of assets
provided for below), then and in each such event the holder of each such share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such share into the kind and amount of
shares of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such reorganization,
reclassification, or other change by holders of the number of shares of Common Stock into which
such shares of Series A Preferred Stock might have been converted immediately prior to such
reorganization, reclassification, or change, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

(i) Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization. In case of any consolidation or

merger of the Corporation with or into another corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of

10 ATLANTA:4372672.2
FROM (THU) 12. 20° 01 11:30/87T. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P 12

the assets of the Corporation to another corporation (other than a consolidation, merger or sale
which is covered by Section 2(f) above), each share of Senes A Preferred Stock shall thereafter
be convertible (or shall be converted into a security which shall be convertible) into the kind and
amount of shares of stock or other securities or property to which a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon conversion of such Series A
Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such consolidation, merger or sale; and, in such
case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) shall be
made tn the application of the provisions in this Section 4 set forth with respect to the nights and
interests thereafter of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, to the cnd that the provisions
set forth in this Section 4 (including provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments
of the Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in
relation to any shares of stock or other property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of the
Series A Preferred Stock.

(j) No Impairments. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganizalion, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropniate in order to protect the nghts of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant
to this Section 4 against impairment.

(k) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of cach adjustment or
teadjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense
shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and
furnish to each holder of Senes A Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request al any lime (bul not more than twice in
any 12 month period) of any holder of shares representing at least 5% of the anthorized number
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a similar
certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price then in
effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property
which then would be received upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock.

5. Mandatory Conversion.

(a) Upon the closing (the “Mandatory Conversion Date”) of the sale by the
Corporation of shares of Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
through a firm acceptable to the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a public offering price
per share of Common Stock equal to at least two times the then applicable Conversion Price
(with such Conversion Pnce for this purpose initially equal to $0.75) and resulting in at least
$15,000,000 of gross proceeds to the Corporation (before deducting underwniting discounts and
commissions and offering expenses) (a “Qualified Public Offering”) all outstanding shares of
Seres A Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the
then effective Conversion Price.

11 ATLANTA:4372672.2
FROM (THU) 12. 20° 01 11:30/8T. 11:25/N0. 4861863511 P 13

(b) All holders of record of shares of Series A Preferred Stock wil] be given
ten (10) business days prior wmitten notice of the Mandatory Conversion Date and the place
designated for mandatory conversion of all such shares of Series A Preferred Stuck pursuant to
this Section 5, Such notice shall be sent both by facsimile transmission (if a facsimile number
has been provided and is operational) and by first class or registered mail, postage prepaid, to
each record holder of Scrics A Preferred Stock at such holder’s facsimile number and address
last shown on the records of the Corporation for the Series A Preferred Stock. Upon receipt of
such notice, cach holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall surrender his, her or its
certificate or certificates for all such shares to the Corporation at the place designated in such
notice, and shall thereafter receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to this Section 5. On the Mandatory Conversion Date, all
rights with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock so converted, including the nghts, if any, to
receive notices and vote, will terminate, except only the rights of the holders thereof, upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor, to reccive certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock into which such Series A Preferred Stock has been converted. If so
required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or
accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or by such holder’s attomey duly authorized
in writing. As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Date and the surrender of the
certificate or certificates for Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall cause to be issued
and delivered to such holder, or on his, her or its written order, a certificate or certificates for the
number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such conversion in accordance with the
provisions hereof and cash as provided in Section 4(b) in respect of any [raction of a share of
Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion.

(c) All certificates evidencing shares of Series A Preferred Stock which are
required to be surrendered for conversion in accordance with the provisions hercof shall, from
and after the Mandatory Conversion Date, be deemed to have been retired and cancelled and the
shares of Scries A Preferred Stock represented thereby converted into Common Stock for all
purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender such
certificates on or prior to such date. The Corporation may thereafter take such appropriale action
(without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized Series A
Preferred Stock accordingly.

6. Redemption Event.

(a) Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the rights to cause the
Corporation, on December 14, 2007 and on each of the first and second anniversaries thereof
(each such date being referred to hereinafter as a “Redemption Date”), to redeem from such
holder, at the price per share equal to the price per share paid to the Corporation for such shares
by the initial holders thereof, which is $0.75 per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the
event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting
such shares, plus any dividends declared or accrued but unpaid thereon (the “Redemption
Price”), the following respective portions of the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock

held by such holder on the applicable Redemption Date:

12 ATLANTA:4372672.2
FROM (THU) 12. 20° 01 11:31/87. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P 14

Portion of Shares of Preferred

Redemption Date Stock to be Redeemed
December 14, 2007 33 1/3%
December 14, 2008 66 2/3%
December 14, 2009 100%

(b) ‘If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of Serics
A Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem all of the number of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock required under this Section 6 to be redeemed on such date, those
funds which are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such
shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock ratably on the basis of the number of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock which would be redeemed on such date if the funds of the Corporation legally
available therefor had been sufficient to redeem all shares of Series A Preferred Stock required to
be redeemed on such date. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation
become legally available for the redemption of Series A Preferred Stock, such funds will be
used, prior to the end of the next succeeding fiscal quarter, to redeem the balance of the shares
which the Corporation was theretofore obligated to redeern, ratably on the basis set forth in the
preceding sentence.

{c) Subject to Section 6(b) above, at jeast ten (10) business days prior to each
Redemption Date each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall provide the Corporation with a
written request sctting forth its desirc to redeem shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Upon
receipt of any such redemption request, the Corporation will become obligated to redeem on
such Redemption Date all Series A Preferred Stock specified therein (other than such shares of
Series A Preferred Stock as are duly converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof prior to the close of
business on the fifth full day preceding the Redemption Date). In case less than all Series A
Preferred Stock represented by any certificate is redeemed in any redemption pursuant to this
Section 6, a new certificate will be issued representing the unredeemed Series A Preferred Stock
without cost to the holder thereof.

(d) Unless there shall have been a default in payment of the applicable
Redemption Price, no share of Series A Preferred Stock which has been submitted for
redemption pursuant to subsection (c) above shall be entitled to any dividends declared after its
Redemption Date, and on such Redemption Date all rights of the holder of such share as a
stockholder of the Corporation by rcason of the ownership of such share will cease, except the
right to reccive the applicable Redemption Price of such share, without interest, upon
presentation and surrender of the certificate representing such share, and such share will not from
and after such Redemption Date be deemed to be outstanding.

7. Substantial Transactions Requiring Consent of Senes A Preferred Stock. In
addition to Section 3 and any vote which any series of Preferred Stock may have under

applicable law, so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, the
Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or wnitten consent of the
holders of not less than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
voting together as a class:

13 ATLANTA:4372672.2
FROM (THU) 12. 20° 01 11:31/87T. 11:25/N0. 4861863511 P 15

(a) Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquirc for value (or pay into or set aside
for a sinking fund for such purposes) any shares of Preferred Stock other than in accordance with
Section 6 hereof,

(b) Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a
sinking fund for such purposes) the Common Stock provided however that this restriction shall
not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors,
consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant
to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at cost or at
cost plus interest at a rate not to exceed nine percent (9%) per annum upon the occurrence of
cerlain events, such as the termination of employment, provided further, however, that the total
amount applied to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock shall not exceed $100,000 during
any twelve (12) month period;

(c) Authorize any amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws
that would adversely affect the nghts of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock;

(d) Authorize, create, or issue, or obligate itself to issue, sccurities superior or
senior to, or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock;

(e) Authorize or effect any reclassification or other change of any stock, or
any recapitalization of the Corporation;

(f) Authorize or create a subsidiary of the Corporation;

(g) Permit any subsidiary to issue or sell, or obligate itself to issue or sell,
except to the Corporation or any wholly owned subsidiary, any stock of such subsidiary;

(nh) Authorize or effect any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any
of its subsidiaries with or into any other corporation or entity;

(i) Authorize or effect the sale, lease, assignment, transfer or other
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets or equity of the Corporation or its subsidiaries;

(j) Pay dividends on or make other distributions with respect to any securiti¢s
other than Series A Preferred Stack:

(k) Increase or decrease the maximum or minimum number of directors that
may constitute the Board of Directors;

(1) Amend, alter or repeal the preferences, special nghts or other power of the
Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the Series A Preferred Stock;

(m) Increase the number of authorized Series A Preferred Stock,

(n) Increase or decrease (other than by redemption or conversion permitted
pursuant to the articles) the total number of authonzed shares of Preferred Stock;

14 ATLANTA:4372672.2
FROM (THU) 12. 20° 01 11:31/87T. 11:25/N0. 4861863511 P 16

(0) Incur any debt for borrowed money, except for bank loans, loans from
institutional or other third party lenders, equipment leases and similar agreements in the ordinary
and usual course of business exceeding $250,000 in the aggregate;

(p) Make any loans to or investments in, or guaranteeing the indebtedness of
any partially owned subsidiaries, joint ventures, or partnerships; and

(q) Effect any liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization or winding up of the
Corporation.

8. Certain Preemptive Rights. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a certain
Investors’ Rights Agreement between the Corporation and certain of its stockholders, certain
holders of Series A Preferred Stock are each granted a right of first refusal to purchase its pro
rata share of any new securities (subject to certain exceptions) that the Corporation may, from
time to time, propose to issue or sell. Such nght of first refusal shall terminate and be of no
further force or effect: (a) as to all such holders, upon and following the closing of a Qualified
Public Offering and (b) as to each such holder, upon and following the date on which such holder
no longer holds at least two-thirds of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (including the shares
of Common Stock upon conversion thereof) initially purchased by such holder from the
Corporation.

FIFTH: The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the By-
Laws.

SIXTH: Any action which may be taken at an annual or special meeting of the
stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and
without a vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be
signed by the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation
entitled to be voted al a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon are present and voted
and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office, its principal place of
business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which
proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation's
registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. This
Article Sixth may only be altered, amended, or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally with
respect to a resolution to amend the certificate of incorporation.

SEVENTH: The Corporation shall to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same may be amended and
supplemented, or by any successor thereto, indemnify any and all persons whom it shall have
power to indemnify under said Section from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities or
other matters referred to in or covered by said Section. The Corporation shall advance expenses
to the fullest extent permitted by said Section. Such right to indemnification and advancement of
expenses shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent
and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. The
indemnification and advancement of expenses provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other nghts to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenscs may be

15 ATLANTA:4372672.2
FROM

(THU) 12. 20° 04 11:32/87. 11:25/NO. 4861863511 P 17

entitled under any By-law, agreement, vote or stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise.

EIGHTH: To the fullest extent that the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as it exists on the date hereof or as it may hereafter be amended, permits the limitation
or elimination of the liability of directors, no person serving as a director of the Corporation shall
be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director, provided, however, that the foregoing shall not climinate or limit the
hability of a director (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its
stockholders, (11) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct
or a knowing violation of law, (ili) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Neither
the amendment or repeal of this Article Eighth nor the adoption of any provision of this
Certification of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article shall adversely affect any right or
protection existing under this Article at the time of such amendment or repeal.

16 ATLANTA:4372672.2
FROM (THU) 12. 20° 01 11:32/8T. 11:25/N0. 4861863511 P 18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and |
Certificate of i i i woh nad
Ce eon Poration to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer as of the 19th day

ACUFOCUS, INC,

| wy al be?

Chief Executive Officer and Pregident
