STATE OF DELAWARE

FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:41/8T. 14: ak OF 64areP 7

DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS
FILED 11:15 AM 10/29/2002
020666043 — 3455237

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATON
OF
ACUFOCUS, INC.

AcuFoeus, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Corporation’), hereby certifies as follows:

1. The name of the Corporation is AcuFocus, Inc.

2. The Corporation was originally incorporated and the original Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of the State of
Delaware on November 8, 2001 under the name AcuFocus, Inc.

3. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 141(f), 242, 245 and 228 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the written consent of the
Corporation’s Board of Directors and its stockholders. This Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates, integrates, amends and supersedes
the provisions of the Amended and Certificate of Incorporation of the
Corporation.

4. The text of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby
restated and amended to read in its entirety as follows:

FIRST: The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the “Corporation”) is: AcuFocus,
Inc.

SECOND: The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is:
9 East Loockerman Street, Dover, Delaware 19901, County of Kent. The registered agent in
charge thereof is National Registered Agents, Inc.

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

FOURTH: The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall
have authority to issue is Twenty-Five Million Nine Hundred Forty-Two Thousand Four
Hundred Eighty-Two (25,942,482) shares, of which: (i) Fifteen Million Eight Ilundred Sixteen
Thousand Two Hundred Forty-One (15,816,241) shall be designated shares of common stock,
$0.0001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”), and (ii) Ten Million One Hundred Twenty-
Six Thousand Two Hundred Forty-One (10,126,241) shall be designated shares of preferred
stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the “Preferred Stock”). Of the shares of designated Preferred
Stock, Two Million Four Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty-Seven (2,466,667)
shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A Convertible Preferred Stock” (the “Series

ATLANTA‘4485964.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:42/8T. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 3

A Preferred Stock”), and Seven Million Six Hundred Fifty-Nine Thousand Five Hundred
Seventy-Four (7,659,574) shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock” (the “Series B Preferred Stock”). The Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B
Preferred Stock are sometimes collectively referred to as the “Preferred Stock.”

The following is a statement of the designations and the powers, privileges and rights,
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect of each class of capital stock
of the Corporation.

A. COMMON STOCK

1. General. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the
Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock as
may be designated by the Board of Directors upon any issuance of the Preferred Stock of any
series,

2. Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share
of Common Stock held at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of meetings).
There shall be no cumulative voting, |

3. Number of Shares. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be
increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote,
irespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

4. Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock from
funds lawfully available therefor if, as and when determined by the Board of Directors and
subject to any preferential dividend rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock.

5. Liquidation. Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, subject to any preferential rights of any
then outstanding Preferred Stock.

B. PREFERRED STOCK.

1. Dividends. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, in
preference to the holders of the Junior Stock (as defined in Section 2(a) below), out of funds
legally available therefor, if, as and when declared by the Corporation’s Board of Directors,
dividends annually at a rate equal to the greater of (1) eight percent (8%) per annum and (ii) the
dividends payable on the Common Stock on a Pari passu, as converted basis (the “Dividend
Rate"). Such dividends on each share of Preferred Stock shall be payable in cash at the Dividend
Rate on the purchase price paid to the Corporation by the initial holder of each such share.
Unless all declared dividends on the Preferred Stock shall have been paid or a sum sufficient for
the payment thereof set apart, no dividend shall be paid or declared, and no distribution shall be
made, on any Junior Stock and no redemption of any Junior Stock shall occur. Except as
otherwise provided herein, if at any time the Corporation pays less than the total amount of
dividends then declarcd but unpaid with respect to the Preferred Stock, such payment shall be

2
ATLANTA:4485964.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:42/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 4

distributed ratably among the holders of Preferred Stock based upon the aggregate number of
shares of Preferred Stock held by each such holder. Upon any conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock, all rights to such preferential dividends on such shares shall terminate.

2. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

(a) In the cvent of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be
entitled to be paid out of the assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders, before any Payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock or any other
class or serics of stock ranking on liquidation junior to the Preferred Stock (such Common Stock
and other stock being collectively referred to as “Junior Stock”) by reason of their ownership
thereof, the amount determined pursuant to subsections (b), (c), (d) or (e) below as applicable
(with all per share calculations required in this Section 2 subject to appropriate adjustment in the
event of any stock dividend, stock Split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting
such shares), plus any dividends declared but unpaid on such shares, based on a per share amount
(the “Initial Calculation”) determined by dividing the value of such asscts and funds of the
Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders by the total number of shares of
Common Stock then outstanding, calculated in all cases assuming conversion of all Preferred
Stock into Common Stock.

(b) __If the Initial Calculation is greater than or equal to $2.35 per share (two
times $1.175, the original purchase price per share of the Serics B Preferred Stock), then the total
amount of assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders (such
total amount, the “Total Distributable Amount’) shall be distributed among the holders of shares
of Preferred Stock, Common Stock and any other class or series of stock entitled to participate in
liquidation distributions with the holders of Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of
shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion into Common Stock of all such
shares of Preferred Stock).

(c) IF the Initial Calculation is less than $1.50 per share (two times $0.75, the
original purchase price per share of the Series A Preferred Stock), then the holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock shall receive the Series A Distribution Amount (as defined below) and the
holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall receive the Series B Distribution Amount (as
defined below), up to a maximum amount per share equal to the original purchase price per share
paid to the Corporation by the initial holders of each of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock therefor ($0.75 per share for shares of Series A Preferred Stock and $1.175 per
share for shares of Series B Preferred Stock) ), pro rata based on the number of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock held by each such holder (assuming conversion
into Common Stock of all such shares of Preferred Stock):

“Series A Distribution Amount” = TDA x Al x A2
(Al x A2)+(B1x B2)

“Series B Distribution Amount” = TDA x Bl x B2

3
ATLANTA:4485064.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29° 02 11:42/8T. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 5

(Al x A2) + (BI x B2)
For purposes of the foregoing formulas and the formulas in subsection (d)(x) below:
TDA = Total Distributable Amount

Al= Number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding (assuming conversion
into Common Stock of all such shares of Series A Preferred Stock)

A2 = $.75, which is the original purchase price per share of Series A Preferred Stock

Bl= Number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding (assuming conversion
into Common Stock of all such shares of Serics B Preferred Stock)

B2= $1.175, which is the original purchase price per share of Series B Preferred Stock

Thereafter the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Preferred Stock, Common Stock

holders of Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by
each such holder (assuming conversion into Common Stock of all such shares of Preferred
Stock).

(4) If the Initial Calculation is (i) greater than or equal to $1.50 per share (two
times $0.75, the original purchase price per share of the Series A Preferred Stock) and (11) less
than $2.35 per share (two times $1.175, the original purchase price per share of the Serics B
Preferred Stock), then the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall receive the Series A
Distribution Amount and the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall receive the Series B
Distribution Amount, up to 4 Maximum arnount per share equal to the original purchase price per
share paid to the Corporation by the initial holders of each of the Series A Pretcrred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock therefor ($0.75 per share for shares of Series A Preferred Stock and

(x) first, among the holders of shares of Preferred Stock, Common
Stock and any other class or series of stock entitled to participate in liquidation distributions with
the holders of Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by
cach such holder (assuming conversion into Common Stock of all such shares of Preferred
Stock); provided that such amount collectively distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock
(the “Remaining Preferred Amount”) shall be allocated follows: the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall receive the Series A Remaining Amount (as defined below) and the holders
of the Series B Preferred Stock shall teceive the Series B Remaining Amount (as defined below),
up to a maximum amount per share (including all amounts received by a holder of a share of
Preferred Stock pursuant to this subsection (d)) equal to twice the original purchase price per

ATLANTA:4485964.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29° 02 11:43/8T. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 6

share paid to the Corporation by the initial holders of each of the Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock therefor ($1.50 per share for shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
$2.35 per share for shares of Series B Preferred Stock), pro rata based on the number of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock held by cach such holder (assuming
conversion into Common Stock of all such shares of Preferred Stock).

“Series A Remaining Amount” = Remaining Preferred Amount x Al x A2
(Al x A2) +(B1 x B2)

“Series B Remaining Amount” = Remaining Preferred Amount x Bl x B2
(Al x A2)+(Bi x B2)

(y) next, any remaining assets and funds of the Corporation available
for distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Common
Stock and any other class or serics of stock (excluding the Preferred Stock) entitled to participate
in liquidation distributions with the holders of Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of
shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion into Common Stock of all such
shares of any other class or series of stock),

(e) If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or Winding up of the Corporation,
the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be
insufficient to pay to each of the holders of Preferred Stock an amount at least equal to the
original purchase price paid to the Corporation by the initial holder of such Preferred Stock, then
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall receive the Series A Distribution Amount and
the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall receive the Series B Distribution Amount, pro
rata based on the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock
held by each such holder (assuming conversion into Common Stock of all such shares of
Preferred Stock).

(f) In the event of any merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with
another corporation (except one in which the holders of capital stock of the Corporation
immediately prior to such Merger Of consolidation continue to hold at least seventy percent
(70%) by voting power of the capital stock of the surviving corporation), or the sale of all or
substantially all the assets of the Corporation, if the holders of at least fifty percent (50%) of the
then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock so elect by giving written notice thereof to the

consolidation) or all consideration payable to the Corporation, together with all other available
assets of the Corporation (in the case of an asset sale), shall be distributed to the holders of
capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 2(a) through 2(€) above. The
Corporation shal] promptly provide to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock such information
concerning the terms of such merger, consolidation or asset sale and the value of the assets of ihe
Corporation as may reasonably be requested by the holders of Preferred Stock in order to assist
thein in determining whether to make such an election. If the holders of the Preferred Stock
make such an clection, the Corporation shail use its best efforts to amend the agreement or plan

>
ATLANTA:4485964.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:43/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 7

of merger or consolidation to adjust the rate at which the shares of capital stock of the
Corporation are converted into or exchanged for cash, new securities or other property to give

any such merger or consolidation shall be the cash or the value of the property, rights or
securities distributed to such holders by the acquiring person, firm or other cntity. The value of
such property, nights or other securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation. Tf no notice of the election permitted by this Section 2(f) is given,
the provisions of Section 4(i) below shall apply.

3. Voting. Each holder of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall he entitled to
the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the
sharcs of Preferred Stock held by such holder are then convertible (as adjusted from time to time

stock, holders of Preferred Stock and of any other outstanding series of preferred stock shall vote
together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class.

4. Optional Conversion.

“Original Issue Price” shall be $0.75 per share for the Series A Preferred Stock and $1.175 per
share for the Series B Preferred Stock. The initial “Conversion Price” shall be $0.75 per share
for the Series A Preferred Stock and $1.175 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock. Such
initial Conversion Price, and the rate at which shares of Preferred Stock may be converted into
shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided below.

redemption price is not paid when due, in which case the conversion rights for such shares shall
continue until such price is paid in full. In the event of a liquidation of the Corporation, the
conversion rights shall terminate at the close of business on the first full day immediately
preceding the date fixed for the payment of any amounts distributable on hquidation to the
holders of Preferred Stock.

would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay to such holder an amount equal to such
fraction multiplied by the then cffective Conversion Price,

(Cc) Mechanics of Conversion,

ATLANTA:4485964.4
MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29° 02 11:44/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 8
FROM

(i) If'a holder of Preferred Stock elects to convert shares of Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to subsection (a) above, such holder shal! surrender
the certificates or certificates for such shares of Preferred Stock at the Principal office of the
Corporation together with written notice that such holder elects to convert all or any number of
the shares of the Preferred Stock represented by such certificate or certificates. Such notice shall
state such holder’s name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued and the effective date of the
conversion (the “Conversion Date”), which may be any date within the 60-day period following
the date on which such notice is received by the Corporation. If required by the Corporation,
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument
Or instruments of transfer, in form Satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the
registered holder or such holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing. The converting holder

shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled, together with payment in lieu of
any fraction of a share pursuant to Section 4(b) above,

(i) The Corporation shall at all times when the Preferred Stock shal]
be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued stock, for the
purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred Stock, such number of iis duly authorized

Upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary
in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and honassessable shares of
Common Stock at such adjusted Conversion Price.

(i) Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the Conversion Price
shall be made for any declared or accrued but unpaid dividends on the Preferred Stock
surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon conversion,

(iv) On the Conversion Date, all shares of Preferred Stock which shali
have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be deemed to be
outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares, including the Tights, if any, to receive

(v) The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes (other
than taxes based on income) that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4. The

7

ATLANTA:4485964.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:44/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 9

Corporation shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfcr involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other
than that in which the sharcs of Preferred Stock so converted were registered, and no such
issuance or delivery shall be made unless and until the person or entity requesting such issuance
has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of
the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

(d) Adjustment for Dilution, If at any time after the date of the filing of this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware (the “Filing Date”), the Corporation shall issue any shares of Common Stock, or shall
issue any Common Stock Equivalents (as hereinafter defined), for a consideration per share less
than the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents, the Conversion Price of such share of Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to each such issuance shall be decreased to the amount determined in
accordance with the following formula:

Conversion Price = (Pl x O1)+(P2 x Q2)
Q1+Q2

For purposes of the foregoing formula:
PI= Conversion Pricc in effect immediately prior to such issuance.

Ql = Number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (in accordance with
subparagraph (vi) below) immediately prior to such issuance.

P2= Average price per share received by the Corporation upon such issuance
(determined in accordance with subparagraphs (iii) and (vi) below),

Q2= Number of shares of Common Stock issued or sold, or deemed to have been
issued or sold (in accordance with subparagraph (vi) below) upon such issuance.

For purpose of any adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4(d), the
following provisions shall be applicable:

(i) “Common Stock Equivalents” means any stock or security
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock and any right, warrant or
option to acquire Common Stock or any such convertible, exercisable or exchangeable security.

(1) The per share consideration for the sale or issuance of Common
Stock shall be the price per share received by the Corporation before payment of commissions,
discounts and other expenses. The value of any non-cash consideration received or receivable
upon the sale or issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents shall be determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(iii) In the case of the sale or issuance of Common Stock Equivalents,
the per share consideration shall he determined by dividing the maximum number of shares of

ATLANTA:4485964.4
FROM MNA&T

(TUE) 10. 29°02 11:45/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 10

(iv) If any Common Stock Equivalents included in adjustments under

this Section 4(d) expire or terminate without the Common Stock to which they related having
been issued, the Conversion Price shall be readjusted to eliminate the effect of the assumed

subsequent decreases in the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable, then, upon any such
increase or decrease, the Conversion Price shall be appropriately readjusted to the extent such
Common Stock Equivalents have not then expired or been exercised or converted, The
aggregate increase in the Conversion Price caused by all such readjustments shal] not exceed the
decrease in Conversion Price made upon the issuance of the Common Stock Equivalents to
which such readjustments relates. If any Common Stock Equivalents by their terms provide for
subsequent decreases in the additional consideration payable for the related Common Stock or
for subsequent incrcases in ihe number of shares of Common Stock obtainable, then, upon any
such decrease or increase, the Conversion Price shall be appropniately adjusted to the extent such
Common Stock Equivalents have not then expired or been cxercised or converted.

(v) In case the Corporation shall declare a dividend or make any other

distribution upon any stock of the Corporation payable in Common Stock or Common Stock

such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents shall be deemed to have been

issued or sold without consideration as of the earlier of the telated record or payment date.

(vi) The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any point

in time shall include all shares then issuable or to become issuable pursuant to any Common
Stock Equivalent then issued or to be issued.

(vii) The following issuances of Common Stock or Common Stock

Equivalents shall be excluded from the adjustment of the Conversion Price under this Section
4(d): (1) any dividend or distribution on any Preferred Stock; (2) any stock for which adjustment
of the Conversion Price is made pursuant to Sections 4(e), 4(f), 4(g) or 4(h) below; (3) securities
offered by the Corporation to the public in a Qualified Public Offering (as defined in Section 5(a)
below); (4) securities reissued to directors, employces, or consultants following the
Corporation’s acquisition of such sccurities pursuant to restnicted stock arrangements with

individuals who have lerminated their relationship with the Corporation or shares subject to

are not exercised; (5) securities issued solely in consideration for the acquisition or licensing of
technology (including, without limitation, sponsored research) by the Corporation or to a
collaborative partner of the Corporation in connection with a corporate partnering transaction, if
approved by the Board of Directors; (6) securities Issued pursuant to any nght or agreement to
the extent to which an adjustment was previously made to the Conversion Price established by
this Section 4 with respect to the initial sale or grant by the Corporation of such Tight or

9

ATLANTA:4485964.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:45/8T. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 11

agreement; (7) all securities issued or issuable pursuant to warrants outstanding on the Filing
Date; (8) shares of Common Stock (“Option Shares”) issued or issuable upon exercise of stock
options (“Options”) granted to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Corporation
under the Corporation’s 2002 Incentive and Non-Incentive Stock Option Plan (the “Plan’)
approved by the Board of Directors and adopted by the stockholders, whether previously existing
or granted after the Filing Date, each of which Options has a per share exercise price that is not
less than the por share fair markct value of the Common Stock on the date of the Option grant,
and which number of Option Shares does not exceed an aggregate of 1,100,000 shares of
Common Stock, and (9) up to 135,000 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance to medical
advisors, consultants and employees,

(c) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation shall at

any time or from time to time after the Filing Date effect a subdivision of the outstanding
Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect immediately before that subdivision shal] be
proportionately decreased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the
Filing Date effect a subdivision of the Preferred Stock, the Conversion Price with respect to the
Preferred Stock then in effect immediately before that subdivision shall bc proportionately
increased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date combine
ihe outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect immediately before
the combination shall be proportionately increased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from
time to time after the Filing Date combine the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the
Conversion Price with respect to the Preferred Stock then in effect immediately before the
combination shall be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this paragraph sha]!
become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes
effective.

(f) Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time, or from lime to time after the Filing Date shall make or issue, or fix a
record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then and in each such event the
Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such
issuance or, in the cvent such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on

such record date, by multi plying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

(1) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such
issuance or the close of business on such record date, and

(2) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such
issuance or the close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution;

provided, however, if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid
or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Conversion Price for the
Preferred Stock shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date
and thereafter the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock shall be adjusted pursuant to this

10
ATLANTA:4485964.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:45/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 12

paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends or distributions; and provided
further, however, that no such adjustment shall be made if the holders of Preferred Stock
simultancously receive a dividend or other distribution of shares of Common Stock in a number
equal to the number of shares of Common Stock as they would have received if all outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

(gz) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date shall make or issue, or fix a
record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to reccive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in securities of the Corporation other than shares of Common Stock,
then and in cach such event provision shali be made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock

the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock: and provided further, however, that no such
adjustment shall be made if the holders of Preferred Stock simultaneously receive a dividend or
other distribution of such securities in an amount equal to the amount of such securitics as they
would have received if al] outstanding shares of Preferred Stock had been converted into
Common Stock on the date of such event.

(h) —_ Adjustment_for Reclassification Exchange, or Substitution. Jf the
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the

Stock might have been converted immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification, or
change, ail subject to further adjustment as ptovided herein.

(i) Adjustment for Merger or Reor anization. In case of any consolidation or
merger of the Corporation with or into another corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation to another corporation (other than a consolidation, merger or sale
which ts covered by Section 2(f) above), each share of Preferred Stock shall thereafter be
convertible (or shall be converted into a security which shall be convertible) into the kind and
amount of shares of stock or other securities or property to which a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock

ll

ATLANTA:4485964.4
FROM MNA&T

(TUE) 10. 29°02 11:46/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 13

Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as Teasonably may be, in relation to
any shares of stock or other Property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock.

No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its

()

Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation, but wil] at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be neccssary ur
appropnate in ordcr to protect the nights of the holders of the Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 4 against impairment,

(k) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or

readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense

hall promptly compute such adjustment or Teadjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and

Ky

furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a ceftificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time (but not more than twice in
any 12 month period) of any holder of shares representing at least 5% of the authorized number
of shares of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a similar certificate

5. Mandatory Conversion,

(a) Upon the closing (the “Mandatory Conversion Date”) of the sale by the

Corporation of shares of Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering
pursuant to an cffective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
through a firm acceptable to the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a price per share of
Common Stock equal to at least two times the Conversion Price then applicable to the Series B
Preferred Stock (with such Conversion Price for this purpose initially equal to $1.175)
(appropriately adjusted to reflect the Occurrence of any event described in Section 4) and
resulting in at least $15,000,000 of gross Proceeds to the Corporation (before deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses) (a “Qualified Public Offering”),
all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shal] automatically be converted into shares of
Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price.

(>) All holders of record of shares of Preferred Stock will be given ten (10)

business days prior written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Date and the place designated
for mandatory conversion of all such shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5. Such
notice shall be sent both by facsimile transmission (if a facsimile number has been provided and
is operational) and by first class or registered mail, postage prepaid, to each record holder of

Corporation for the Preferred Stock. Upon receipt of such notice, cach holder of shares of
Preferred Stock shall surrender his, her or its certificate or certificates for all such Shares to the

12
ATLANTA :4485964.4
ROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:46/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 14
F

Corporation
number of shures of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled pursuant to this Section 5.
On the Mandatory Conversion Date, all rights with respect to the Preferred Stock so converted,
including the rights, if any, to receive notices and vote, will terminate, except only the rights of
the holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor, to receive
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock has been

need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized Preferred Stock
accordingly,

6. Redemption Event.

(a) The Corporation will, subject to the conditions set forth below, on
December 14, 2007 and on each of the first and second anniversaries thereof (each such date
being referred to hereinafter as a “Redemption Date”), upon receipt of written request(s) (an
“Initial Redemption Request”) for redemption not Jess than thirty (30) days prior to the

dividend, stock Split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares, plus any
dividends declared or accrued but unpaid thereon (the “Redemption Price”), the following
respective portions of the number of shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder on the
applicable Redemption Date:

13
ATLANTA-4485064.4
M MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:4 7/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 15
FRO

Portion of Shares of Preferred

Redemption Date Stock to be Redeemed
December 14, 2007 33 13%
December 14, 2008 66 2/3%
December 14, 2009 100%

sufficient to redeem all shares of Preferred Stock required to be redeemed on such date. At any
time thercafter when additional funds of the Corporation become legally available for the
redemption of Preferred Stock, such funds will be used, at the end of the next succeeding fiscal
quarter, to redeem the balance of the shares which the Corporation was theretofore obligated to
redeem, ratably on the basis sct forth in the preceding sentence.

(c) The Corporation shal] Provide notice of its receipt of an Initial
Redemption Request, specifying the time, manner and place of redemption and the Redemption
Price (a “Redemption Notice”), by first class or registered mail, postage prepaid, to each holder
of record of the same series of Preferred Stock as the Initial Requesting Holders, at the address
for such holders last shown on the records of the transfer agent therefor (or the records of the
Corporation, if it serves as its own transfer agent), not less than twenty (20) days prior to thc
applicable Redemption Date. Each holder of record of the same series of Preferred Stock as the
Initial Requesting Holders may clect to become, together with each of the Initial Requesting
Holders, one of the “Requesting Holders” on such Redemption Date by so indicating in a written

any redemption pursuant to this Section 6, a new certificate will be issued representing the
unredcemed Preferred Stock without cost to the holder thereof,

(d) Unless there shall have been a default in payment of the applicable
Redemption Price, no share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to any dividends declared after its
Redemption Date, and on such Redemption Date all rights of the holder of such share as a
stockholder of the Corporation by reason of the ownership of such share will cease, except the
Tight to receive the applicable Redemption Price of such share, without interest, upon
presentation and surrender of the cert; ficate representing such share, and such share will not from
and after such Redemption Date be deemed to be outstanding.

14
ATLANTA:4485964.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:4 7/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 16

7. Substantial Transactions Re uirmg Consent of Investors. In addition to Section 3
and any vote which any serios of preferred stock may have under Delaware law, so long as any
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, the
Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or Written consent of the
holders of not less than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and Serics B Preferred Stock voting together as a single class:

(4) Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire for value (or pay into or set aside
for a sinking fund for such purposes) any shares of Preferred Stock other than in accordance with
Section 6 hereof:

(b) Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a
Sinking fund for such purposes) the Common Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall
not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors,
consultants or other persons performing setvices for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant
to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at cost or at
cost plus interest at a rate not to exceed nine percent (9%) per annum upon the occurrence of
certain cvents, such as the termination of employment, provided further, however, that the total
amount applied to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock shall not exceed $100,000 during
any twelve (12) month period;

(c) Authorize any amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws
that would adversely affect the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock;

(d) Authorize, create, or issue securities superior to, or on a parity with the
Preferred Stock:

(e) Authorize or effect any reclassification or other change of any stock or any
recapitalization of the Corporation;

(f) Authorize any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any
other corporation or entity;

(2) Authorize or effect the sale, lease, assignment, transfer or other
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets or equity of the Corporation:

(h) Pay dividends on or make other distributions with respect to any securities
other than Preferred Stock:

(i) Increase or decrease the maximum or minimum number of directors that
may constitute the Board of Directors;

(j) Amend, alter or repeal the Prefcrences, special rights or other powers of
the Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the Preferred Stock;

(k) Increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock;

15
ATLANTA:4485964.4
&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:48/87. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 17
FROM MNA

(1) Incur any debt for borrowed Money, except for bank loans, loans from
institutional or other third party lenders, equipment leases and similar agreements in the ordinary
and usual course of business not exceeding $250,000 in the aggregate;

(m) Make any loans to or investments in, or Suaranteeing the indebtedness of
any partially owned subsidiaries, joint ventures, or partnerships; and

(m) Effect any liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization or winding up of the
affairs of the Corporation.

further force or effect: (a) as to all such holders, upon and following the closing of a Qualified
Public Offering and (b) as to each such holder, upon and following the date on which such holder
no longer holds at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the shares of Preferred
Stock (including the shares of Common Stock upon conversion thereof) initially purchased by
such holder from the Corporation.

FIFTH: The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the By-
Laws,

SIXTH: Any action which may be taken at an annual or special meeting of the
stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and
without a vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be
signed by the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation

registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. This
Atticle Sixth may only be altered, amended, or repealed by the affirmative votc of the holders of
4 Majority or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally with
respect to a resolution to amend the certificate of incorporation.

SEVENTH: The Corporation shall to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the
Gencral Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same may be amended and
supplemented, or by any successor thereto, indemnify any and al] Persons whom it shall have

16

ATLANTA:4485964,4
NA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:48/8T. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 18
FROM M

entitled under any By-law, agreement, vote or stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise,

EIGHTH: To the fullest extent that the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as it exists on the date hereof or as it may hereafter be amended, permits the limitation
or elimination of the hability of directors, no person serving ag a director of the Corporation shall
be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director, provided, however, that the foregoing shall not eliminate or limit the
liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its
stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct

Certification of Mecorporation inconsistent with this Article shall adversely affect any right or
Protection existing under this Article at the time of such amendment or repeal.

1
ATILANTA;4485964.4
FROM MNA&T (TUE) 10. 29°02 11:48/8T. 11:38/NO. 4261916475 P 19

