LlLpRG) AL gt tes Se a i ND AEGIS i

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 10:14 PM 04/14/2004
FILED 08:48 PM 04/14/2004
SRV 040275169 - 3558901 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
ACUMEN MEDICAL, INC.

Acumen Medical, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the ‘‘Corporation”), certifies that:

A. The name of the Corporation is Acumen Medical, Inc. The Corporation’s original
Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August
15, 2002.

B. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and
restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Corporation’s Certificate of
Incorporation.

C. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is amended and restated to read as set forth
in EXHIBIT A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Acumen Medical, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Nicholas Mourlas, a duly authorized officer of the
Corporation, on April 14, 2004.

/s/ Nicholas Mourlas
Nicholas Mourlas
President & Chief Executive Officer

CAN Port bKPALIB2\CLEAW729271_2,.D0C

7
"FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 . (WED) 4. 14°04 22:16/ST. 22:13/NO. 4260103307 P 3

EXHIBIT A

ARTICLE]

The name of the corporation is Acumen Medical, Inc,

ARTICLE tI

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware,

ARTICLE Ii

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange
Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801, The name of the registered agent at such
address is The Corporation Trust Company,

ARTICLE IV

The total number of shares of stock that the corporation shall have authority to issue is
TWENTY EIGHT MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND (28,850,000), consisting of
TWENTY MILLION (20,000,000) shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, and
EIGHT MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND (8,850,000) shares of Preferred Stock,
30.001 par value per share. The first series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A
Preferred Stock” and shall consist of THREE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND
(3,850,000) shares, The second series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series B Preferred
Stock” and shall consist of FIVE MILLION SHARES (5,000,000) shares.

ARTICLE V
The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:
1. Definitions. For purposes of this Article V, the following definitions shall apply:
(a) “Conversion Price” shall mean $0.30 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock and $0.60 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment £ from time to time
for Recapitalizations and as otherwise set forth elsewhere herein).

(b) “Corporation” shall mean Acumen Medical, Inc.

CANTPortbNPALIB2\SJEW729271_ 2.LX0
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (WED) 4. 14°04 22:16/ST. 22:13/N0. 4260103307 P 4

(c) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(d) “Distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock
payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation for cash or
property other than: (i) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers,
directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment
of services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right,
(iit) repurchase of capital stock of the Corporation in connection with the settlement of disputes with
any stockholder, (iv) any other repurchase or redemption of capital stock of the Corporation
approved by the holders of the Common and Preferred Stock of the Corporation voting as separate
classes.

{e) “Dividend Rate” shall mean an amual rate of $0.02 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock and $0.04 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from
time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein).

(1) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $0,30 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock and $0.60 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from
time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein),

(g) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(bh) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0,30 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock and $0.60 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time
for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein),

(i) “Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock.

Q) “Kecapitalization” shall mean any stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event,

2. Dividends.

(a) Preferred Stock. In any calendar year, the holders of outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, when and as declared by the Board of
Directors, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor, at the Dividend Rate specified for
such shares of Preferred Stock payable in preference and priority to any declaration or payment of
any Distribution on Common Stock of the Corporation in such calendar year. No Distributions shall

CAN Porth\WPALIB2\JEN 29771 2.000 -2-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROUP § (WED) 4. 14°04 22:17/ST. 22:13/N0, 4260103307 P 4

be made with respect to the Common Stock until all declared dividends on the Preferred Stock have
been paid or set aside for payment to the Preferred Stock holders. Payment of any dividends to the
holders of the Preferred Stock shall be on a pro-rata, pari passu basis in proportion to the Dividend
Rates for each series of Preterred Stock. The right to receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock
shall not be curnulative, and no right to such dividends shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock by
reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared or paid in any calendar year.

(6) Common Stock. Dividends may be paid on the Common Stock as and when
declared by the Board of Dixectors, subject to the prior dividend rights of the Preferred Stock and to
Section 7 below.

(c) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this
Section 2 shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be deemed
10 be the fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(d) Consent to Certain Distributions As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the
California Corporations Code, Sections 502 and 503 of the Califomia Corporations Code shall not
apply with respect to payments made by the Corporation in connection with (i) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements
providing for the right of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by
employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights
of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such ‘right and (iii) repurchase of capital stock
of the Corporation in connection with the settlement of disputes in with any stockholder.

3. Liquidation Rights.

(2) Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation
to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share
for each share of Preferred Stock held by them equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Preferctice
specified for such share of Preferred Stock and (ii) all declared but unpaid dividends (if any) on such
share of Preferred Stock, If upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the
assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to the holders of the Preferred Stock are
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(a),
then the entire assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with
equal priority and pro rata among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts
they would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3(a).

(b) Shares not Treated as Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock in any

Distribution, Shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of Common
Stock in order to participate in any Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of Common

C:\NrPomtbNPALIECASIENI729271 2 CXC -3-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4736 GROUP 6 (WED). 4. 14° 04 22:1 7/ST. 22:13/NO. 4260103307 P 6

Stock, without first foregoing participation in the Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of
Preferred Stock.

(c) Reorganization, For purposes of this Section 3, a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, (a) the acquisition
of the Corporation by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions
(including, without limitation, any stock acquisition, reorganization, merger or consolidation but
excluding any sale of stock for capital raising purposes) other than a transaction or series of
transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately
prior to such transaction continus to retain (cither by such voting securities remaining outstanding or
by such voting securities being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), as a result of
shares in the Corporation held by such holders prior to such transaction, at least fifty percent (50%)
of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Corporation or such surviving
entity outstanding immediately after such transaction or series of transactions; (b) a sale, lease or
other conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation; or (c) any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary.

(d) ‘Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation
distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, cxeept that any publicly-traded securities to be
distributed to stockholders in a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be
valued as follows:

(i) If the securities are then traded on a national securities exchange or the
Nasdaq Stock Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value of the securities shall
he deemed to be 10 the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system
over the ten (10) trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the Distribution;

(ii) if the securities are actively traded. over-the-counter, then the value of
the securities shall be decmed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the ten
(10) trading day period ending five (5) wading days prior to the Distribution.

In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity, the
Distribution date shal] be deemed to be the date such transaction closes. For the purposes of this
subsection 3(d), “trading day” shall mean any day which the exchange or system on which the
securities to be distributed are traded is open and “closing prices” or “closing bid prices” shall be
decmed to be: (i) for securities traded primarily on the New York Stock Exchange, the American
Slock Exchange or Nasdaq, the last reported trade price or sale price, as the case may be, at 4:00
p.m., New York time, on that day and (il) for securities listed or traded on other exchanges, markets
and systems, the market price as of the end of the regular hours trading period that is generally
accepted as such for such exchange, market or system. If, after the date hereof, the benchmark times
generally accepted in the securities industry for determining the matKet price of a stock as of a given

CANrPortbI\PALIBASJEW729271_ 2. OC -4-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 (WED). 4. 14°04 22:18/ST. 22:13/NO. 4260103307 P 7

trading day shall change from those set forth above, the fair market value shall be determined as of
such other generally accepted benchmark times.

4, Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a)  Rightto Convert, Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid,
nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
relevant series by the Conversion Price for such series. (The number of shates of Common Stock
into which each share of Preferred Stock of a series may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the
“Conversion Rate” for each such series.) Upon any dectease or increase in the Conversion Price for
any series of Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the Conversion Rate for such series shall
be appropriately increased or decreased.

(b) utomatic Conversion, Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion
Rate for such share (i) immediately prior to the closing of a firm commitment underwritten initial
public offering filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act’), covering
the offcr and sale of the Corporation's Common Stack, provided that the offering price per share is
not less than three times the Original Issue Price (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) and the aggregate
gross proceeds to the Corporation are not less than $25,000,000, or (ii) upon the receipt by the
Corporation of a written request for such conversion from the holders of a majonty of the Preferred
Stock then outstanding, or, if later, the effective date for conversion specified in such requests (cach
of the events referred to in (i) and (ii) are referred to herein as an “Automatic Conversion Event’).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock, In heu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the
then fair market value of a Share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors. For
such purpose, all shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock shall be
aggregated, and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash. Before any
holder of Preferred Stock shail be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and
\o receive certificates thorefor, he shall either (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor,
duly cndorsed, at the officc of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or (B)
notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed
and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation te indemnify the Corporation from any loss
incurred by it in connection with such certificates, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at
such office that he clects to convert the same; provided, however, that on the date of an Automatic
Conversion Event, the outstanding shares of Prefered Stock shall be converted automatically
without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
teprescnting such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent; provided further,

C\NsPortbPALIB2\S7E0729271 2.DOC -5-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554936 GROUP 6 == (WED) 4. 14° 04 22:18/ST. 22:13/NO. 4260103307 P @

however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion Event unless either the certificates
evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as
provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have
been Jost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify
the Corporation from any loss incurred by itin connection with such certificates. On the date of the
occurrence of an Automatic Conversion Event, each holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock
shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion,
notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shaces of Preferred Stock shall not have been
surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that notice from the Corporation shall not have been
received by any holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock, or that the certificates evidencing such
shares of Common Stock shall not then be aetually delivered to such holder.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definition. For purposes of this paragraph 4(d), “Additional
Shares of Common” shal\ mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to paragraph
4(d)(i1), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the filing of these Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, other than:

(1) shares of Common Stock and options, warrants or other rights
to purchase Common Stock issued to employees, officers or directors of, or consultant or advisors to
the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to restricted stock purchase agreements, stock option
plans or similar arrangements (as adjusted for Recapitalizations), shares of or options, warrants or
other rights or purchase Common Stock net of any stock repurchases or expired or terminated

options pursuant to the terms of any option plan, restricted stock purchase agreement or similar
arrangement:

(2) shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise or
conversion of Options or Convertible Securities outstanding as of the date of the filing of the
Certificate of Incorporation or upon the exercise or conversion of Options ot Convertible Securities
counted against the limits set forth in sub-paragraph 4(d)(i)(2) above;

(3) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a dividend or
distribution on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to
paragraph 4(e), 4(f) or and 4(g) hereof;

(4) shares of Common Stock issued in a registered public offering
under the Securities Act pursuant to which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are
automatically converted into Common Stock pursuant to an Automatic Conversion Event;

(5) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the
acquisition of another corporation by the Corporation by merger, purchase of substantially all of the

CANsPortbMPALIB2\SJENI729271_2. DOC -6-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 (WED). 4. 14° 04 22: 18/ST. 22:13/NO. 4260103307 P 9

assets or other reorganization or to a joint venture agreement, provided, that such issuances are
approved by the Board of Directors: ,

(6) — shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to banks,
equipment lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing or commercial leasing
transaction approved by the Board of Directors;

(7) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
sponsored research, collaboration, technology license, development, OEM, marketing or other
similar agreements or strategic partnerships approved by the Board of Directors; and

(8) shares of Common Stock issued to suppliers or third party
service providers in connection with the provision of goods or services pursuant to transactions
approved by the Board of Directors;

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion
Price of a particular series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional
Shares of Common unless the consideration per share (as determined pursuant to paragraph 4(d){v))
for an Additional Share of Common issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the
Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, for such series of
Preferred Stock,

(iii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from. time to time after the date of the filing of this Certificate of
Incorporation shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the
determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible
Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto
without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities,
‘the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities or, in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options and the conversion or exchange of the underlying securities,
shall be deemed to have been issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall
have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, provided that in any such case in
which shares are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of any series of
Preferred Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of

Common Stock in connection with the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable to the
Corporation or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or
exchange thereof (other than a change pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of such Options or

CAM PonbIPALIBASIENI20271 ADOC | -7-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 . (WED) 4. 14°04 22:19/ST. 22:13/N0. 4260103307 P 10

Convertible Securities such as this Section 4(d) or pursuant to Recapitalization provisions of such
Options or Convertible Securities such as Sections 4(e), 4(£) and 4(g) hereof), the Conversion Price .
of each series of Preferred Stock and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall be recomputed
to reflect such change as if such change had been in effect as of the original issue thereof (or upon
the occurrence of the record date with respect thereto)

(3) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) above shall have the
effect of increasing the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock to an amount above the
Conversion Price that would have resulted from any other issuances of Additional Shares of
Common and any other adjustments provided for herein between the original adjustment date and
such readjustment date:

(4) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the
Conversion Price of each Series of Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue thereof (or
upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based
thereon shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

(a2) sin the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common issued were the shares of Common Stock, if
any, utually issucd upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options plus the consideration actually
received by the Corporation upon such exercise or for the issue of all such Convertible Securities
which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually
received by the Corporation pon such conversion or exchange, and

(b) in thecase of Options for Convertible Securities, only
the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of
issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of
Common deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been
received by the Corporation (determined pursuant to Section 4(d){(v)) upon the issue of the
Convertible Securities with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; and

(5) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in
the Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shal] be canceled as of the close of
business on such record date, and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this
paragraph 4(d)Gii) as of the actual date of their issuance,

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares
of Common, In the event this Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common (including
Additional Shares of Common deemed to be issued pursuant to paragraph 4(d)ciii)) without

CANTPortbN\PALIB2\5JE1272927 1_2,D0x -8-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 . (WED) 4 14° 04 22:19/ST. 22:13/10. 4260103307 P 11

consideration or for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price of a series of
Preferred Stock in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue, then, the Conversion
Price of the affected series of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a
price (calculated 10 the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction,
the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such issue plus the number of shares which the aggregate consideration received by the
Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common so issued would purchase at such
Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shell be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common
so issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be reduced at such time if
the atnount of such reduction would be less than $0.01, but any such amount shail be carried
forward, and a reduction will be made with respect fo such amount at the time of, and together with,
any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any other amounts go cartied
forward, equal $0.01 or more in the aggregate. For the purposes of this Subsection 4(d)(iv), all
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and
the exercise and/or conversion of any other outstanding Convertible Securities and all outstanding
Options shall be deemed to be outstanding.

{v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this subsection 4(d),
the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue (or deemed issue) of any Additional
Shares of Common shall be computed as follows:

(1)  Cashand Property. Such consideration shall:

(a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable discounts,
commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or ineurted by the Corporation for any underwriting or
otherwise in connection with such issuance;

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors; and

(c) inthe event Additional Shares of Common are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clanses
(a) and (b) above, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities, The consideration per
share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common deemed to have been issued
pursuant to paragraph 4(4)(iit) shall be determined by dividing

(x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the
Corporaiton as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the

C:ANPortb\PALIBNSIENI20271. 2. DOC -9-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (WED) 4. 14°04 22: 20/87. 22:13/N0. 4260103307 P {2

minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating
thereto, without regard to any provision corttained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as
set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a
subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities,

(e) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of'a
stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion
Price of each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall,
concurtently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased, In the event
the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a
lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to such
combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

(f) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. in the
event the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be subdivided (by
stock split, by payment of a stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of
Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the affected
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock or a scrivs of Preferred Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise)
into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and
Liquidation Preference of the affected series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such

combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased,

(s) Adjustments for Reclassification, Ex d Substitution, Subject to
Section 3 above (“Liquidation Rights’), if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or
classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a
subdivision or combination of shares provided for above), then, in any such event, in lieu of the
number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive
each holder of such Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such shares of Preferred
Stock into a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock which a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock immediately

CAN Porth PALIBAGIEN72927)_9 THC -10-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 (WED). 4. 14°04 22:20/ST. 22:13/NO. 4260103307 P 13

before that change would have been entitled to receive in such reorganization or reclassification, all
subject to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares.

(bh)  NoImpaiment. The Corporation will not through any reorganization, transfer
of assets, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek
to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of
this Section 4 and in the taking of all such artion as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 4h) shall prohibit the Corporation from
amending its Certificates of Incorporation with the requisite consent of its stockholders and the board
of directors.

(i) Certificate as to Adjustments, Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shal!
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish
to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holdet a like certificate setting forth () such adjustments and readjustments, (11) the
Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
Preferred Stock.

(j) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock
may be waived, either prospectively or retroactively and either generally or in a particular instance,
by the consent or vote of the holders of the majority of the outstanding shares of such series. Any
such waiver shall bind all future holders of shares of such series of Preferted Stock.

(k) Reseryation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion, The Corporation shall at all
Times reserve and keep available out of its authorized. but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, euch number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion
of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

5, Voting.

C:ANrPortbPAL(BA\S J6\2729271_2.D0C -ll-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 . (WED) 4. 14' 04 22:21/ST. 22:13/NO. 4260103307 P 14

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
requited by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together
and not as separate classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law, there
shall be no series voting.

(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred
Stock held by such holder could be converted as of the record date. The holders of shares of the
Preferred Stock shal] be entitled to vote on all matters on which the Common Stack shall be entitled
to vote. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted
and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into
which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be disregarded.

(d) Election of Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of five (5)
members, So long as at least 500,000 shares (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series A Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation's Bourd of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors. The holders
of Common Stook, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the
Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s
stockholders for the election of directors. Any additional members of the Corporation’s Board of

Directors shall be elected by the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class.

(e) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to
one vote for each share thereof held,

6. Amendments and Changes, As long as any of the Preferred Stock shal} be issued and
outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent as provided by law) of the holders of more than a majority of the outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock: .

(a) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Corporation if such action would adversely alter the rights, preferences, privileges or powers of, or
restrictions provided for the benefit of the Preferred Stock or any series thereof;

(b) —_incrcase or decrease (other than for decreases resulting from conversion of the
Preferred Stock) the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock or any series thereof:

CAN PortbNPALIB2SYEN2729271_2. DOL -4|2-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 — (WED) 4. 14°04 22:21/ST. 22:13/NO. 4260103307 P 15

(c) authorize or create (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or seties of
shares having rights, preferences or privileges with respect to dividends or payments upon
liquidation senior to or on a parity with any series of Preferred Stock:

(d) enter into any transaction or series of related transactions deemed to be a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation pursuant to Section 3(c) above.

(e) authorize a merger or sale of substantially all of the assets of the Corporation;
and

(f) voluntarily liquidate or dissolve.

7. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Article V to be given to the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder's address appearing on the books of
the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE Vil

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless a stockholder demands election by
written ballot at the meeiing and before voting begins or unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall
sO provide.

ARTICLE VI

The number of directors which constitute the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be
designated in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE IX

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors

of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

CANTPonbIWALIBUSIBZ7Z927 12.00 -13-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (WED) 4. 14°04 22:21/ST. 22:13/N0. 4260103307 P 16

ARTICLE X

1. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same
exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for a breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

2. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to bc made a party to an action or proceeding, whether crirainal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director, officer or employee of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation or serves or
served at any other enterprise as a director, officer or employee at the request of the Corporation or
any predecessor to the Corporation.

3. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article X, nor the adoption of any provision
of this Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article X, shall eliminate or
reduce the effect of this Article X, in respect of any matter occurring, or any action or proceeding
aceruing or arising or that, but for this Article X, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment,
repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE XI

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws
may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the
statutes) outside af the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to
time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

C:\NyPortbhP A L1B2\83272927 2. DGC -~ 14.
