State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 04:17 PM 09/17/2003
FILED 04:14 PM 09/17/2003
SRV 030600096 — 3661891 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
VISUS TECHNOLOGY, INC,

Robert Hull hereby certifies that:

ONE: The original name of this company is Visus Technology, Inc. and the date of
filing the original Certificate of Incorporation of this company with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware was May 21, 2003.

TWO: He is the duly elected and acting President of Visus Technology, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

THREE: The Certificate of Incorporation of this company is hereby amended and
restated to read as follows:

I.

The name of this company is Visus Technology, Inc. (the “Company” or the
“Corporation”).

lif

The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the registered
agent of the corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is Corporation Service
Company.

Ii.

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lewful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”).

Tv.

A. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the
Company is authorized to issue is seven million two hundred fifty thousand (7,250,000) shares,
five million (5,000,000) shares of which shall be Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) and two
million two hundred fifty thousand (2,250,000) shares of which shall be Preferred Stock (the
“Preferred Stock”). The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($0:001)

per share and the Common Stock shall have a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($0.001) per
share.

421800 v3/HN
91g_0$!.D0C l,

SEP-17-2083 13:00 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9881 P, 43/18

B. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Company (voting together on an
as-if-converted basis).

C. Two million two hundred fifty thousand (2,250,000) of the authorized shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series A Preferred Stock” (the “Series Preferred”).

D. The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters rejating to the
Series Preferred are as follows:

L DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

(a) Holders of Series Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors (the
“Board”), but only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of
eight percent (8%) of the Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding
share of Series Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof). Such
dividends shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board and shall be non-
cumulative.

(b) The “Original Issue Price” of the Series Preferred shall be one
dollar ($1.00).

(c) So long as any shares of Series Preferred are outstanding, the
Company shall not pay or declare any dividend, whether in cash or property, or make any other
distribution on the Common Stock, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for value any
shares of Common Stock until all dividends as set forth in Section 1(a) above on the Series
Preferred shall have been paid or declared and set apart, except for:

(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company, or

(ii) acquisitions of Common Stock in exercise of the
Company’s right of first refusal to repurchase such shares.

(d) _ In the event dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock, the
Company shall pay an additional dividend on all outstanding shares of Series Preferred in a per
share amount equal (on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set
aside for each share of Common Stock.

(e) The provisions of Sections l(c) and 1(d) shall not apply to a
dividend payable in Common Stock, or any repurchase of any outstanding securities of the
Company that is approved by (i) the Board and (ii) if such approval is required by Section 2(b) of
this Article IV, the Series Preferred.

421800 v3/HN
91g _031.DOC 2.
SEP-17-2005 13:80 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9801 P.44718

(f) The holders of the Series Preferred expressly waive their rights, if
any, as described in California General Corporation Law (“CGCL”) Code Sections 502, 503 and
506 as they relate to repurchases of shares of Common Stock upon termination of employment or
service as a consultant or director.

2. VOTING RIGHTS.

(a) General Rights. Each holder of shares of the Series Preferred
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such shares of Series Preferred could be converted (pursuant to Section 4 hereof)
immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or the effective
date of such written consent and shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights
and powers of the Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the bylaws of the Company. Except as otherwise provided herein or as required
by law, the Senes Preferred shall vote together with the Common Stock at any annual or special
meeting of the stockholders and not as a separate class, and may act by written consent in the
same manner as the Common Stock.

(b) Separate Vote of Series Preferred. In addition to any other vote
or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of
the outstanding Series Preferred shall be necessary for effecting or validating the following
actions (whether such actions are effected by amendment, merger, consolidation, reorganization
or otherwise):

(i) Any amendment, alteration, or repeal of any provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company (including any filing of a
Certificate of Designation and including such an amendment alteration or repeal effected by
merger, consolidation or other reorganization) that adversely alters or changes the voting or other
powers, preferences, or other special rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series Preferred;

(ii) | Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
shares of Preferred Stock;

(iii) Any authorization or any designation, whether by

reclassification or otherwise, of any new class or series of stock or any other securities
convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series
Preferred in right of redemption, liquidation preference, conversion, voting or dividends or any

increase in the authorized or designated number of any such new class or series:

(iv) Any redemption, repurchase, payment of dividends or other
distributions with respect to Common Stock (except for dividends paid in Common Stock or
acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company permitted by Section 1 hereof);

(vy) Any agreement by the Company or its stockholders
regarding (i) an Acquisition (as defined in Section 4(b)) or (ii) an Asset Transfer (as defined in
Section 4(b));

421800 v3/HN
91g. 03!.D0C 3.
SEP-17-2683 13:00 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9801 P.@5/18

(vi) Any increase or decrease in the number of shares of
Common Stock authorized for issuance under the Company’s 2003 Equity Incentive Plan (or any
similar successor stock purchase or stock option plans adopted by the Company) (the “Plan”);

(vii) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Company’s Board; or

(viii) Any sale or issuance of Series Preferred, except for the
issuance of Series A Preferred pursuant to that certain Senes A Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement dated on or about the date hereof.

(c}) Election of Board of Directors.

(i) The holders of Series Preferred, voting as a separate class,
shali be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office
such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such
directors;

(ii) the holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office
such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such
directors; and

(iii) the holders of Common Stock and Series Preferred, voting
together as 2 single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all remaining
members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(iv) No person entitled to vote at an election for directors may
cumulate votes to which such person is entitled, unless, at the time of such election, the
Company is subject to Section 2115 of the California General Corporation Law (“CGCL”).
During such time or times that the Company is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, every
stockholder entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate such stockholder’s votes
and give one (1) candidate a number of votes equal to the mumber of directors to be elected
multiplied by the number of votes to which such stockholder’s shares are otherwise entitled, or
distribute the stockholder’s votes on the same principle among as many candidates as' such
stockholder desires. No stockholder, however, shall be entitled to so cumulate such
stockholder’s votes unless (i) the names of such candidate or candidates have been placed in
nomination prior to the voting and (ii) the stockholder has given notice at the meeting, prior to
the voting, of such stockholder’s intention to cumulate such stockholder’s votes. If any
stockholder has given proper notice to cumulate votes, al] stockholders may curnulate their votes
for any candidates who have been properly placed in nomination. Under cumulative voting, the

42] 800 v3/HN
91g 031D0C 4.
SEP-17-2883 13:80 CT CORPORATION 923 287 Soul P,66/18

candidates receiving the highest number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, are
elected.

(v) — Removal. During such time or times that the Company is
subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, one or more directors may be removed from office at
any time without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote for that director as provided above; provided, however, that
unless the entire Board is removed, no individual director may be removed when the votes cast
against such director’s removal, or not consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient
to elect that director if voted cumulatively at an election which the same total number of votes
were cast (or, if such action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to vote were voted)
and the entire number of directors authorized at the time of such director’s most recent election
were then being elected.

3, LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

(a) Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company,
whether voluntary or mvoluntary (a “Liquidation Event”), before any distribution or payment
shall be made to the holders of any Common Stock, the holders of Series Preferred shall be
entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution, or the
consideration received in such transaction, for each share of Series Preferred held by them, an
amount per share of Series Preferred equal to the Orginal Issue Price plus all declared and
unpaid dividends on the Series Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividentis, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof). Hf,
upon any such liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, the assets of the Company (or the
consideration received in such transaction) shall be insufficient to make payment in full to all
holders of Series Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(a), then such
assets (or consideration) shall be distributed among the holders of Series Preferred at the time
outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be
respectively entitled.

(b) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series
Preferred as set forth in Section 3(a) above, the remaining assets of the Company legally
available for distribution in such Liquidation Event (or the consideration received in such
transaction), if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock.

4. ASSET TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding Section 3(a) above, solely for purposes of
determining the amount each holder of Series Preferred is entitled to receive with respect to an
Acquisition or Asset Transfer (as hereinafter defined), at the closing of any Acquisition or Asset
Transfer with respect to which amounts are to be legally distributed to the Company’s
stockholders and at each date after such closing on which additional amounts (such as. earnout
payments, escrow amounts or other contingent payments) are to be legally distnbuted to the
Company’s stockholders as a result of such Acquisition or Asset Transfer (each, a “Payment
Date”), each holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled to be paid, out of the assets of the

421800 v3/HN
91g_03!.DOC 5.
SEP-17-2803 13:00 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9801 P.8718

Company legally available for distribution (or the consideration received in such transaction) on
such Payment Date, an amount for each share of Series Preferred held upon the closing of such
Liquidation Event equal to: (a) the greater of the amount of cash, securities and other property to
which such holder would have been entitled (after taking into account the operation of this
Section 4(a) with respect to all series of Preferred Stock and treating the distributions to the
Company’s stockholders made upon such Payment Date and all prior Payment Dates as having
been made simultaneously upon the closing of the Acquisition or the Asset Transfer): (i)
pursuant to Section 3(a) above or (ii) if all shares of Series Preferred had converted to Common
Stock pursuant to Section 5 as of immediately prior to the closing of such Acquisition or Asset
Transfer; reduced by (b) the amount per share paid in the aggregate to such holder with respect to
such holder’s Series Preferred on all prior Payment Dates; provided, however, that the fair
market value of any non-cash consideration that may be distributed to the Company’s
stockholders on each Payment Date shall be determined at the date of the closing of the
Acquisition or Asset Transfer in accordance with Section 4(c).

(b) For the purposes of this Section 4: (i) “Acquisition” shall mean any
consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity or
person, or any other corporate reorganization, in which the stockholders of the Company
immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, own less than 50% of the
voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such consolidation, merger or
reorganization, provided that an Acquisition shall not include (x) any consolidation or merger
effected exclusively to change the domicile of the Company, (y) any consolidation or merger
with a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, or (2) any transaction or series of transactions
principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which the Company is the surviving
corporation; and (ii) “Asset Transfer” shall mean a sale, lease or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company.

(c) In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be
received is securities of a corporation or other property other than cash, its value will be deemed
its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

(A) If traded on a securities exchange or The Nasdaq
Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board and
derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq over a specified
time period;

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall
be based on a formula approved by the Board and derived from the closing bid or sales prices
(whichever is applicable) of such securities over a specified time period; and

(C) ‘If there is no active public market, the value shall be
the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board. vo,

421800 v3/HN
91g_031.DOC 6.
SEP-17-2063 13:1 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9801 P.48/18

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section A(¢){i) to
reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board.

5. CONVERSION RIGHTS.

The holders of the Series Preferred shall have the following nights with
respect to the conversion of the Series Preferred into shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion

Rights”):

(a) Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 5, any shares of Series Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be
converted at any time into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number
of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled upon
conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the “Series Preferred Conversion Rate”
then in effect (determined as provided in Section 5(b)) by the number of shares of Series
Preferred being converted.

(b) Series Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate in effect
at any time for conversion of the Series Preferred (the “Series Preferred Conversion Rate”) shall
be the quotient obtained by dividing the Original Issue Price of the Series Preferred by the
“Series Preferred Conversion Price,” caloulated as provided in Section 5(c).

(c) Series Preferred Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series Preferred shall initially be the Original Issue Price of the Series Preferred (the ‘Series
Preferred Conversion Price”), Such initial Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series Preferred
Conversion Price herein shall mean the Series Preferred Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(d) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series Preferred who
desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section5 shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Series Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Company at such
office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of shares of
Series Preferred being converted. Thereupon, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver at
such office to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder is entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient
funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock’s fair
market value determined by the Board as of the date of such conversion), any declared and
unpaid dividends on the shares of Series Preferred being converted and (ii) in cash (at the
Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of conversion) the
value of any fractional share of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any holder of Series
Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made at the close of business on the
date of such surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Series Preferred to be

421800 v3/HN
9p 03LDOC 7.

SEP-17-2883 13:41 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9841 P.69/18

converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock
on such date,

(ec) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If at any time
or from time to time after the date that the first share of Series Preferred is issued (the “Original
Issue Date”) the Company effects a subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock without a
corresponding subdivision of the Preferred Stock, the Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect
immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased. Conversely, if at any
time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date the Company combines the outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares without 2 corresponding combination
of the Preferred Stock, the Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before the
combination shal] be proportionately increased. Any adjustment under this Section 5(e) shall
become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes
effective.

(f) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions.
If at any ume or from time to time after the Original Issue Date the Company pays to holders of
Common Stock a dividend or other distribution in additional shares of Common Stock without a
corresponding dividend or other distribution to holders of Preferred Stock, the Series Preferred
Conversion Price that is then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance, as
provided below:

(i) The Scries Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted by
multiplying the Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction equal to:

(A) the numerator of which is the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance, and

(B) the denominator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution;

(ii) ‘If the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution, the Series
Preferred Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close of business on such record date and the
number of shares of Common Stock shall be calculated immediately prior to the close of
business on such record date: and

(iii) If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Series Preferred
Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date
and thereafter the Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section
5(f) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

421800 v3/HN
91g.03!.D0C g.

SEP-17-2685 13:41 CT CORPORATION 925 287 3001

(g) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, Substitution,
Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. If at any time or from time to time after the
Original Issue Date, the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series Preferred is
changed into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an Acquisition or
Asset Transfer as defined in Section 4 or a subdivision or combination of shares or stock
dividend or a reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets provided for elsewhere in
this Section 5), in any such event each holder of Series Preferred shall then have the nght but
shall have no obligation to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other
securities and property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation or other change by holders of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
into which such shares of Series Preferred could have been converted immediately prior to such
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or change, all subject to further
adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or property by the terms
thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section $ with respect to the rights of the holders of Series Preferred after the
capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including adjustment of the
Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares issuable upon
conversion of the Series Preferred) shall be applicable after that event and be as-nearly equivalent
as practicable.

(h) Sale of Additional Shares.

(i) If at any time or from time to time after the Onginal Issue
Date, the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this Section 5(h) to
have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined below), other than as
provided in Section 5(f) or 5(g) above (a “Qualifying Additional Issuance”), then and in each
such case the then existing Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted, as of the opening
of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a price determined by multiplying the Senes
Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale by a fraction
equal to:

(A) _ the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale, plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the Aggregate
Consideration (as defined below) received by the Company for the total number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such then-existing Series Preferred
Conversion Price, and

(B) the denominator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale plus the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.

For the purposes of the preceding sentence, and for the purposes of section 5(h)(i1) below,
the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the
sum of (A) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding, (B) the number of shares of

421800 v3/HN
91g_03!.DOC 9.

P.16/18
SEP-17-2863 13:41 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9881 P.11/18

Common Stock into which the then outstanding shares of Series Preferred could be converted if
fully converted on the day immediately preceding the given date, and (C) the number of shares of
Common Stock which could be obtained through the exercise or conversion of all other rights,
options and convertible securities outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given date,
but only to the extent the consideration to be paid upon the exercise, conversion or exchange pert
share of underlying Common Stock is less than or equal to the Effective Price for the Additional
Shares of Common Stock which has given rise to the Series Preferred Conversion Price
adjustment being calculated.

(if) | Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Series
Preferred Conversion Price be adjusted pursuant to Section 5(h)(i) above to a price that is above
the Original Issue Price (as adjusted for stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations
and the like). In the event that the Series Preferred Conversion Price would be adjusted pursuant
to Section 5(h){i) to a price that is greater than the Original Issue Price, then the Series Preferred
Conversion Price shall be deemed for the purposes of this Section 5 to be the Original Issue Price
(as adjusted for stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purpose of any calculations or subsequent adjustments
under Section S5(h)(i) as a result of the issuance of Additional Stock, the Series Preferred
Conversion Price shall be deemed to be equal to the Series Preferred Conversion Price as
previously calculated in connection with the most immediately preceding issuance of Additional
Stock and without giving regard to the prior sentence. No adjustment shall be made to the Series
Preferred Conversion Price in an amount less than one cent per share. Any adjustment otherwise
required by this Section 5(h) that is not required to be made due to the preceding sentence shall
be included in any subsequent adjustment to the Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(iii) | For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section 5(h), the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of
securities (the “Aggregate Consideration”) shall be defined as: (A) to the extent it consists of
cash, be computed at the net amount of cash received by the Company after deduction of any
underwriting or similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the
Company in connection with such issue or sale but without deduction of any expenses payable by
the Company, (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, be computed at the fair
value of that property as determined in good faith by the Board irrespective of any accounting
treatment, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities (as defined
below) or rights or options to purchase either Additional Shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or securities or other assets of
the Company for a consideration which covers both, be computed as the portion of the
consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board to be
allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or
options.

(iv) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this
Section Sth), if the Company issues or sells (x) Preferred Stock or other stock, options, warrants,
purchase nghts or other securities convertible into, Additional Shares of Common Stock (such
convertible stock or securities being herein referred to as “Convertible Securities”) or (y) nghts
or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and,

421800 v3/HIN
91g_03L.DOC 10,

SEP-17~208@3 13:01 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9861, P.12/18

(A) in the case of the adjustment required under Section S(h)(i), if the Effective Price of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock is less than the Series Preferred Conversion Price, or, (B) in
the case of the adjustment required under Section 5(h)(ii), if the Effective price of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock is greater than the Series Preferred Conversion Price, in
each case the Company shall be deemed to have issued at the time of the issuance of such nghts
or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number of Additional Shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have received as consideration for the
issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of the consideration, if any, received
by the Company for the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities plus:

(A) _ in the case of such rights or options, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such rights or
options; and .

(B) im the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion thereof (other
than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities);
provided that if the mmimum amounts of such consideration cannot be ascertained, but are a
function of antidilution or similar protective clauses, the Company shall be deemed to have
received the minimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses.

(C) ‘If the minimum amount of consideration payable to
the Company upon the exercise or conversion of nights, options or Convertible Securities is
reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events other than by
reason of antidifution adjustments, the Effective Price shall be recalculated using the figure to
which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced; provided further, that if the minimum
amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion of such rights,
options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price shall. be again
recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon
the exercise or conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities.

(@) No further adjustment of the Series Preferred
Conversion Price, as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities,
shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the
exercise of any such rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible Securities. If
any such rights or options or the conversion privilege represented by any such Convertible
Securities shall expire without having been exercised, the Series Preferred Conversion Price as
adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities shall be readyusted to
the Series Preferred Conversion Price which would have been in effect had a adjustment been
made on the basis that the only Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued were the
Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise of such rights
or options or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such Additional Shares of
Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the
Company upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Company
for the granting of all such rights or options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration
received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually converted, plus the

621800 v3/HN
916031.D0C 1.

SEP-17-2463 13:01 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9801 P.13/18

consideration, if any, actually received by the Company (other than by cancellation of Jiabilities
or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such Convertible
Securities, provided that such readjustment shall not apply to prior conversions of Series
Preferred.

(v) For the purpose of making any adjustment to the
Conversion Price of the Series Preferred required under this Section 5(h), “Additional Shares of
Common Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to
be issued pursuant to this Section 5(h) (including shares of Common Stock subsequently
reacquired or retired by the Company), other than: .

(A) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
the Series Preferred;

(B) up to 125,000 shares of Common Stock (the
“Option Pool”) (as such Option Pool may be increased from time to time by approval of the
Board of Directors and the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock as required by Section 2(6) hereof) issued to employees, officers or directors of, or
consultants or advisors to the Company or any subsidiary, pursuant to the Plan, or any additional
shares of Common Stock issued to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors
to the Company or any subsidiary, pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other
atrangements that are unanimously approved by the Board of Directors;

(C) — shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the
exercise of Convertible Securities outstanding as of the Original Issue Date;

@) = shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition, strategic
alliance or similar business combination approved by the Board;

(E) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement
or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board:

(F) any Equity Securities that are issued by the
Company pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
if upon the closing of such offering all of the outstanding shares of Series Preferred have been
converted to Common Stock either (i) at the election of the holders of such Preferred Stock as
provided in Section 5(a) hereof, or (ii) pursuant to the provisions for the automatic conversion of
such Series Preferred Stock as provided in Section 5(k) hereof;

(G) any Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued
in connection with strategic transactions involving the Company and other entities, including
(i) joint ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution arrangements or (ii) technology
transfer or development arrangements; provided that the issuance of shares therein has been

421800 V3/HIN
91 g_031.D0C 12.
SEP-17-2043 13:82 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9801 P.14718

approved by the Company’s Board and provided that the issuance of such shares is primarily for
purposes other than the raising of additional capital through an equity financing; and

(H) for purposes of the adjustment required by Section
S(h)(i) only, any Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued in any transaction in which
exemption from the adjustment required pursuant to Section 5(h)(i) hereof is approved by the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Series Preferred.

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (v) above shall
mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to
this Section 5(h). The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the
quotient determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued
or sold, or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company under this Section 5(h), into the
Aggregate Consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Company for such
issue under this Section 5(h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(vi) Jn the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Additional Issuance
(the “First Additional Issuance”), then in the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Additional Issuance
other than the First Additional Issuance pursuant to the same instruments as the First Additional
Issuance (a “Subsequent Additional Issuance”), then and in each such case upon a Subsequent
Additional Issuance the Tracking Conversion Price shall be reduced to the Series Preferred
Conversion Price that would have been in effect had the First Additional Issuance and each
Subsequent Additional Issuance all occurred on the closing date of the First Additional Issuance.

(i) Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or
readjustment of the Series Preferred Conversion Price for the number of shares of Common
Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of the Series Preferred, if the Series Preferred
is then convertible pursuant to this Section 5, the Company, at its expense, shall compute such
adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the provisions hereof and prepare a certificate
showing such adjustment or readjustment, and shal! mail such certificate, by first class mail,
postage prepaid, to each registered holder of Series Preferred at the holder’s address as shown in
the Company’s books. The certificate shal] set forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing
in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, including a statement of
(i) the consideration received or deemed to be received by the Company for any Additional
Shares of Common Stock issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold, (ii) the Series
Preferred Conversion Price at the time in effect, (iii) the mumber of Additional Shares of
Common Stock and (iv) the type and amount, if any, of other property which at the time would
be received upon conversion of the Series Preferred.

(j)} Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to recerve any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) any Acquisition (as defined
in Section4) or other capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or
recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any merger or consolidation of the Company

421800 v3/HN
91g_031.D0C 13.

SEP-17-2B8@35 13:82 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9861

with or into any other corporation, or any Asset Transfer (as defined in Section 4), or any
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the Company
shall mail to each holder of Series Preferred at Jeast ten (10) days prior to the record date
specified therein (or such shorter period approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
Series Preferred) a notice specifying (A) the date on which any such record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend or distribution and a description of such dividend or distribution,
(B) the date on which any such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer,
consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected to
become effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to be fixed as to when the holders of record of
Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock
(or other securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such Acquisition,
reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution,
liquidation or winding up.

(k) Automatic Conversion.

{i) Each share of Series Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective Series Preferred Conversion
Price, (A) at any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, or (B) immediately upon the closing of a firmly
underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the
Company in which the aggregate net cash proceeds to the Company (after underwriting
discounts, commissions and fees) are at least $20,000,000. Upon such automatic conversion, any
declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d).

(ii) Upon the occurrence of either of the events specified in
Section 5(k)(i) above, the outstanding shares of Series Preferred shall be converted automatically
without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Series
Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the
holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such
automatic conversion of the Series Preferred, the holders of Series Preferred shall surrender the
certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the
Series Preferred. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such holder promptly at such
office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series Preferred
surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any
declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d).

(i) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shail
be issued upon conversion of Series Preferred. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions

421800 V3/HN
91g_031.D0C 14.

P.15/18

SEP-17-2083 13:42 CT CORPOREAT ION 925 287 9801 P.16/18

thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series Preferred by a holder thereof
shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the
issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional
share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the Common Stock’s fair
market value (as determined by the Board) on the date of conversion.

(m) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company
shail at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series Preferred,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series Preferred. If at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, the Company will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(n) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4
shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party
to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal
business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five (5) days after
having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv)
one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifymg next day
delivery, with verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at
the address of such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

(0) Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to
the issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series Preferred,
excluding any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series
Preferred so converted were registered.

6. No REISSUANCE OF SERIES PREFERRED.

No shares or shares of Series Preferred acquired by the Company by reason of
redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.

Vv.

A. The lability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable law.

«BL The Company is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the CGCL) for breach of duty to the Company and its stockholders through bylaw
provisions or through agreements with the agents, or through stockholder resolutions, or

421800 v3/HN
lg 031,D0C 1S.

SEP-17-2683 13:62 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9881 P.17/18

otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the CGCL,
subject, at any time or times that the Company is subject to Section 21 15(b) of the CGCL, to the
limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the CGCL.

Cc. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

VI.

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Company,
and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Company, of its directors
and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Company
Shall be vested in its Board. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board
shall be fixed by the Board in the manner provided in the Bylaws, subject to any restrictions
which may be set forth in this Restated Certificate.

B. The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the
Bylaws of the Company. The stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal
the Bylaws of the Company; provided however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any
class or series of stock of the Company required by Jaw or by this Certificate of Incorporation,
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-
outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any
Provision of the Bylaws of the Company.

C. The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

Le

FOUR: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of the Company.

FIVE: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was approved by the
holders of the requisite number of shares of said corporation in accordance with Section: 228 of
the General Corporation Law. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL by the
stockholders of the Company.

42) 800 v3/HN
91g_03!.DOC 16.
SEP-17-2003 13:42 CT CORPORATION 925 287 9881 P.18/18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Visus Technology, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its President this 17" day of September 2003.

Visus TECHNOLOGY, INC.

Signature:
Robert §. Hull, President

421800 v3/HN
91g _031.D0C 17.

TOTAL P.18
