_ : rote : , (THU) 12. 20°07 18:34/ST. 18: 34/NO. 4863777840 P 2
FROM CT WILMINGTON TEAM 6 State of Delaware

secre of State

Division of Co. rations

Delivered 05:28 PM 12/20/2007
FILED 05:28 PM 12/20/2007

SRV 071350181 - 3661891 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

ADAPTIVE PLANNING, INC.

William A. Soward hereby certifies that:

. ONE: The date of filing the original Certificate of Incorporation of this company
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was May 21, 2003. The original name of this
company was Visus Technology, Inc.

TWO: He is the duly elected and acting President of Adaptive Planning, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

THREE: The Certificate of Incorporation of this company is hereby amended and
restated to read as follows:

I.
The name of this company is Adaptive Planning, Inc. (the “Company’”).
Il.

The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the
registered agent of the corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is Corporation
Service Company.

Il.

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”).

IV.

A. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the
Company is authorized to issue is ninety-five million six hundred twenty-six thousand three
hundred ninety-eight (95,626,398) shares, fifty-six million (56,000,000) shares of which shall be
Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) and thirty-nine million six hundred twenty-six thousand
three hundred ninety-eight (39,626,398) shares of which shall be Preferred Stock (the “Preferred
Stock”). The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($0.001) per share
and the Common Stock shal! have a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($0.001) per share.

B. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the

684182 v4/HN L.
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the capital stock of the Company (voting together
on an as-if-converted basis). irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL.

Cc, Four million five hundred seventy-five thousand eight hundred sixty-one
(4,575,861) of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series A Preferred
Stock”, seven million one hundred seventy-five thousand (7,175,000) of the authorized shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series B Preferred Stock”, twelve million eight hundred
seventy-five thousand five hundred thirty-seven (12,875,537) of the authorized shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series C Preferred Stock” and fifteen million
(15,000,000) of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series D
Preferred Stock”. The Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred
Stock and Series D Preferred Stock shall collectively be referred to as the “Series Preferred”.
The Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall
collectively be referred to as the “Junior Preferred”.

D. The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the
Series Preferred are as follows:

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

(a) Holders of Series D Preferred Stock, prior and in preference to the
holders of Junior Preferred and Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared
by the Board of Directors (the ““Board”), but only out of funds that are legally available therefor,
cash dividends at the rate of eight percent (8%) of the Original Issue Price (as defined below) of
the Series D Preferred Stock per annum on each outstanding share of Series D Preferred Stock
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with
respect to such shares after the filing date hereof). Such dividends shall be payable only when, as
and if declared by the Board and shall be non-cumulative.

(b) After the payment of the dividend to the holders of Series D
Preferred Stock as set forth in Section 1(a) above, holders of Junior Preferred, in preference to
the holders of Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board,
but only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of eight percent
(8%) of the applicable Original Issue Price per annum on each outstanding share of Junior
Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like
with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof). Such dividends shall be payable only
when, as and if declared by the Board and shal! be non-cumulative.

(c) The “Original Issue Price” of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be
$1.00 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and
the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof). The “Original Issue Price” of the
Series B Preferred Stock shall be $1.00 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date
hereof). The “Original Issue Price” of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be $0.5825 per share (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect
to such shares after the filing date hereof). The “Original Issue Price” of the Series D Preferred

684182 va/HN

Ww
Stock shall be $0.7234 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof).

(d) (i) So long as any shares of Series D Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Company shall not pay or declare any dividend, whether in cash or property, or
make any other distribution on the Junior Preferred or Common Stock, or purchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire for value any shares of Junior Preferred or Common Stock until all dividends
as set forth in Section 1(a) above on the Series D Preferred shall have been paid or declared and
set apart and (ii) so long as any shares of Junior Preferred are outstanding, the Company shall not
pay or declare any dividend. whether in cash or property, or make any other distribution on the
Common Stock, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for value any shares of Common
Stock until all dividends as set forth in Section 1(b) above on the Junior Preferred shall have
been paid or declared and set apart, in each case, except for:

(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company; or

(ii) acquisitions of Common Stock in exercise of the
Company’s right of first refusal to repurchase such shares.

(e) In the event dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock, the
Company shall pay an additional dividend on all outstanding shares of Series Preferred in a per
share amount equal (on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set
aside for each share of Common Stock.

(f) The provisions of Sections 1(d) and 1(e) shall not apply to a
dividend payable in Common Stock, or any repurchase of any outstanding securities of the
Company that is approved by (i) the Board and (ii) if such approval is required by Section 2(b) of
this Article IV, the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the
outstanding Series Preferred.

(g) The holders of the Series Preferred expressly waive their rights, if
any, as described in California General Corporation Law (“CGCL”) Code Sections 502, 503 and
506 as they relate to repurchases of shares of Common Stock at no greater than cost upon
termination of employment or service as a consultant or director.

2. VOTING RIGHTS.

(a) General Rights. Each holder of shares of the Serics Preferred
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such shares of Series Preferred could be converted (pursuant to Section 4 hereof)
immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or the effective
date of such written consent and shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights
and powers of the Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Company. Except as otherwise provided herein or as required

od

684182 v4/HN
by law, the Series Preferred shall vote together with the Common Stock at any annual or special
meeting of the stockholders and not as a separate class, and may act by written consent in the
same manner as the Common Stock.

(b) Separate Vote of Series Preferred. In addition to any other vote
or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the holders of at least sixty-
six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the outstanding Series Preferred shall be necessary for
effecting or validating the following actions (whether such actions are effected by amendment,
merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise):

(i) Any amendment, alteration, or repeal of any provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company (including any filing of a
Certificate of Designation and including such an amendment alteration or repeal effected by
merger, consolidation or other reorganization) that adversely alters or changes the voting or other
powers, preferences, or other special rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series Preferred;

(ii) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
shares of Preferred Stock and Common Stock;

(iii) Any authorization or any designation, whether by
reclassification or otherwise, of any new class or series of stock or any other securities
convertible or exchangeable into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or
senior to any series of Series Preferred in right of redemption, liquidation preference, conversion,
voting or dividends or any increase in the authorized or designated number of any such new class
or series;

(iv) | Any redemption, repurchase, payment of dividends or other
distributions with respect to Common Stock or Preferred Stock (except for dividends paid in
Common Stock or acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company permitted by Section |
hereof);

(v) Any transfer of assets of the Corporation to a stockholder of
the Corporation (except for dividends paid in Common Stock or acquisitions of Common Stock
by the Company permitted by Section 1 hereof);

(vi) Any agreement by the Company or its stockholders
regarding (i) an Acquisition (as defined in Section 4(b)) or (ii) an Asset Transfer (as defined in
Section 4(b));

(vii) Any increase or decrease in the number of shares of
Common Stock authorized for issuance under the Company’s 2003 Equity Incentive Plan (or any
similar successor stock purchase or stock option plans adopted by the Company) (the “Plan”) or
any other issuance of Common Stock outside of such Plan to officers, directors, consultants or
employees, unless approved by a majority of the Board;

(viii) Any voluntary dissolution or liquidation of the Company;

684182 v4/HN 4.
(ix) | Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Company’s Board;

(x) Any sale or issuance of Series Preferred, except for the
issuance of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to that certain Series D Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement dated on or about the date hereof;

(xi) | Any transaction with any officer, director, stockholder or
any of their affiliates, unless approved by a majority of the Board;

(xii) | Any incurrence of indebtedness in excess of the amount set
forth in the Company's annual budget or any creation of liens on the Company’s assets (except
for customary, permitted liens) in each case unless approved by a majority of the Board; or

(xiii) Any contract involving payments by the Company
individually in excess of $250,000 or in the aggregate in excess of $500,000 or any capital
expenditures in excess of $250,000 in each case unless approved by a majority of the Board.

(c) Separate Vote of Series Preferred. For so long as any shares of
Series Preferred remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent required herein or
by law, the vote or written consent of the holders of at least ninety percent (90%) of the
outstanding Series Preferred shall be necessary for effecting or validating any action (whether
such actions are effected by amendment, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise) if
such action would materially alter or effect the rights, preferences or privileges of shares of any
series of Series Preferred adversely and differently than the rights, preferences or privileges of
any other series of Series Preferred.

(d) Election of Board of Directors.

(i) The holders of Series Preferred, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect four (4) members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office
such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such
directors;

(ii) the holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office
such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such
directors; and

(iii) the holders of Common Stock and Series Preferred, voting
together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all remaining
members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

684182 v4/HN 5.
(iv) | No person entitled to vote at an election for directors may
cumulate votes to which such person is entitled, unless, at the time of such election, the
Company is subject to Section 2115 of the CGCL. During such time or times that the Company
is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, every stockholder entitled to vote at an election for
directors may cumulate such stockholder’s votes and give one (1) candidate a number of votes
equal to the number of directors to be elected multiplied by the number of votes to which such
stockholder’s shares are otherwise entitled, or distribute the stockholder’s votes on the same
principle among as many candidates as such stockholder desires. No stockholder, however, shall
be entitled to so cumulate such stockholder’s votes unless (i) the names of such candidate or
candidates have been placed in nomination prior to the voting and (ii) the stockholder has given
notice at the meeting, prior to the voting, of such stockholder’s intention to cumulate such
stockholder’s votes. If any stockholder has given proper notice to cumulate votes, all
stockholders may cumulate their votes for any candidates who have been properly placed in
nomination. Under cumulative voting, the candidates receiving the highest number of votes, up
to the number of directors to be elected, are elected.

(v) Removal. During such time or times that the Company is
subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, one or more directors may be removed from office at
any time without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote for that director as provided above; provided, however, that
unless the entire Board is removed, no individual director may be removed when the votes cast
against such director’s removal, or not consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient
to elect that director if voted cumulatively at an election which the same total number of votes
were cast (or, if such action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to vote were voted)
and the entire number of directors authorized at the time of such director’s most recent election
were then being elected.

(vi) Authorized Number of Directors. The authorized size of
the Board shall be seven (7) members.

3. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

(a) Upon any Acquisition (as defined below), Asset Transfer (as
defined below) or any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary
or involuntary (each of the foregoing, a “Liquidation Event’), before any distribution or payment
shall be made to the holders of any Junior Preferred or Common Stock, the holders of Series D
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for
distribution, or the consideration received in such transaction, for each share of Series D
Preferred Stock held by them an amount per share of Series D Preferred Stock equal to the
Original Issue Price of the Series D Preferred Stock plus all declared and unpaid dividends on the
Series D Preferred Stock. If, upon any such Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company (or the
consideration received in such transaction) shall be insufficient to make payment in full to all
holders of Series D Preferred Stock of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(a),
then such assets (or consideration) shall be distributed among the holders of Series D Preferred
Stock at the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would
otherwise be respectively entitled pursuant to this Section 3(a).

684182 v4/HIN 6.
(b) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series D
Preferred Stock as set forth in Section 3(a) above, upon any Liquidation Event, before any
distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Common Stock, the holders of Junior
Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for
distribution, or the consideration received in such transaction, for each share of Junior Preferred
held by them, on a pari passu basis. an amount per share of Junior Preferred equal to the
applicable Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on the Junior Preferred. If,
upon any such Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company (or the consideration received in
such transaction) shal! be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Junior Preferred
of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(b), then such assets (or consideration)
remaining after the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series D Preferred Stock as
set forth in Section 3(a) above shall be distributed among the holders of Junior Preferred at the
time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be
respectively entitled pursuant to this Section 3(b).

(c) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series D
Preferred Stock as set forth in Section 3{a) above and of the Junior Preferred as set forth in
Section 3(b) above, the assets of the Company legally available for distribution in such
Liquidation Event (or the consideration received by the Company or its stockholders in such
transaction), if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock and Series
Preferred on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis until such holders of Series Preferred
have received pursuant to Section 3(a) and Section 3(b) above and this Section 3(c) an aggregate
amount per share of Series Preferred equal to two (2) times the applicable Original Issue Price;
thereafter, the remaining assets of the Company legally available for distribution in such
Liquidation Event (or the consideration received in such transaction), if any, shall be distributed
ratably to the holders of the Common Stock.

4, ASSET TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding Section 3(a), Section 3(b) and Section 3(c) above,
solely for purposes of determining the amount each holder of Series Preferred is entitled to
receive with respect to an Acquisition or Asset Transfer, at the closing of any Acquisition or
Asset Transfer with respect to which amounts are to be legally distributed to the Company’s
stockholders and at each date after such closing on which additional amounts (such as earnout
payments, escrow amounts or other contingent payments) are to be legally distributed to the
Company’s stockholders as a result of such Acquisition or Asset Transfer (each, a “Payment
Date’’), each holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled to be paid, out of the assets of the
Company legally available for distribution (or the consideration received in such transaction) on
such Payment Date, an amount for each share of Series Preferred held upon the closing of such
Liquidation Event equal to: (a) the greater of the amount of cash, securities and other property to
which such holder would have been entitled (after taking into account the operation of this
Section 4{a) with respect to all series of Series Preferred and treating the distributions to the
Company’s stockholders made upon such Payment Date and all prior Payment Dates as having
been made simultaneously upon the closing of the Acquisition or the Asset Transfer): (i)
pursuant to Section 3(a) above or (ii) if all shares of Series Preferred had converted to Common
Stock pursuant to Section 5 as of immediately prior to the closing of such Acquisition or Asset

684182 y4/HN 7.
Transfer; reduced by (b) the amount per share paid in the aggregate to such holder with respect to
such holder's Series Preferred on all prior Payment Dates; provided, however, that the fair
market value of any non-cash consideration that may be distributed to the Company’s
stockholders on each Payment Date shall be determined at the date of the closing of the
Acquisition or Asset Transfer in accordance with Section 4(c).

(b) For the purposes of this Section 4: (i) “Acquisition” shall mean (A)
any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity or
person, or any other corporate reorganization, in which the stockholders of the Company
immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, own less than 50% of the
voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such consolidation, merger or
reorganization or (B) any transaction or series of related transactions (whether by merger,
consolidation, stock exchange or otherwise) in which fifty percent (50%) or more of the
Company’s voting power is transferred; provided that an Acquisition shall not include (x) any
consolidation or merger effected exclusively to change the domicile of the Company, (y) any
consolidation or merger with a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company for the primary purpose
of creating a holding company that will be owned substantially in the same proportions by the
persons and entities that hold this Company’s securities immediately prior to such trasaction, or
(z) any transaction or series of transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in
which the Company is the surviving corporation; and (ii) “Asset Transfer” shall mean a sale,
lease, conveyance, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company.

(c) In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be
received is securities of a corporation or other property other than cash, its value will be deemed
its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

(A) _ If traded on a securities exchange or The Nasdaq
Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board and
derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq over a specified
time period;

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall
be based on a formula approved by the Board and derived from the closing bid or sales prices
(whichever is applicable) of such securities over a specified time period; and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be
the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to

investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an

684182 va/HN 8.
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 4(c)(i) to
reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board.

5. CONVERSION RIGHTS.

The holders of the Series Preferred shall have the following rights with
respect to the conversion of the Series Preferred into shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion
Rights”):

(a) Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 5, any shares of Series Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be
converted at any time into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number
of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled upon
conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the “Series Preferred Conversion Rate”
then in effect for such series (determined as provided in Section 5(b)) by the number of shares of
Series Preferred being converted.

(b) Series Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate in effect
at any time for conversion of any series of Series Preferred (the “Series Preferred Conversion
Rate” for such series) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Original Issue Price of such
series of Series Preferred by the applicable “Series Preferred Conversion Price,” calculated as
provided in Section 5{c).

(c) Series Preferred Conversion Price. The conversion price for any
series of Series Preferred shall initially be the Original Issue Price of such series of Series
Preferred (the “Conversion Price” or for all series of Series Preferred, the “Series Preferred
Conversion Price”). Such initial Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series Preferred Conversion Price
herein shall mean the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(d) | Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series Preferred who
desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 5 shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Series Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Company at such
office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of shares of
Series Preferred being converted. Thereupon, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver at
such office to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder is entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient
funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock’s fair
market value determined by the Board as of the date of such conversion), any declared and
unpaid dividends on the shares of Series Preferred being converted and (ii) in cash (at the
Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of conversion) the
value of any fractional share of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any holder of Series
Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made at the close of business on the
date of such surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Series Preferred to be
converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such

684182 v4/HN 9.
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock
on such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Serics Preferred for conversion, be
conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such
offering, in which event the persons entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of
the Series Preferred shall not be deemed to have converted such Series Preferred until
immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If at any time
or from time to time after the date that the first share of Series D Preferred Stock is issued (the
“Original Issue Date”) the Company effects a subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock
without a corresponding subdivision of any series of Series Preferred, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately
decreased. Conversely, if at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date the
Company combines the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares
without a corresponding combination of any series of Series Preferred, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately
increased. Any adjustment under this Section 5(e) shall become effective at the close of business
on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(f) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions.
If at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date the Company pays to holders of
Common Stock a dividend or other distribution in additional shares of Common Stock without a
corresponding dividend or other distribution to holders of Series Preferred, each Series Preferred
Conversion Price that is then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance, as
provided below:

(i) Each Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted by
multiplying each Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction equal to:

(A) _ the numerator of which is the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance, and

(B) — the denominator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution;

(ii) If the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution, the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close of business on such
record date and the number of shares of Common Stock shall be calculated immediately prior to
the close of business on such record date; and

684182 v4/tIN 10.
(iii) If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, each Series Preferred
Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date
and thereafter each Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section
5(f) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

(iv) In the event the Company shall declare a distribution
payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Company or other
persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in Section 4(e)
above to holders of Common Stock without a corresponding distribution to holders of Series
Preferred, then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(f), the holders of the Series
Preferred shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were
the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of this Company into which their shares of
Series Preferred are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of this Company entitled to receive such distribution.

(g) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, Substitution,
Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. If al any time or from time to time after the
Original Issue Date, the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series Preferred is
changed into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an Acquisition or
Asset Transfer as defined in Section 4 or a subdivision or combination of shares or stock
dividend or a reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets provided for elsewhere in
this Section 5), in any such event each holder of Series Preferred shall then have the right but
shall have no obligation to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other
securities and property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation or other change by holders of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
into which such shares of Series Preferred could have been converted immediately prior to such
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or change, all subject to further
adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or property by the terms
thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of Series Preferred after the
capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including adjustment of the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares issuable
upon conversion of such Series Preferred) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly
equivalent as practicable.

(h) Sale of Shares Below Series D Preferred Conversion Price or
Series C Preferred Conversion Price, as applicable.

(i) If at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue
Date, the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this Section 5(h) to
have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined below) other than as
provided in Section 5(f) or 5(g) above, for an Effective Price (as defined below) less than (x) in
the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred
Stock, the then effective Conversion Price for the Series D Preferred Stock or (y) in the case of

684182 v4/HN li.
the Series C Preferred Stock, the then effective Conversion Price for the Series C Preferred
(collectively, a “Qualifying Additional Issuance’), then and in each such case the then existing
Series Preferred Conversion Price for a series of Series Preferred shall be reduced, as applicable,
as of the opening of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a price determined by
multiplying the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
issuance or sale by a fraction equal to:

(A) _ the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale, plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the Aggregate
Consideration (as defined below) received or deemed received by the Company for the total
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such then-existing
Series Preferred Conversion Price, and

(B) the denominator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale plus the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.

For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A) the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding, (B) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the then
outstanding shares of Series Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediately preceding the given date, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which are
issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all other rights, options and convertible securities
outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given date.

(ii) | No adjustment shall be made to any Series Preferred
Conversion Price in an amount less than one cent per share. Any adjustment otherwise required
by this Section 5(h) that is not required to be made due to the preceding sentence shall be
included in any subsequent adjustment to such Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(iii) | For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section 5(h), the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of
securities (the “Aggregate Consideration’) shall be defined as: (A) to the extent it consists of
cash, be computed at the net amount of cash received by the Company after deduction of any
underwriting or similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the
Company in connection with such issue or sale but without deduction of any expenses payable by
the Company, (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, be computed at the fair
value of that property as determined in good faith by the Board irrespective of any accounting
treatment, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities (as defined
below) or rights or options to purchase either Additional Shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or securities or other assets of
the Company for a consideration which covers both, be computed as the portion of the
consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board to be
allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or
options.

684182 v4/HN 12.
(iv) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this
Section 5(h), if the Company issues or sells (x) Preferred Stock or other stock, options, warrants,
purchase rights or other securities convertible or exchangeable into, Additional Shares of
Common Stock (such convertible or exchangeable stock or securities being herein referred to as
“Convertible Securities”) or (y) rights or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of
Common Stock or Convertible Securities and if the Effective Price of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock is less than any Series Preferred Conversion Price, in each case the Company
shall be deemed to have issued at the time of the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible
Securities the maximum number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
or conversion or exchange thereof and to have received as consideration for the issuance of such
shares an amount equal to the total amount of the consideration, if any, received by the Company
for the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities plus:

(A) _ in the case of such rights or options, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such nghts or
options; and

(B) in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any. payable to the Company upon the conversion or exchange
thereof (other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible
Securities); provided that if the minimum amounts of such consideration cannot be ascertained,
but are a function of antidilution or similar protective clauses, the Company shall be deemed to
have received the minimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses.

(C) Ifthe minimum amount of consideration payable to
the Company upon the exercise or conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is
reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events other than by
reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective Price shall be recalculated using the figure to
which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced; provided further, that if the minimum
amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion or exchange of
such rights, options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price shall
be again recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the
Company upon the exercise or conversion or exchange of such rights, options or Convertible
Securities.

(D) No further adjustment of any Series Preferred
Conversion Price, as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities,
shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the
exercise of any such rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible Securities. If
any such rights or options or the conversion privilege represented by any such Convertible
Securities shall expire without having been exercised, the applicable Series Preferred Conversion
Price as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities shall be
readjusted to the Series Preferred Conversion Price which would have been in effect had an
adjustment been made on the basis that the only Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued
were the Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise of
such rights or options or rights of conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities. and

684182 v4/HN 13.
such Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration
actually received by the Company upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually
received by the Company for the granting of all such rights or options, whether or not exercised,
plus the consideration received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually
converted or exchanged, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Company (other
than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, provided that such readjustment shall not
apply to prior conversions of Series Preferred.

(v) For the purpose of making any adjustment to the
Conversion Price of the Series Preferred required under this Section 5(h), “Additional Shares of
Common Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to
be issued pursuant to this Section 5(h) (including shares of Common Stock subsequently
reacquired or retired by the Company), other than:

(A) _ shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
any series of Series Preferred;

(B) up to 3,823,612 shares (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
filing date hereof) of Common Stock (the “Option Pool”) (as such Option Pool may be increased
from time to time by approval of the Board of Directors and the holders of at least sixty-six and
two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the outstanding shares of Series Preferred Stock as required by
Section 2(b) hereof) issued to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the
Company or any subsidiary, pursuant to the Plan, or any additional shares of Common Stock
issued to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the Company or any
subsidiary, pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other arrangements that are
unanimously approved by the Board of Directors;

(C) | shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the
exercise of Convertible Securities outstanding as of the Original Issue Date;

(D) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition, strategic
alliance or similar business combination approved by the Board;

(E) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement
or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board and provided
that the issuance of such shares is primarily for purposes other than the raising of additional
capital through an equity financing;

(F) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued by the Company pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, if upon the closing of such offering all of the outstanding shares of Series
Preferred have been converted to Common Stock either (i) at the election of the holders of such

684182 v4/lIN 14,
Preferred Stock as provided in Section S(a) hereof, or (ii) pursuant to the provisions for the
automatic conversion of such Series Preferred Stock as provided in Section 5(k) hereof;

(G) any Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued
in connection with strategic transactions involving the Company and other entities, including
(i) joint ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution arrangements or (ii) technology
transfer or development arrangements; provided that the issuance of shares therein has been
approved by the Company’s Board and provided that the issuance of such shares is primarily for
purposes other than the raising of additional capital through an equity financing; and

(H) for purposes of the adjustment required by Section
5(h)(i) only. any Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued in any transaction in which
exemption from the adjustment required pursuant to Section 5(h)(i) hereof is approved by the
holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the outstanding Series Preferred.

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (v) above shall
mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to
this Section 5(h). The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the
quotient determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued
or sold, or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company under this Section 5(h), into the
Aggregate Consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Company for such
issue under this Section 5(h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

In the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed to have issued or sold,
Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Additional Issuance (the “First Additional
Issuance”), then in the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed to have issued or
sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Additional Issuance other than the
First Additional Issuance pursuant to the same instruments as the First Additional Issuance (a
“Subsequent Additional Issuance”), then and in each such case upon a Subsequent Additional
Issuance the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be reduced to the Series Preferred
Conversion Price that would have been in effect had the First Additional Issuance and each
Subsequent Additional Issuance all occurred on the closing date of the First Additional Issuance.

(i) Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or
readjustment of any Series Preferred Conversion Price for the number of shares of Common
Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of any series of Series Preferred, if such Series
Preferred is then convertible pursuant to this Section 5, the Company, at its expense, shall
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the provisions hereof and prepare a
certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and shall mail such certificate, by first class
mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of such series of Series Preferred at the holder’s
address as shown in the Company’s books. The certificate shall set forth such adjustment or
readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based,
including a statement of (i) the consideration received or deemed to be received by the Company
for any Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or
sold, (ii) the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price at the time in effect, (iii) the number of

684182 va/HN 15.
Additional Shares of Common Stock and (iv) the type and amount, if any. of other property
which at the time would be received upon conversion of such Series Preferred.

(j) Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ji) any Acquisition (as defined
in Section4) or other capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or
recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into any other corporation, or any Asset Transfer (as defined in Section 4), or any
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the Company
shall mail to each holder of Series Preferred at least ten (10) days prior to the record date
specified therein (or such shorter period approved by the holders of at least sixty-six and two-
thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the outstanding Series Preferred) a notice specifying (A) the date on
which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution and a
description of such dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition,
reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution,
liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective, and (C) the date. if any, that is to be
fixed as to when the holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for securities or other property
deliverable upon such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation,
merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

(k) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective applicable Series Preferred
Conversion Price, (A) at any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least sixty-six
and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the then outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, or (B)
immediately upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale
of Common Stock for the account of the Company in which: (1) the per share price is at least
four times (3x) the Original Issue Price of the Series D Preferred Stock (as adjusted for stock
splits, dividends, recapitalizations and the like after the filing date hereof); (2) the aggregate net
cash proceeds to the Company (after underwriting discounts, commissions and fees) are at least
$30,000,000; and (3) the Company’s Common Stock is traded on a recognized major stock
exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and
unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d).

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of either of the events specified in
Section 5(k)(i) above, the outstanding shares of Series Preferred shall be converted automatically
without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Series
Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the
holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or

684182 v4/HIN 16.
destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such
automatic conversion of the Series Preferred, the holders of Series Preferred shall surrender the
certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the
Series Preferred. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such holder promptly at such
office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series Preferred
surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any
declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d).

() Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of Series Preferred. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions
thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series Preferred by a holder thereof
shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the
issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional
share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the Common Stock’s fair
market value (as determined by the Board) on the date of conversion.

(m) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series Preferred,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series Preferred. If at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, the Company will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(n) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4
shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party
to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal
business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five (5) days after
having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv)
one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at
the address of such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

(0) Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to
the issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series Preferred,
excluding any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series
Preferred so converted were registered.

6. NO REISSUANCE OF SERIES PREFERRED.

684182 v4/HN 17.
No shares or shares of Series Preferred acquired by the Company by reason of
redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall] be reissued.

V.

A. The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable law. If the Delaware General Corporation Law
(“DGCL”) is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article V to authorize corporate
action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a
director of the Company shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the
DGCL as so amended.

B. The Company is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the CGCL and, as the case may be, other applicable) for breach of duty to the
Company and its stockholders through bylaw provisions or through agreements with the agents,
or through stockholder resolutions, or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and
advancement otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the CGCL and Section 145 of the DGCL,
subject, at any time or times that the Company is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, to the
limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the CGCL.

C. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

VI.

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Company,
and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Company, of its directors
and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Company
shall be vested in its Board. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board
shall be fixed by the Board in the manner provided in the Bylaws, subject to any restrictions
which may be set forth in this Restated Certificate.

B. Subject to Section D.2 (b) of Article 1V, the Board of Directors is expressly
empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Company. The stockholders shall also
have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Company; provided however, that, in
addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Company required by law
or by this Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of
the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be
required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws of the Company.

Cc. The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

684182 v4/HN 18.
RAD

FOUR: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of the Company.

FIVE: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was approved by the
holders of the requisite number of shares of said corporation in accordance with Section 228 of
the General Corporation Law. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL by the
stockholders of the Company.

684182 v4/HN 19.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Adaptive Planning, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its President this 20" day of December, 2007.

ADAPTIVE PLANNING, INC.

By: /s/ William A. Soward
WILLIAM A. SOWARD, President

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
SIGNATURE PAGE
684182 v4/HN
