State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 09:15 PM 05/21/2003
FILED 09:15 PM 05/21/2003 _
SRV 030333519 — 3661891 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

VISUS TECHNOLOGY, INC.

The undersigned, a natural person (the “Sole Incorporator™), for the purpose of
Organizing a corporation to conduct the business and promote the purposes hereinafter stated,
under the provisions and subject to the requirements of the laws of the State of Delaware hereby
certifies that:

I.
The name of this corporation is Visus Technology, Inc.
WW.

The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is
2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the
name of the registered agent of the corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is
Corporation Service Company.

Il.

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”).

IV.

A. This corporation is authorized to issue only one class of stock to be designated
Common Stock. The total number of shares of Common Stock which the corporation is
Presently authorized to issue is one million (1,000,000) shares each having a par value of one-
tenth of one cent ($0.001), '

V,

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the corporation
Shall be vested in its Board ef Directors. The number of directors which shall constitute the
whole Board of Directors shal! be fixed by the Board of Directors in the manner provided in the
Bylaws.

B. Election of Directors
1. Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock to elect additional

Girectors under specified circumstances, directors shal! be elected at each annual meeting of
stockholders to hold office until the next annual meeting. Each director shall hold office either

400917 vIAHN
SLCLO!! DOC 1.
CSC ID:916-363-2121 MAY 21°03 18:10 No.005 P.03

until the expiration of the term for which elected or appointed and until a successor has been
elected and qualified, or until such director’s death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the
number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent

director.

2. No person entitled to vote at an clection for directors may cumulate votes
to which such person is entitled, unless, at the time of such election, the corporation is subject to
Section 2115(b) of the California General Corporation Law (“ CGCL”). During such time or
times that the corporation is subject to Section 21 15(b) of the CGCI., every stockholder entitled
to vote at an election for directors may cumulate such stockholder’s votes and give one candidate
a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected multiplied by the number of
votes to which such stockholder’s sharcs are otherwise entitled, or distribute the stockholder’s
votes on the same principle among as many candidates as such stockholder thinks fit, No
stockholder, however, shall be entitled to so cumulate such stockholder’s votes unless (a) the
names of such candidate or candidates have becn placed in nomination prior to the voting and (b)
the stockholder has given notice at the mecting, prior to the voting, of such stockholder’s
intention to cumulate such stockholder’s votes. Lf any stockholder has given proper notice to
cumulate votes, all stockholders may cumulate their votes for any candidates who have been
properly placed in nomination, Under cumulative voting, the candidates receiving the highest
number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, are clected,

Cc, Removal

1. During such timc or times that the corporation is subject to
Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, the Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed
from office at any time without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority
of the outstanding shares cntitled to vote on such removal; provided, however, that unless the
entire Board is removed, no individual director may be removed when the votes cast apainst such
director’s removal, or not consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient to clect that
director if voted cumulatively at an election which the same total number of votes were cast (or,
if such action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to vote were voted) and the entire
number of directors authorized at the time of such dircctor’s most recent clection were then
being elected.

2. At any time or times that the corporation 1s not subject to Section 2115(b)
of the CGCL and subject to any limitations imposed by law, Section C.1 above shall not apply
and the Board of Directors or any director may be removed from office at any time (a) with
cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then-
outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled 1o vote generally at an election of
directors or (b) without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting
power of all then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation, entitled to vote generally
at an election of directors.

DD. The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the
Bylaws of the corporation. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the
Bylaws of the corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any
class of scties of stock of the corporation required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation,

400917 yWHN
8LCLOLLDOC 2.
CSC

ID:916-363-2121 MAY 21°03 18:11 No.005 P.04

the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-
outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend of repeal any
provision of the Bylaws of the corporation.

Vi.

A. ‘The liability of the directors for monctary damages shall be eliminated to the
fullest extent under applicable Jaw. If the DGCT. is amended to authorize corporate action
{urther eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of
the corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so
amended.

B. This corporation is authorized te provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the CGCI) for breach of duty to the corporation and its stockholders through
bylaw provisions or through agreements with the agents, or through stockholder resolutions, or
otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the CGCL,

subject, at any time or times {hat the corporation is subject to Section 211 5(b) of the CGCL, to

{he limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the CGCL.

C. Any repeal or modification of this Article V1 shall be prospective and shall not
affect the rights under this Article VI in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any act or
omission to act giving rise to liability or indemnification.

Vil.

The corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereaficr prescribed by
statute, and all rights conferred upon the stockholders herein are granted subject to this
reservation.

VII.
The name and the mailing address of the Sole Incorporator is as follows:

Cooley Godward T.LP
Attn: Teresa L. Kennedy
§ Palo Alto Square

3000 El Camino Real
Palo Alto, CA 94306

400917 vi/EIN
RLCLOILDOC 3,
CSC

ID:916-363-2121 MAY 21°03 18:11 No.005 P.05

as been subscribed this 21" day of May, 2003

is HEREOF, this Certificate h
Med d correct,

by the undersigned who affirms that the statements made herein are truc an

/s/ Teresa L. Kennedy ; ; ;
TERESA L, KENNEDY
Sole Incorporator

400917 vI/HN 4
SLCLOULDOC .
