State of Delaware
_ Secre of State
Division o. Corporations
Delivered 06:27 PM 01/18/2011
FILED 06:27 PM 01/18/2011
AMENDED AND RESTATED SRV 110052182 - 3510963 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

ADKNOWLEDGE, INC.

The undersigned, Scott Lynn, hereby certifies that:

1. He is the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of Adknowledge, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware on April 3, 2002, under the name of Virtumundo, Inc.

3. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated
to read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is Adknowledge, Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE II

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400 in the City of Wilmington, Delaware 19808, County of New Castle.
The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE IV

Upon the effective filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the
“Restated Certificate”), the authorized capital stock of the Corporation shall be as follows:

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue one class of stock to be
designated “Common Stock.” The total number of shares which the Corporation is authorized to
issue is forty million (40,000,000) shares, each with a par value of $0.0001 per share. All forty
million (40,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock, thirty-five million (35,000,000) shares of
which are designated as “Series A Common Stock” and five million (5.000.000) shares of which
are designated as “Series B Common Stock”.

101003101_4.DOC
(B) Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. The holders of the Common Stock shall be entitled to
receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the Corporation
legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board of
Directors. Such dividends shall be distributed among the holders of Common Stock pro rata
based on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed among the holders of Common
Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

3. Voting Rights. Each holder of Series A Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote per share of Series A Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any
stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to
vote upon such matters and in such manner as may be provided by law. Shares of Series B
Common Stock shall have no voting rights, except as otherwise required by law, including
without limitation Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased
(but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the
provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law.

4. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable at the option of the
holder.

5. Conversion of Series B Common Stock. Each share of Series B
Common Stock shall be automatically converted into one (1) share of Series A Common Stock
immediately upon (i) this Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (ii) any transfer of such
share to a holder of Series A Common Stock, which transfer has been approved by the Board of
Directors, in its sole discretion, (iii) any amendment of this Restated Certificate that has the
effect of modifying in any way the rights or privileges of the Series A Common Stock so as to
adversely affect the rights or privileges of the Series B Common Stock, where such amendment
has not been approved by a vote of the Series B Common Stock voting as a separate class and,
provided further, that no change to the voting rights of the Series A Common Stock shall be
deemed to affect the Series B Common Stock and (iv) a merger or consolidation of this
Corporation with or into another entity other than a merger or consolidation (x) that would result
in the voting securities outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent over fifty
percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Corporation or the
surviving entity or its parent corporation outstanding immediately after such merger or
consolidation or (y) effected to implement a recapitalization of the Corporation in which no
person or entity acquires more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the
Corporation’s then outstanding securities, which person or entity did not possess such voting
power prior to such recapitalization; such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the closing date of the public offering described in clause (i), upon the

101003101_4.DOC -2-
transfer described in clause (ii), upon the effectiveness of the amendment described in clause (iii)
and immediately prior to a merger or consolidation of the kind described in clause (iv). The
persons entitled to shares of Series A Common Stock upon conversion shall be treated for all
purposes as the record holders of such shares of Series A Common Stock as of the date of
conversion. The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
but unissued shares of Series A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the
conversion of the shares of the Series B Common Stock, such number of its shares of Series A
Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding
shares of Series B Common Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Series A Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of Series B Common Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be
available to the holder of Series B Common Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Series A Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such
purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite
stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Restated Certificate.

6. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Series B Common
Stock shall be converted pursuant to Section 5 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled
and shall not be issuable by this Corporation. The Restated Certificate shall be appropriately
amended to effect the corresponding reduction in this Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

ARTICLE V

Except as expressly limited in this Restated Certificate, the Board of Directors of the
Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE Vi

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the
same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally
liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty

as a director.

(B) The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a partly to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served.
at any other enterprise as a director or officer at the request of the Corporation or any
predecessor to the Corporation.

101003101_4.DOC ~3-
(C) Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VI,
shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter occurring, or any
action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VII, would accrue or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.”

* # *

101003101_4.DOC 4.
The foregoing Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted
by this corporation’s Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with the applicable
provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of

Delaware.

a)
Executed at Kansas City, Missouri on this\S day of January, 2011.

Lrvt

Scott Lynn, Chief Executive Officer

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
ADKNOWLEDGE, INC.
