State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 04:30 PM 07/30/2008
FILED 04:11 PM 07/30/2008
SRV 080832027 - 4179890 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF
SEMANTIC SUGAR, INC.

The undersigned, Jared Kopf and Aaron Bell, hereby certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively,
of Semantic Sugar, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

2, The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed
with the Secretary of State of Delaware on June 22, 2006.

3. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and
restated to read in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
“The name of this corporation is Semantic Sugar, Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE II

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is
Suite 600, One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street in the City of Wilmington, County
of New Castle, 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is Agents and
Corporations, Inc.

ARTICLE Il

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of
stock to be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total
number of shares which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 13,020,000 shares, each
with a par value of $.001 per share. 10,000,000 shares shall be Common Stock and
3,020,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred

Stock authorized by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the
“Restated Certificate”) may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The first
series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist
of 3,020,000 shares. The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and
imposed on the Series A Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article IV(B).
1. Dividend Provisions, The holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor,
prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than
in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder
thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of $0.105 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like) per annum on each
outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, payable quarterly when, as and if declared
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”). Such dividends
shall not be cumulative. After payment of such dividends, any additional dividends shall
be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata
based on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming
conversion of all such Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

2. Liquidation,

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any
distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by
reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to $1.3077 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like) for each share of
Series A Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon
the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of
the full aforesaid preferential amounts, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the
distribution required by Section 2(a) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation
available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares
of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Series A Preferred
Stock into Common Stock) until the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have
received an aggregate of $3.92 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassification and the like) of Series A Preferred Stock (including amounts paid
pursuant to Section 2(a) above); thereafter, if assets remain in the Corporation, the
holders of the Common Stock of the Corporation shall receive all of the remaining assets
of the Corporation pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by
each. Notwithstanding the above or Section 4(c) below, for purposes of determining the
amount each holder of shares of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive with respect to a
Liquidation Transaction, as defined below, each such holder of shares of a series of
Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have converted (regardless of whether such holder
actually converted) such holder’s shares of such series into shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to the Liquidation Transaction if, as a result of an actual conversion,
such holder would receive, in the aggregate, an amount greater than the amount that
would be distributed to such holder if such holder did not convert such series of Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section
2, 4 liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if
the Corporation shall sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its
property or business or merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation,
limited liability company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Corporation) (any such transaction, a “Liquidation Transaction”), provided that none of
the following shall be considered a Liquidation Transaction: (i) a merger effected
exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation, (ii) an equity
financing in which the Corporation is the surviving corporation, or (iii) a transaction in
which the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction own 50%
or more of the voting power of the surviving corporation following the transaction. In the
event of a merger or consolidation of the Corporation that is deemed pursuant to this
section to be a Liquidation Transaction, all references in this Section 2 to “assets of the
Corporation” shall be deemed instead to refer to the aggregate consideration to be paid to
the holders of the Corporation's capital stock in such merger or consolidation.

{ii) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a
deemed liquidation as described in Section 2(c)(i) above, if the consideration received by
the Corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any
securities shall be valued as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or
other similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) ‘If traded on a securities exchange,
the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived
from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange over a specified time period;

(2)  Ifactively traded over-the-counter,
the value shal] be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived
from the closing bid or sales prices (whichever is applicable) of such securities over a
specified time period; and

(3) = If there is no active public market,
the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board
of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities
subject to investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than
restrictions arising solely by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former
affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market value determined as
specified above in Section 2(c)(ii)(A) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof,
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(iii) Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The

Corporation shall give each holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock written notice of
any impending Liquidation Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the stockholders’
meeting called to approve such Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of
such Liquidation Transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in
writing of the final approval of such Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices
shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation
Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give
such holders prompt notice of any material changes. Unless such notice requirements are
waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall not take place sooner than 10 days after the
Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than 10 days after the
Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Restated Certificate, all notice periods or
requirements in this Restated Certificate may be shortened or waived, either before or
after the action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a
majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock that
are entitled to such notice rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the
requirements of this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith

either cause the closing of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the
requirements of this Section 2 have been complied with, or cancel such Liquidation
Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the first
notice referred to in Section 2(c)(iii).

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4, Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall
have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a2) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any
time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any
transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original Issue Price (as defined below)
of 'a share of Series A Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price applicable to such share,
determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for
conversion. The initial Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
$1.3077. Such initial Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in
Section 4(d). (The number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of
Preferred Stock of a series may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the “Conversion
Rate” for each such series.) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $1.3077 per share for the
Series A Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for any stock dividend,
stock split, combination of shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or
other similar event as set forth elsewhere herein).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred
Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion
Rate in effect at the time for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as
provided below in Section 4(c), the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a firm
commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the public offering price of
which is not less than $3.92 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassification and the like) and which results in total gross offering proceeds to the
Corporation of not less than $50,000,000 (net of underwriting commissions and
expenses) (a “Qualified Initial Public Offering”) or (ii) the date specified by written
consent or agreement of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(c} Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such Series A Preferred Stock into shares of
Common Stock, the holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly
endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such series of
Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate
office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in
which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to
such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder
shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of
such series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for
all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of public Common Stock as of
such date. If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten public offering of
securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act the conversion may, at the option of
any holder tendering such Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the
closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which
event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of such Preferred
Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior
to the closing of such sale of securities.  ~

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for
Certain Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the

Series A Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase
Price. If the Corporation should issue, at any time after the date upon which any shares
of Series A Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date” with respect to such
series), any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the Conversion Price for such series in effect
immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the Conversion Price for such series in
effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically be adjusted as set forth
in this Section 4(d)(i), unless otherwise provided in this Section 4(d)(i).

(A) Adjustment Formula. Whenever the
Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new Conversion Price
shall be determined by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x)
the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issuance (the “Outstanding Common”) plus the number of
shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for
such issuance of Additional Stock would purchase at such Conversion Price; and (y) the
denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common plus the
number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation,
the term “Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued
pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E) below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For
purposes of this Section 4(d)(i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common
Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the
Corporation after the Purchase Date) other than:

(1) | Common Stock issued pursuant to
stock dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ii) or
Section 4(d)(iii) hereof;

(2) Up to 1,306,536 shares of Common
Stock issued or issuable to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation
pursuant to the Corporation’s 2007 Stock Option Plan approved by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation including, until such time as Aaron Bell is replaced on the
Board, the Series A Director;

(3) Upto 250,000 shares of capital
stock, or options or warrants to purchase capital stock, issued to financial institutions,
equipment lessors or similar persons in connection with commercial credit arrangements,
equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions, Strategic partnership or
similar transactions approved by the Board of Directors including the Series A Director:

(4) Shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion or exercise of convertible or exercisable securities outstanding as of the
date of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation including, without
limitation, warrants, notes or options;

(5) Upto 250,000 shares capital stock,
or warrants or options to purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide
acquisitions, mergers or similar transactions, the terms of which are approved by the
Board of Directors of the Corporation including, until such time as Aaron Bell is replaced
on the Board, the Series A Director;

(6) Shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock;

(7) Shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable in a Qualified Initial Public Offering prior to or in connection with which all
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be converted to Common Stock:

(8) Up to 250,000 shares capital stock
issued or issuable to an entity as a component of any business relationship with such
entity primarily for the purpose of (A) joint venture, technology licensing or development
activities, (B) distribution, supply or manufacture of the Corporation’s products or
services or (C) any other arrangements involving corporate partners that are primarily for
purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business relationship with such
entity are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation including the Series A
Director; and

(9) Shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable with the affirmative vote of at least 60% of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, voting together as a class.

(C) No Fractional Adjustments, No
adjustment of the Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be made in an

amount less than one cent per share, provided that any adjustments which are not
required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either
taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to three years from the date
of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the
end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried
forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the
case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be
the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions
or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or
otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of
the Common Stock for a consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the
consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined
by the Board of Directors irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In
the case of the issuance (whether before, on or after the applicable Purchase Date) of
securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”), the
following provisions shall apply for all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming
the satisfaction of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability,
including, without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account
potential antidilution adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent
conversion, exchange or exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time
such securities were issued or such Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a
consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for any such
securities and related Common Stock Equivalents (excluding any cash received on
account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional
consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without taking into account
potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of any
Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Section 4(d)(i)(D)).

(2) ‘In the event of any change in the
number of shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the
Corporation upon conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents,
other than a change resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion
Price of the Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed
using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but
no further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any
payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of such
Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) Upon the termination or expiration
of the convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents,
the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by
or computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the
issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock .
Equivalents that remain convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon
the conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) The number of shares of Common
Stock deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section
4(d)(i)(E)(1) shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or
expiration of the type described in either Section 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)(i(E)(3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except to the limited
extent provided for in Sections 4(d)(i)(E)(2) and 4(d)(i)(E)(3), no adjustment of the
Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the
Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
adjustment.

(iit) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the
Corporation should at any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the
effectuation of a split or subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the
determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other
distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional
shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such
record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record
date is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately
decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each
share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such
Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common
Stock Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed
issuances in Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a
combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date
of such combination, the Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be
appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease
in outstanding shares.

(ec) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall
declare a distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness
issued by the Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options
or rights not referred to in Section 4(d)(i) or 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the
purpose of this Section 4(e), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a
proportionate share of any such distribution as though it were a dividend calculated
pursuant to Section 1.

(f)  Recapitalizations, If at any time or from time to time
there shall be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision,
combination or merger or sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section
4 or in Section 2) provision shall be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise,
to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such Series A
Preferred Stock would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case,
appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4
with respect to the rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization
to the end that the provisions of Section 1, Section 2 and this Section 4 (including
adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable
upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be as
nearly equivalent as practicable.
(g) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the
conversion of any share or shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, and the number of
shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share.
The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of
the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting
into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
aggregate conversion, If the conversion would result in any fractional share, the
Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any such fractional share, pay the holder thereof an
amount in cash equal to the fair market value of such fractional share on the date of
conversion, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section
4, the Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder
of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting
forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for the Series A
Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock and
the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of a share of the Series A Preferred Stock.

(th) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of
determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a
cash dividend) or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise
acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive
any other right, the Corporation shall mail to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, at
least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any
such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the
amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The

Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares
of the Series A Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall
from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of such
series of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock shail not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of such series of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be
available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for

10
such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the
requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Restated Certificate.

(j) Notices, Any notice required by the provisions of this
Section 4 to be given to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be deemed
given if deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each
holder of record at his address appearing on the books of the Corporation.

(k) No Impairment. The Corporation will not through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of
the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation but will use all good
faith efforts to assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Article IV(B) and in
the taking of such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
conversion rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this Article (B) shall prohibit the Corporation from amending its
Certificate of Incorporation with the requisite consent of its stockholders and the
Corporation’s Board of Directors.

5. Voting Rights, Except as expressly provided by this Restated
Certificate or as provided by law, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the
same voting rights as the holders of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any
stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the holders
of Common Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class
on all matters. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share
of Common Stock held, and each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such
shares of Series A Preferred Stock could be converted. Fractional votes shall not,
however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis
(after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each
holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half
being rounded upward).

6. Protective Provisions. So long as at least 500,000 shares of
Preferred Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassification and the like), the Corporation shal! not (by amendment, merger,
consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least 60% of the then outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(a) effect a Liquidation Transaction;

(b) —_ materially alter or change the rights, preferences or
privileges of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

(c) increase the total number of authorized shares of Preferred
Stock;
(d) —_ authorize any class or series of capital stock, including any
security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security, having a preference over,
or being on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to voting (other than
the pari passu voting rights of Common Stock), dividends, redemption, conversion or
upon liquidation;

(e) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set
funds aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or
Common Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase
of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other
persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements
under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than
cost upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment, or
through the exercise of any right of first refusal;

(f) appoint a new Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation;
(g) change the size of the Corporation’s Board of Directors; or

(h) _ change the Corporation’s auditors or change the
Corporation’s accounting practices (unless such change is required pursuant to generally
accepted accounting principles); or

(i) affect any merger, sale of assets or other corporate
reorganization, acquisition or similar transaction; or

(j) transfer any material assets of the Corporation to any
person or entity (other than to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation),

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred
Stock shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be
cancelled and shall not be issuable by the Corporation. This Restated Certificate shall be
appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s
authorized capital stock.

8. Election of Directors. So long as at least 500,000 shares of
Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors at each meeting or pursuant.to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders
for the election of directors (the “Series A Director”). The holders of Common Stock,
voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation’s
Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s
stockholders for the election of directors. Any additional members of the Corporation’s
Board of Directors shall be elected by the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock,
voting together as a single class. If a vacancy on the Board of Directors is to be filled by
the Board of Directors, only directors elected by the same class or classes of stockholders
as those who would be entitled to vote to fill such vacancy shall vote to fill such vacancy.

12
ARTICLE V

Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is
expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in
the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VII

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law,
as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not
be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

(B) The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any
person made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether
criminal, civil, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or
intestate is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the
Corporation, or serves or served at any other enterprise as a director or officer at the
request of the Corporation or any predecessor to the Corporation.

(C) Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of
any provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this
Article VIL, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter
occurring, or any action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VII,
would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent
provision.”

13
week er or Sam Oe be tos a ER NN i? eu ("eae

The foregoing Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
adopted by this corporation’s Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with the

applicable provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law.

Executed at San Francisco, California, July 30, 2008.

