State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 04:51 PM 03/09/2015
FILED 03:56 PM 03/09/2015
SRV 150331217 - 4179890 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

ADROLL, INC.

AdRoll, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Corporation”), certifies that:

1. The original name of the Corporation is Semantic Sugar, Inc. The Corporation’s
original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on June
22, 2006.

2. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Section 228, Section 242, and Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware, and restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the
Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation.

3. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is amended and restated to read as set
forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, AdRoll, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Aaron Bell, a duly authorized officer of the
Corporation, on March 9, 2015.

/s/ Aaron Bell
Name: Aaron Bell
Title: Chief Executive Officer

SV\1438167.3
EXHIBIT A
ARTICLE I

The name of this corporation is AdRoll, Inc. (the “Corporation’”).
ARTICLE II

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19808. The name of its
registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE III

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 90,000,000 shares, each with a par value of $0.001
per share, of which (1) 59,756,046 shares shall be Common Stock and (2) 30,243,954 shares
shall be Preferred Stock.

Immediately upon the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware:

(i) each one share of the Company’s Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
such filing shall be exchanged and converted, automatically and without any further action, into
two shares of the Company’s Common Stock, and

(ii) each one share of the Company’s Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock,
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock (each as defined herein) outstanding
immediately prior to such filing shall be exchanged and converted, automatically and without
any further action, into two shares of the Company’s Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, respectively.

Such conversions shall be effected on a certificate-by-certificate basis. The
aforementioned conversions shall be referred to collectively as the “Forward Split.” The Forward
Split shall occur without any further action on the part of the Company or the holder thereof and
whether or not certificates representing such holder’s shares prior to the Forward Split are
surrendered for cancellation. The Company shall not be obliged to issue certificates evidencing
the shares of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock outstanding as a result of the Forward Split unless
and until the certificates evidencing the shares held by a holder prior to the Forward Split are
either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent, or the holder notifies the Company or its
transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an

SV\1438167.3
agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it
in connection with such certificates. All references to dollar amounts and to numbers and
amounts of shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock set forth in this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (including those in the first paragraph of this Article [V(A)) shall be
deemed to include and reflect the effects of the Forward Split and shall not be further adjusted as
a result thereof.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Restated

Certificate”) may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The first series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 6,525,774 shares. The
second series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist
of 12,023,326 shares. The third series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series C Preferred
Stock” and shall consist of 5,616,890 shares. The fourth series of Preferred Stock shall be
designated “Series D Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 6,077,964 shares. The rights,
preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Common Stock and
Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article IV(B).

1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference
to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other
securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the Common Stock of the
Corporation, at the rate of (i) $0.0525 per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series A
Preferred Stock, (ii) $0.021 per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred
Stock, (iii) $0.186 per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series C Preferred Stock
and (iv) $0.92135 per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series D Preferred Stock, in
each case as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like, payable
quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board of
Directors”). Such dividends shall not be cumulative. After payment of such dividends, any
additional dividends shall be distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common
Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder
(assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the then effective
Conversion Rate (as defined below)). In connection with any repurchase of shares of Common
Stock permitted under this Certificate of Incorporation from employees, officers, directors or
consultants of the Company in connection with a termination of employment or services
pursuant to agreements or arrangements approved by the Board of Directors (in addition to any
other consent required under this Certificate of Incorporation), such repurchase may be made
without regard to any preferential dividends arrears or preferential rights (each as determined
under applicable law).

2. Liquidation.

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive out of assets and funds legally available for distribution to stockholders of the
Corporation, on a pari passu basis with each other and prior and in preference to any distribution

2

SV\1438167.3
of any of the assets or funds of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of
their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the applicable Liquidation Preference (as
defined below) per share of such Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid
dividends, if any. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed
among the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such
holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Preferred
Stock in proportion to the full aforesaid preferential amount each such holder is otherwise
entitled to receive under this Section 2(a). The Liquidation Preference for (i) the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be $0.65385 per share, (ii) the Series B Preferred Stock shall be $0.26175
per share, (iii) the Series C Preferred Stock shall be $2.32335 per share and (iv) the Series D
Preferred Stock shall be $11.517 per share, in each case as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassification and the like.

(b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distributions
required by Section 2(a) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution
to stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of the Common Stock pro rata based on
the number of shares of Common Stock held by each. Notwithstanding the above or Section 4(c)
below, for purposes of determining the amount each holder of shares of Preferred Stock is
entitled to receive with respect to a Liquidation Transaction (as defined below), each such holder
of shares of a series of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have converted (regardless of whether
such holder actually converted) such holder’s shares of such series into shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to the Liquidation Transaction if, as a result of an actual conversion, such
holder would receive, in the aggregate, an amount greater than the amount that would be
distributed to such holder if such holder did not convert such series of Preferred Stock into shares
of Common Stock.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if the
Corporation shall (A) sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property
or business, (B) merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited liability
company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) (except a
merger or consolidation in which the holders of capital stock of the Corporation immediately
prior to such merger or consolidation continue to hold at least 50% of the voting power of the
capital stock of the Corporation or the surviving or acquiring entity), or (C) transfer (whether by
merger, consolidation or otherwise), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to a
person or group of affiliated persons (other than an underwriter of the Corporation’s securities),
the Corporation’s securities if, after such transfer, such person or group of affiliated persons
would hold 50% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation (or the surviving or
acquiring entity) (any such transaction, a “Liquidation Transaction’); provided that none of the
following shall be considered a Liquidation Transaction: (i) a merger effected exclusively for
the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation or (ii) a bona fide equity financing the
purpose of which is raising capital and in which the Corporation is the surviving corporation. In
the event of a merger or consolidation of the Corporation that is deemed pursuant to this section
to be a Liquidation Transaction, all references in this Section 2 to “assets of the Corporation”

3

SV\1438167.3
shall be deemed instead to refer to the aggregate consideration to be paid to the holders of the
Corporation’s capital stock in such merger or consolidation. The treatment of any particular
transaction or series of related transactions as a Liquidation Transaction may be waived by the
vote or written consent of the holders of (i) a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series
A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class and on an
as-converted basis, (ii) a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock,
voting as a separate class, and (iii) a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series D
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class (together, the approval required in (i) through (iii), the

“Required Majority”).

(ii) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
liquidation as described in Section 2(c)(i) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation
is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued
as follows, unless otherwise specified in a definitive agreement for the acquisition of the
Corporation:

(A) — Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange, the value
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors (including the affirmative vote of
both Preferred Directors (as defined below)) and derived from the closing prices of the securities
on such exchange over a specified time period;

(2)  Ifactively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors (including the affirmative vote of
both Preferred Directors) and derived from the closing bid or sales prices (whichever is
applicable) of such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors
(including the affirmative vote of both Preferred Directors).

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(c)(ii)(A)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors (including the affirmative vote of both Preferred Directors).

(iii) Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation

Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the stockholders’ meeting called to approve such
Liguidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Transaction,
whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such
Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and
conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the

4

SV\1438167.3
Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. Unless
such notice requirements are waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall not take place sooner
than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than 10
days after the Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Restated Certificate, all notice periods or
requirements in this Restated Certificate may be shortened or waived, either before or after the
action for which notice is required, upon the vote or written consent of the Required Majority.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing
of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as
such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the
first notice referred to in Section 2(c)(iii).

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable at the election of any
holder or holders thereof.

4, Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Preferred
Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of
issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into
such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by
dividing the applicable Original Issue Price (as defined below) for such share of Preferred Stock
by the Conversion Price applicable to such share, determined as hereafter provided, in effect on
the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. As of the date of filing of this Restated
Certificate (the “Filing Date”), the Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
be $0.65385, the Conversion Price per share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be $0.26175, the
Conversion Price per share of Series C Preferred Stock shall be $2.32335 and the Conversion
Price per share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be $11.517. Such Conversion Price shall be
subject to adjustment as set forth in this Section 4. The number of shares of Common Stock into
which each share of Preferred Stock of a series may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the
“Conversion Rate” for each such series. “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.65385 per share
for the Series A Preferred Stock, $0.26175 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock, $2.32335
per share for the Series C Preferred Stock and $11.517 per share for the Series D Preferred Stock
(in each case, subject to adjustment from time to time for any stock dividend, stock split,
combination of shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event as
set forth elsewhere herein).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Rate in effect at the
time for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as provided below in Section 4(c),
the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering
pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities

5

S$V\1438167.3
Act”), which results in total gross offering proceeds to the Corporation of not less than
$50,000,000 (net of underwriting commissions and expenses) (a “Qualified IPO”) or (ii) the date
specified by written consent or agreement of the Required Majority.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion, Before any holder of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to convert such Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, the holder shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or
of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state
therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are
to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such
office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall
be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior
to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of such series of Preferred
Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of
such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act the conversion
may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned
upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in
which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of such Preferred
Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the
closing of such sale of securities. Upon the occurrence of either of the events specified in
Section 4(b) above, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically
without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent; provided,
however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of
Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided below, or
the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost,
stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the
Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the
occurrence of such automatic conversion of the Preferred Stock, the holders of Preferred Stock
shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of the Corporation or any
transfer agent for the Preferred Stock. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such
holder promptly at such office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or
certificates, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the
shares of Preferred Stock surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic
conversion occurred.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of each series of Preferred

Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Issuance of Additional Stock below Original Issue Price.
If the Corporation should issue, at any time after the Filing Date, any Additional Stock (as

6

SV\1438167.3
defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Conversion
Price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such
Additional Stock (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the
Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall
automatically be adjusted as set forth in this Section 4(d)(i), unless otherwise provided in this
Section 4(d)(i).

(A) Adjustment Formula, Whenever the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new Conversion Price shall be determined,
calculated to the nearest hundredth of a cent, by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect
by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the “Outstanding Common’’) plus the number of
shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for such
issuance of Additional Stock would purchase at such Conversion Price; and (y) the denominator
of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common plus the number of shares of
such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation, the term “Outstanding
Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued, as of immediately prior to such
issuance, pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)E) below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For purposes of
this Section 4(d)(i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Filing
Date other than:

(1) Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ii) or Section 4(d)(iii)
hereof;

(2) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation pursuant to awards granted under the
Corporation’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan that are approved by the Board of Directors, including
both Preferred Directors (as defined below);

(3) shares of capital stock, or options or
warrants to purchase capital stock, issued to financial institutions, equipment lessors or similar
persons in connection with commercial credit arrangements, equipment financings, commercial
property lease transactions, strategic partnership or similar transactions approved by the Board of
Directors, including both Preferred Directors;

(4) shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion or exercise of convertible or exercisable securities outstanding as of the Filing Date
including, without limitation, warrants, notes or options;

(5) shares of capital stock, or warrants or
options to purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or
similar transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors, including both
Preferred Directors;

SV\1438167.3
(6) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred
Stock or Series D Preferred Stock;

(7) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
in a Qualified IPO prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
will be converted to Common Stock;

(8) shares of capital stock issued or issuable to
an entity as a component of any business relationship with such entity primarily for the purpose
of (A) joint venture, technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply or
manufacture of the Corporation’s products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving
corporate partners that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which
business relationship with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors, including both
Preferred Directors; and

(9) shares of capital stock that the Required
Majority elect in writing to exclude from the definition of “Additional Stock” for purposes of
this Section 4.

(C) NoFractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent
per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this
sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment
being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving
rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of
the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors (including
affirmative consent of both Preferred Directors) irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case
of the issuance after the Filing Date of securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder
thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (the “Common
Stock Equivalents”), the following provisions shall apply for all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or

8

SV\1438167.3
exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or
such Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration,
if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and related Common Stock
Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise
of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Section 4(d)(i)(D)).

(2) Inthe event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents, other than a change
resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock Equivalents,
shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange
or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(1)(E)(1) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either Section 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)()(E)(3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(d)(i)(E)(2) and 4(d)(i)(E)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
4(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the Filing Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased
so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such

9

SV\1438167.3
series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents
with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from
time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Filing Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d)(i) or 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as
though it were a dividend calculated pursuant to Section 1.

(f) Recapitalizations, If at any time or from time to time there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or
sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall
be made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property
of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any
such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this
Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the end that the provisions of Section 1, Section 2 and this Section 4
(including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares
purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be
as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued
shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. The number of shares issuable upon such
conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock the
holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such aggregate conversion. If the conversion would result in any fractional share,
the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any such fractional share, pay the holder thereof an
amount in cash equal to the fair market value of such fractional share on the date of conversion,
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its

10

SV\1438167.3
expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth
such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder
of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth
(A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for each series of Preferred
Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if
any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of a share of
each series of Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
to each holder of Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice
specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

(1) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares

of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the
Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time
the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect
the conversion of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other
remedies as shall be available to any holder of Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such
corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such
purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite
stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Restated Certificate.

(j) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation.

(k) | NoImpairment. The Corporation will not through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation but will use all good faith efforts to assist in
the carrying out of all the provisions of this Article IV(B) and in the taking of such action as may
be necessary or appropriate to protect the conversion rights of the holders of Preferred Stock
against impairment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Article (B) shall prohibit the
Corporation from amending its Certificate of Incorporation with the requisite consent of its
stockholders and the Corporation’s Board of Directors.

11

SV\1438167.3
5. Voting Rights.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided
by this Restated Certificate or as required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders
of Common Stock shall vote together and not as separate classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided by this Restated
Certificate or required by law, there shall be no series voting.

(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall] be entitled
to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of
Preferred Stock held by such holder could be converted as of the record date. The holders of
shares of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which the Common Stock
shall be entitled to vote. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any
stockholders’ meeting in the same manner as holders of Common Stock. Fractional votes shall
not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the application of the
provisions set forth in Section 4 above (after aggregating all shares into which shares of
Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be disregarded.

(d) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be
entitled to one vote for each share thereof held. The number of authorized shares of Common
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then
outstanding) by (in addition to any vote of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock
that may be required by the terms of this Restated Certificate) the affirmative vote or written
consent, as provided by law, of the holders of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General
Corporation Law. No class vote of the holders of the outstanding Common Stock shall be
required to approve any such amendment, such right to a class vote being hereby affirmatively
waived in accordance with Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

6. Protective Provisions. So long as at least 1,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like),
the Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first
obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the Required Majority:

(a) effect a Liquidation Transaction;

(b) amend any provision of this Restated Certificate or the
Corporation’s Bylaws that would change any rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
applicable to the holders of Preferred Stock;

(c) increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock;

(d) authorize any class or series of capital stock, including any security
convertible into or exercisable for any equity security, having a preference over, or being on a

12

SV\1438167.3
parity with, any series of Preferred Stock with respect to voting (other than the pari passu voting
rights of Common Stock), dividends, redemption, conversion or liquidation;

(e) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set funds
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common
Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of
Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing
services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the
Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than cost upon the occurrence
of certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the exercise of any right of
first refusal;

(f) take any action resulting in payment of dividends or distributions
with respect to capital stock of the Corporation (other than redemptions and repurchases
permitted under Clause (e) above);

(g) appoint a new Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation;

(h) change the authorized number of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors;

(i) change the Corporation’s auditors or change the Corporation’s
accounting practices (unless such change is required pursuant to generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States);

(j) incur indebtedness in a principal amount exceeding $5,000,000;

(k) transfer any material assets of the Corporation to any person or
entity (other than to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation).

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares of Preferred
Stock so converted shall be cancelled and shall not be issuable by the Corporation. This
Restated Certificate shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the
Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

8. Election of Directors. So long as at least an aggregate of 1,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-
converted basis, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at
each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of
directors (the “Series A/B Director”). So long as at least 1,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred
Stock remain outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the
like), the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, shall be entitled to elect
one member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent
of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors (the “Series C Director,” and
together with the Series A/B Director, the “Preferred Directors”). The holders of Common Stock,

13

SV\1438167.3
voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the
election of directors. Any additional members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors shall be
elected by the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on
an as-converted basis. If a vacancy on the Board of Directors is to be filled by the Board of
Directors, only directors elected by the same class or classes of stockholders as those who would
be entitled to vote to fill such vacancy shall vote to fill such vacancy.

ARTICLE V

Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to
make, alter or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VII

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the
same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally
liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director.

(B) The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served
at any other enterprise as a director or officer at the request of the Corporation or any
predecessor to the Corporation.

(C) Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII,
shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter occurring, or any
action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VII, would accrue or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE VIII

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the
Bylaws of the Corporation may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to
any provision contained in the statutes) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places
as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

14

SV\1438167.3
ARTICLE IX
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE X

The Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in, or in being
offered an opportunity to participate in, an Excluded Opportunity. An “Excluded Opportunity”
is any matter, transaction or interest that is presented to, or acquired, created or developed by, or
which otherwise comes into the possession of, (i) any director of the Corporation who is not an
employee of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, or (ii) any holder of Preferred Stock or
any partner, member, director, stockholder, employee or agent of any such holder, other than
someone who is an employee of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries (collectively,
“Covered Persons”), unless such matter, transaction or interest is presented to, or acquired,
created or developed by, or otherwise comes into the possession of, a Covered Person expressly
and solely in such Covered Person’s capacity as a director of the Corporation.

ARTICLE XI

Except as provided in ARTICLE IV and ARTICLE VII above, the Corporation reserves
the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate, in
the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders
herein are granted subject to this reservation.

15

$V\1438167.3
