State of Delaware
Secretary of State

Division of Corporations
Delivered 02:15 PM 06/22/2006
FILED 02:15 PM 06/22/2006
SRV 060602494 - 4179890 FILE

STATE of DELAWARE
CERTIFICATE of INCORPORATION
of SEMANTIC SUGAR, INC.

I
The name of this Corporation is Semantic Sugar, Inc.
I]

The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware and the name of its registered agent
is Agents and Corporations, Inc., Suite 600, One Commerce Center, 1201 Orange Street,
Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware, 19801.

i

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations
may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

IV

A. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively,
"Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock". The total number of shares which the Corporation is
authorized to issue is Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares, par value One Tenth of One Cent
($0.001) per share, of which Ten Million (10,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock and Ten
Million (10,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock.

B. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board of
Directors is authorized to determine the designation of any series, to establish the number of
shares of any series of the undesignated Preferred Stock, and to fix the powers, preferences and
rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof,
and, within the limits and restrictions stated in any resolution or resolutions of the Board of
Directors originally fixing the number of shares constituting any series of the undesignated
Preferred Stock, to increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of any such series
then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series subsequent to the issue of shares of
that series. In case the number of shares of any series shall be so decreased, the shares

asggeotr 7a m@.roammiin ote

Trtmmrnma nAanmnnaazaseUVaUISahOOUaimy:e
constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the
resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series.

Vv
The name and mailing address of the incorporator are as follows:
Charles LeHuray-Jones, 586 Clipper Street, San Francisco, CA 94114
VI
The initial Board of Directors shall consist of one (1) director. The name and mailing address of
the person who is to serve as the sole director until the first annual meeting of the stockholders or
until his successor is elected and qualified is as follows:

Charles LeHuray-Jones, 586 Clipper Street, San Francisco, CA 94114

The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be fixed by or
in the manner provided in the By-laws.

VII

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is
expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal the By-laws of the corporation.

Vill

Pursuant to Section 211(e) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the directors of the
Corporation shall not be required to be elected by written ballots.

IX
A. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists
or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the
Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

B. The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person made or
threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative

mum mermmsidinm
or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a director or
officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served at any other
enterprise as a director or officer at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor to the
Corporation.

C. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article [X, nor the adoption of any provision of the
Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article DX, shall eliminate or
reduce the effect of this Article IX in respect of any mater occurring, or any action or
proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article IX, would accrue or arise, priar to such
amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

xX
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
XI
The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in

this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute and herein,
and all rights conferred upon the stockholders herein are granted subject to this right.

I, The Undersigned, for the purpose of forming a corporation under the laws of the State of
Delaware, do make, file and record this Certificate, and do certify that the facts herein stated are
true, and I have accordingly hereunto set my hand this 22™ day of June, A.D. 2006.

Charles LeHuray-Jones
Sole Incorporator
