State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 12:02 PM 10/31/2005

; FILED 11:58 AM 10/31/2005
AMENDED AND RESTATED SRV 050886753 - 9994060 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
oF SU0- |
ADVENT SOLAR, INC.
(Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware)
The undersigned, Russell R. Schmit, hereby certifics that:

1. He is the duly elected and acting President of Advent Solar, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed
with the Secretary of State of Delaware on January 27, 2005.

3. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and
restated to read in full as follows:

The name of this corporation is Advent Solar, Inc. (the Corporation’).
ARTICLE I

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is
2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, County of New Castle, 19808. The name of its
tegistered agent al such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE TI]

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in, promote, conduct and carry on
any lawful acts or activities for which corporations may be organized under the Delaware
General Corporation Law. In addition to the foregoing, and without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the purposes of the Corporation include research,
development, manufacturing and marketing of photovoltaic products.

ARTICLE IV

A. CLASSES OF STOCK; RANK.

1. Designation of Scrics. The aggregate number of shares of stock that the
Corporation shall have the authority to issue shall be 83,714,656 shares, consisting of
(a) 45,000,000 shares of Common Stock. par value $0.0001 per share (“Common
Stock”), and (») 38.714.656 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of
which 958,394 shares shall be designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the
“Series A Preferred Stock”), 9,510,291 shares shall be designated Series B Convertible

DOCSSV 1 :427528.5
Preferred Stock (the “Scries B Preferred Stock”) and~28,245,971 "shares: shall be
designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the- “Series C Preferred Stock”). The
original issuance price of the Séries A Preferred ‘Stock. shall be $0.85®per share (thc
“Original Series A Issue Price”). The original issuance price of the Series B’ Preferred »
Stock shall be:$0.85 per-sharé (the “Original Series B Issue Price’). The original issuance
price of the Series’C- Preferred Stock shall be $1.0735 (the “Original Series C_Issué
Price’). The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or
decreased (but nol below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majonly of the stock of the Corporation (voting
together on an as-converted basis).

2. Rank. The. Series C Preferred Stock shall rank senior-to the Series B,
Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock. the Common Stock’and any other capital stock
‘of the Corporation that is junior to the Series C Preferred’ Stock (collectively with ther
Series B Preferred Stock, Seriés A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, the “Junior °
-Shares’’) as to dividends, redemption and upon a Liquidation Event (as defined in Article’
_-TV; Division’B, Section 2(a) below): The Series B Preferred Stock shall rank junior to the
Series C Preferred Stock, but senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, the Common Stock
and any other capital stock of the Corporation that is junior to the Series B Preferred
Stock (collectively with the Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, the “Junior
to Scrics B Shares’’) as to dividends, redemption and upon a Liquidation Event. The
Serics A Preferred Stock shall rank junior to the Series B Preferred Stock but senior to
the Common Stock and any other capital stock of the Corporation that is junior to the
Series A Preferred Stock (collectively with the Common Stock, the “Junior to Series A
Shares’’) as to dividends, redemption and upon a T.iquidation Event.

B. RIGHTS, PREFERENCES, PRIVILEGES AND RESTRICTIONS OF
PREFERRED STOCK AND COMMON STOCK.

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed upon
the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock
and the Common Stock are set forth in this Article IV Division B.

1. Dividend Provisions.

(a) Holders of Series C Preferred Stock. The holders of Serics C
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive oul of any assets Jegally available therefor,
prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Junior
Shares, dividends at the annual rate of seven percent (7%) ofthe Original Series C Issue-
Price (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock
combinations and other similar capitalization changes) based on a 365 day year
(“Series C_Accruing Dividends’), payable when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors. The:Series-‘C Accruing Dividends shall be paid-in kind in additional shares of ”
Series C Preferred Stock valued at the Original Series.C Issue Price (as adjusted for any
stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations and other similar
capitalization changes). Such dividends shall accrue on the Series C Preferred Stock
from day to day commencing on the date of issuance thereof, whether or not earned or

DOCSSV 1:427828.5

N
declared and whether or not the Corporation’s total assets would be less than the sum the
Corporation’s total liabilitics and the maximum amount that then would be payable in
any liquidation in respect of all outstanding shares having preferential rights in
liquidation, and‘shall-be-cumulative. In addition to Series C Accruing Dividends, in the
event that dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock (other than dividends paid
in additional shares of Common Stock for which an adjustment to the Series C
Conversion Price (as defined in Section 3(a)(i) below) is made pursuant to Section 3(g)
below), an additional dividend shall be paid with respect to all outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock in an amount per share (on an as-if converted to Common Stock
basis) equal to the amount paid or set aside for each share of Common Stock. In
conjunction with the payment of any Series C Accruing Dividends in kind, the
Corporation shall promptly issue and deliver the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, a
certificate or certificates for the number of additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock
to be so issued.

(b) Holders of Series B Preferred Stock. The holders of SenesB
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of any assets legally available therefor,
prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Junior to
Series B Shares, dividends at the annual rate of seven percent (7%) of the Original
Series B Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits,
stock combinations and other similar capitalization changes) based on a 365 day year
(“Series B_Accruing Dividends”), payable when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors. Thc Series B Accruing Dividends shall be paid in kind in additional shares of
Series B Preferred Stock valued at the Original Series B Issue Price (as adjusted for any
stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations and other similar
capitalization changes). Such dividends shall accrue on the Series B Preferred Stock
from day to day commencing on the date of issuance thereof, whether or not earned or
declared and whether or not the Corporation’s total assets would be less than the sum the
Corporation's total liabilities and the maximum amount that then would be payable in
any liquidation in respect of all outstanding shares having preferential rights in
liquidation, and shall be cumulative. In addition to Series B Accruing Dividends. in the
event that dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock (other than dividends paid
in additional shares of Common Stock for which an adjustment to the Series B
Conversion Price (as defined in Section 3(b)(i) below) is made pursuant to Section 3(g)
below), an additional dividend shall be paid with respect to all outstanding shares of
Scrics B Preferred Stock in an amount per share (on an as-if converted to Common Stock
basis) equal to the amount paid or set aside for each share of Common Stock. In
conjunction with the payment of any Series B Accruing Dividends in kind, the
Corporation shall promptly issue and deliver the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, a
certificate or certificates for the number of additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock
to be so issued.

(c) Holders of Series A Preferred Stock. The holders of Serics A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of any assets legally available therefor,
prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Junior to
Series A Shares, dividends at the annual rale of seven percent (7%) of the Original Series
A Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock

DOCSSV1-82752% 5 3
combinations and other similar capitalization changes) based on a 365 day year
(“Series A Accruing Dividends”), payable when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors. The Series A Accruing Dividends shall be paid in kind in additional shares of
Series A Preferred Stock valued at the Original Series A Issue Price (as adjusted for any
stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations and other similar
capitalization changes). Such dividends shall accrue on the Series A Preferred Stock
from day to day commencing on the date of issuance of thereof, whether or not earned or
declared and whether or not the Corporation's total asscts would be less than the sum the
Corporation’s total liabilities and the maximum amount that then would be payable in
any liquidation in respect of all outstanding shares having preferential rights in
liquidation, and shall be cumulative. In addition to Series A Accruing Dividends, in the
event that dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock (other than dividends paid
in additional sharcs of Common Stock for which an adjustment to the Series A
Conversion Price (as defined in Section 3(c)(i) below) is made pursuant to Section 3(g)
below), an additional dividend shall be paid with respect to all outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock in an amount per share (on an as-if converted to Common Stock
basis) equal to the amount paid or set aside for each share of Common Stock. In
conjunction with the payment of any Series A Accruing Dividends in kind, the
Corporation shall promptly issue and deliver the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, a
certificate or certificates for thc number of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock
to be so issued.

(d) Holders of Common Stock. The holders of Common Stock shall!
be entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors, but only out of
any assets legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time
by the Board of Directors; provided, however, no cash dividends shall be declared and/or
paid with respect to Common Stock until all Series C Accruing Dividends, Series B
Accruing Dividends and Series A Accruing Dividends have been paid in full.

2. Liquidation. *

(a) Preference of Series C Preferred Stock. In the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation (each such event, a “Liquidation
Event”), either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Junior Shares by reason of their ownership thereof, an

- amount.per share‘equal to the sum of (i) the Original Series C Issue Price (as adjusted for -

~any: “stock. splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations and 6ther -

similar capitalization changes) and (ii) any accrued but unpaid Series C Accruing r
:Dividends to which such holder is entitled (such sum; the “Series C Liquidation,
Amount’ ’).4 If upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the assets and funds legally
‘available for distribution to stockholders shall be insufficient to permit the payment to all
holders of Series C Preferred Stock of the full Series C Liquidation Amount, then the
entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution to
stockholders shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock
based on the preferential amounts each such holder is otherwise entitled to reccive.

DOCSSV1:427528.5 4
(b) Preference of Series B Preferred Stock. Upon a Liquidation Event
and after all holders of Scrics C Preferred Stock have received payment of the full
Series C Liquidation Amount, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the remaining assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Junior to Series B Shares by reason of their ownership
thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) the Original Series B Issue Price (as
adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations and
other similar capitalization changes) and (ii) any accrued but unpaid Series B Accruing
Dividends to which such holder is entitled (such sum, the “Series B Liquidation
Amount”). If upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, all holders of Series C
Preferred Stock have received payment of the full Series C Liquidation Amount and the
remaining assets and funds legally available for distribution to stockholders shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to all holders of Series B Preferred Stock of the full
Series B Liquidation Amount, then such remaining assets and funds of the Corporation
legally available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of Series B Preferred Stock based on the preferential amounts each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive.

(c) Preference of Series A Preferred Stock. Upon a Liquidation Event
and after all holders of Series C Preferred Stock have received payment of the full
Series C Liquidation Amount and all holders of Series B Preferred Stock have received
payment of the full Series B Liquidation Amount, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be cntitlcd to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the
remaining assets of the Corporation to the holders of Junior to Series A Shares by reason
of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) the Original Series
A Tssue Price (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock
combinations and other similar capitalization changes) and (ii) any accrued but unpaid
Series A Accruing Dividends to which such holder is entitled (such sum, the “Series A
Liquidation Amount”). If upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, all holders of
Series C Preferred Stock have received payment of the full Series C Liquidation Amount
and all holders of Series B Preferred Stock have received payment of the full Series B
Liquidation Amount. and the remaining assets and funds legally available for distribution
to stockholders shall be insufficient to permit the payment to all holders of Series A
Preferred Stock of the full Series A Liquidation Amount, then such remaining assets and
funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution to stockholders shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock based on the
preferential amounts each such holder is utherwise entitled to receive.

(d) Other Distributions. Afler the payment of all preferential amounts
required to be paid to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series A Preferred Stock upon a Liquidation Event, the assets and funds of the
Corporation remaining available for distribution to stockholders, “if~any,~ shall—be~
distributed ratably among the holders of Common Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, -
Series. B Preferred: Stock and Series A Preferred Stock on an as-converted to Common:
Stock basisr(assuming for purposes of this calculation that all Series C Accruing-
Dividends, Series B Accruing Dividends and Series A Accruing-Dividends are: paid in -
“shares of Common Stock at the then applicahle Series C. Conversion Price, Series B *

NOCSSV1-427528 5

wr
Conversion Price and Series A Conversion Price, respectively, until such time asthe -

holders of Series A-Preferred- Stock have reccived-an amount per share of Series-A *

Preferred .Stock (the “Participation Amount”)- which, when added to the Series A

Liquidation-Amount, equals, in the aggregate, three-times-the Original Series-A Issue -

Price.’ After the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have received the Participation
Amount, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive no further
distributions and the assets and funds of the Corporation remaining available for
distribution to stockholders shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Common
Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis (assuming for purposes of this calculation that all Series C
Accruing Dividends and Series B Accruing Dividends are paid in shares of Common
Stock at the then applicable Series C Conversion Price and Series B Conversion Price,
respectively).

(e) Consolidation, Merger, Etc. (i) Any consolidation or merger of the
Corporation with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, or any other
corporate rcorganization, in which the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior
to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, do not hold at least a majority of the
resulting or surviving corporation’s voting power immediately after such consolidation,
merger or reorganization (solely in respect of their equity interests in the Corporation),
(ii) the sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Corporation or (iii) a Sale of Voting Control (each, a “Change of Control
Transaction”) shall be deemed to be a Liquidation Event, unless the holders of at least a
majority of the Preferred Stock, consenting or voting, as the case may be, together as a
single class, determine otherwise; provided, however, that the initial issuance and sale of
up to 27,945,971 shares of Series C Preferred Stock to certain investors on or about
October 2005 shall not be deemed to be a Liquidation Event or a Change of Control.
“Sale of Voting Control” means the transfer by stockholders of the Corporation (in one or
a series of related transactions) to one person or group of related persons of shares
constituting not less than a majority of the outstanding voting capital stock of the
Corporation.

(D Consideration. If any of the assets of the Corporation are to be
distributed under this Section 2 in a form other than cash, the fair market value of such
assets shall be determined in good faith by the Corporation and the holders of not less
than a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding. Any securities shall be
valued as follows:

Gi) Securities not subject to investment Icttcr or other similar
restrictions on frcec marketability covered by (11) below:

(A) If traded on a securities exchange or through the
Nasdaq Stock Market (‘Nasdaq’), the value shall be deemed to be the average of the
closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq over the 19 day period
ending three days prior to the closing;

DOCSSV 1:427528.5 6

‘
(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall
be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable)
over the 30 day period ending three days prior to the closing; and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be
the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by
virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to
reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors.

(iii) | The Corporation shall give each holder of record of Series
A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock written notice
of the transaction which, if effected, will constitute a Liquidation Event or Change of
Control Transaction not later than 20 days prior to the stockholders’ meeting called to
approve such transaction, or 20 days prior to the closing of such transaction, whichever is
earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such
transaction. The first noticc shall describe the material terms and conditions of the
pending transaction and the provisions of this Section 2(e). The Corporation shall
thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes in the terms of the
pending transaction. The transaction shall in na event take place sooner than 20 days
after the Corporation has given the first notice or sooner than 10 days atter the
Corporation has given notice of any material changes in the terms of such transaction. In
the event the requirements of this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation
shall forthwith cither:

(A) cause such closing to be postponed until such time
as the requirements of this Section 2(e) have been complied with; or

(B) cance} such transaction, in which event the nghts,
preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and
Series C Preferred Stock shall continue in effect in accordance with the terms of this
Certificate of Incorporation, as the same mzy be amended from time to time.

3. Conversion.

(a) Conversion of Series C Preferred Stock. The holders of Series C
Preferred Stock shall have the following conversion rights (the “Series C Conversion
Rights’):

(i) Right to Convert. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock
shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time,
into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Original Series C Issue Price (as adjusted for anv stock splits,
stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations and other similar capitalization

DOCSSV 1:427528.5 7
changes) by the Series C Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The conversion price of Series C Preferred Stock (the “Series C Conversion
Price”) shall initially be $1.0735 per share. The Series C Conversion Price, and the rate
at which shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common
Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided below.

(ii) Automatic Conversion. All shares of Series C Preferred
Stock then outstanding shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock, at
the then effective Series C Conversion Price, upon (A) the vote or consent in wniting of
holders of at least a three-fourths (3/4) majority of the shares of Preferred Stock then
outstanding (the “Majority Preferred Stockholders’) that all of the Preferred Stock shall
be converted into shares of Common Stock, or (B) upon the closing of the sale of shares
of Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
‘Securities Act’), in which (1) the public offering price per share is at least three (3) times
the Original Series C Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse
stock splits, stock combinations and other similar capitalization changes), and (II) the net
cash proceeds to the Corporation (after deduction of underwriting discount, commissions
and expenses of sale) are at least $25,000,000 (a “Qualified Public Offening’’).

(iii) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock
shall be issued upon conversion of Series C Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional
shares to which a holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash in an
amount equal to the product (calculated to the nearest cent) of such fraction and the fair
market value of one share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be
determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock that the
holder is then converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

(iv) Mechanics of Conversion.

(A) | Upon conversion of a share of Series C Preferred
Stock pursuant to Section 3(a)(i), any and all accrued but unpaid Series C Accruing
Dividends with respect to such share shall be paid, at the holder’s option, in shares of
Series C Preferred Stock or in shares of Common Stock or any combination thereof.
Upon conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3(a)(ii), any
and all accrued but unpaid Series C Accming Dividends with respect to all such shares
shall be paid in shares of Common Stock. For all purposes hereunder, shares of Common
Stock issued in payment of Series C Accruing Dividends shall be valued at the then
current Series C Conversion Price.

(B) Except as provided in subparagraph (C) below, in
order for a holder of Scrics C Preferred Stock to convert shares of Series C Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or
certificates representing such shares of Series C Preferred Stock, at the office of the
transfer agent for the Series C Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the

DOCSSV: .427528.5 8
Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent), together with written
notice that such holder elects to convert all or any portion of the shares of the Series C
Preferred Stock represented by such certificate or certificates. Such notice shall state (x)
such holder’s name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued and (y) whether such
holder elects to be paid any accrued but unpaid Series C Accruing Dividends with respect
to such shares of Series C Preferred Stock in shares of Series C Preferred Stock or in
sharcs of Common Stock or in some combination thereof. If required by the Corporation.
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written
instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly
executed by the registered holder or such holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing.
The date of receipt of such certificates and notice by the transfer agent (or by the
Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) shall be the conversion
date (‘Series C Conversion Date”). If the conversion is in connection with an
underwnitten offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securilies Act that is not a
Qualified Public Offering, the conversion may at the option of any holder tendering
Series C Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the
underwriter of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the
person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of
Series C Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Series C Preferred
Stock until immediately prior to the closing of the sale of securities. The Corporation
shall, as soon as practicable afler the Series C Conversion Date, issue and deliver to the
holder of such Series C Preferred Stock, or to such holder’s nominees, a certificate or
certificates representing the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is
entitled upon conversion of such Series C Preferred Stock (including shares of Common
Stock issued in payment of Series C Accruing Dividends that a holder has elected to be
paid in shares of Common Stock), and a certificate or certificates representing the number
of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued in payment of Series C Accruing Dividends
that a holder has elected to be paid in shares of Series C Preferred Stock, together with
cash in lieu of any fractional share.

(C) In the event of a conversion pursuant to
Section 3(a)(1i) above, the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be
converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and
whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation
or its transfer agents. Such automatic conversion shall be deemed to have been made on
the effective dale of the applicable vote or written consent or immediately prior to the
closing of the Qualified Public Offering, as the case may be, and the person or persons
entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such sharcs of Common Stock
on such date, which date shall be the ‘Series C Automatic Conversion Date.”
Immediatcly upon such automatic conversion, all shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall
no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares,
including the rights. if any, to receive notices and to vote, shall immediately cease and
lerminate, except only the right of the holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate
or certificates therefor, to receive certificates representing the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such Series C Preferred Stock has becn converted, together

NOCSSV 1-427528.5 9
with cash in lieu of any fractional share, as provided in Section 3{a)(ili) above. In the
event that the automatic conversion of Series C Preferred Stock is pursuant to the vote or
consent of the Majority Preferred Stockholders that all of the Preferred Stock be
converted into shares of Common Stock, the Majority Preferred Stockholders shall give
written notice to the Corporation and to each other holder of Preferred Stock (the
“Majority Preferred Conversion Notice”) promptly following the vote or consent, as
applicable, that all of the Preferred Stock, including shares of Series C Preferred Stock,
shall be converted to Common Stock. In the event that the automatic conversion of
Series C Preferred Stock is in connection with a Qualified Public Offering, the
Corporation shall give the holders of Series C Preferred Stock reasonable notice of, but in
no event less than 45 business days prior to, the closing of the Qualified Public Offering.
Promptly following the date on which the Majority Preferred Stockholders give the
Majority Preferred Conversion Notice or at the closing of the Qualified Public Offering,
as the case may be, cach holdcr of Series C Preferred Stock shall surrender to the
Corporation or its transfer agent the certificate(s) representing such holder’s Series C
Preferred Stock together with a notice thal states such holder’s name or the names of the
nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of
Common Stock to be issued. If so required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered
for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or instruments of
transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or
such holder’s attorncy duly authorized in writing. The Corporation shall not be obligated
to issue certificates representing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
automatic conversion unless and until the certificates representing such shares of Series C
Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided
above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificate or
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to
the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection
with such certificates, including an indemnity bond in such amount as the Corporation
deems appropriate in its discretion. As soon as practicable following the Series C
Automatic Conversion Date and the surrender by the holder of the certificate or
certificates representing Series C Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall cause to be
issued and delivered to such holder, or to such holder’s nominees, a certificate or
certificates representing the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is
entitled upon conversion of such Series C Preferred Stock, together with cash in lieu of
any fractional share.

(D) The Corporation shall at all times when shares of
Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized
but unissued stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of Series C Preferred
Stock and the payment of any and al] accrued but unpaid Series C Accruing Dividends,
such number of its duly authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock
and the payment of any and all accrued but unpaid Series C Accruiny Dividends in shares
of Common Stock. Before taking any action which would cause an adjustment reducing
the Series C Conversion Price below the then par value of the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of Series C Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take any
corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the

DOCSSV1-427528.5 10
Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable sharcs of
Common Stock at such adjusted Series C Conversion Price.

(b) | Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock. The holders of Series B
Preferred Stock shall have the following conversion rights (the “Series B Conversion

Rights’):

(i) Right to Convert. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock
shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time,
into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Original Series B Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock splits,
stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations and other similar capitalization
changes) by the Senes B Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion, The conversion price of Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Conversion
Price”) shall initially be $0.85 per share. The Series B Conversion Price, and the rate at
which shares of Series B Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common
Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided below.

(ii} Automatic Conversion. All shares of Serics B Preferred
Stock then outstanding shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock, at
the then effective Series B Conversion Price, upon (A) the vote or consent in writing of
the Majority Preferred Stockholders that all of the Preferred Stock shall be converted into
shares of Common Stock, or (B) upon the closing of a Qualified Public Offering.

(iii) | Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock
shall be issued upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional
shares to which a holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash in an
amount equal to the product (calculated to the nearest cent) of such fraction and the fair
market value of one share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be
determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock that the
holder is then converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock.

(iv) Mechanics of Conversion.

(A) | Upon conversion of a share of Serics B Preferred
Stock pursuant to Section 3(b)(i), any and all accrued but unpaid Series B Accruing
Dividends with respect to such share shall be paid, at the holder’s option, in shares of
Series B Preferred Stock or in shares of Common Stock or any combination thereof.
Upon conversion of shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3(b)(ii), any
and all accrued but unpaid Series B Accruing Dividends with respect to all such shares
shall be paid in shares of Common Stock. For all purposes hereunder, shares of Common
Stock issued in payment of Senes B Accruing Dividends shall be valued at the then
current Series B Conversion Price.

DOC SSV1:427528.5 11
(B) Except as provided in subparagraph (C) below, in
order for a holder of Series B Preferred Stock to convert shares of Series B Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or
certificates representing such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, at the office of the
transfer agent for the Series B Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the
Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent), together with written
notice that such holder elects to convert all or any portion of the shares of the Series B
Preferred Stock represented by such certificate or certificates. Such notice shall state (x)
such holder’s name or the names of the nominces in which such holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued and (y) whether such
holder elects to be paid any accrued but unpaid Series B Accruing Dividends with respect
to such shares of Series B Preferred Stock in shares of Series B Preferred Stock or in
shares of Common Stock or in some combination thereof. If required by the Corporation,
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written
instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly
executed by the registcred holder or such holder’s attomey duly authorized in writing.
The date of receipt of such certificates and notice by the transfer agent (or by the
Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) shall be the conversion
date (‘Series B Conversion Date’). If the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act that is not a
Qualified Public Offering, the conversion may at the option of any holder tendering
Series B Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the
underwriter of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the
person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of
Series B Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Series B Preferred
Stock until immediately prior to the closing of the sale of securities. The Corporation
shall, as soon as practicable after the Series B Conversion Date, issuc and deliver to the
holder of such Series B Preferred Stock, or to such holdcr’s nominees, a certificate or
certificates represcnting the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is
entitled upon conversion of such Series B Preferred Stock (including shares of Common
Stock issued in payment of Series B Accming Dividends that a holder has elected to be
paid in shares of Common Stock), and a certificate or certificates representing the number
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued in payment of Series B Accruing Dividends
that a holder has elected to be paid in shares of Scrics B Preferred Stock, together with
cash in lieu of any fractional share.

(C) In the cvent of a conversion pursuant to
Section 3(b)(ii) above, the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be
converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and
whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation
or its transfer agents. Such automatic conversion shall be deemed to havc been made on
the effective date of the applicable vote or written conscnt or immediately prior to the
closing of the Qualified Public Offering, as the case may be. and the person or persons
entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock
on such date, which date shall be the “Serics B Automatic Conversion Date.”
Immediately upon such automatic conversion, all shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall

DOCSS V 1:427528 5 12
no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares.
including the rights, if any, to receive notices and to vote, shall immediately cease and
terminate, except only the right of the holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate
or certificates therefor. to receive certificates representing the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such Series B Preferred Stock has been converted, togcther
with cash in lieu of any fractional share, as provided in Section 3(b)(iii) above. In the
event that the automatic conversion of Series B Preferred Stock is pursuant to the vote or
consent of the Majority Preferred Stockholders that all of the Preferred Stock be
converted into shares of Common Stock, the Majority Preferred Stockholders shall give
the Majority Preferred Conversion Notice to the Corporation and to each other holder of
Preferred Stock promptly following the vote or consent, as applicable, that all of the
Preferred Stock, including shares of Series B Preferred Stock, shall be converted to
Common Stock. In the event that the automatic conversion of Series B Preferred Stock is
in connection with a Qualified Public Offering, the Corporation shall give the holders of
Series B Preferred Stock rcasonable notice of, but in no event less than 45 business days
prior to, the closing of the Qualified Public Offering. Promptly following the date on
which the Majority Preferred Stockholders give the Majority Preferred Conversion
Nolice or at the closing of the Qualified Public Offering, as the case may be, cach holder
of Series B Preferred Stock shall surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent the
certificate(s) representing such holder’s Series B Preferred Stock together with a notice
that states such holder’s name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes
the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. If so required by
the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or
accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or such holdcr’s attorney duly
authorized in writing. The Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
representing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion
unless and until the certificates representing such shares of Series B Preferred Stock are
either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder
notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificate or certificates have been
lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates, including an indemnity bond in such amount as the Corporation deems
appropriate in its discretion. As soon as practicable following the Series B Automatic
Conversion Datc and the surrender by the holder of the certificate or certificates
representing Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall cause to be issued and
delivered to such holder, or to such holder’s nominees, a certificate or certificates
representing the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled
upon conversion of such Series B Preferred Stock, together with cash in lieu of any
fractional share.

(D) The Corporation shall at all times when shares of
Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized
but unissued stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of Series B Preferred
Stock and the payment of any and all accrued but unpaid Series B Accruing Dividends,
such number of its duly authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Scries B Preferred Stock

DOCSSV 1:427528 13
and the payment of any and all accrued but unpaid Series B Accruing Dividends in shares
of Common Stock. Before taking any action which would cause an adjustment reducing
the Series B Conversion Price below the then par value of the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take any
corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the
Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock at such adjusted Series B Conversion Price.

(c) Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock. The holders of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the following conversion rights (the “Series A Conversion

Rights”):

(i) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time,
into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Original Series A Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock splits,
stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations and other similar capitalization
changes) by the Series A Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The conversion price of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Conversion
Price”) shall initially be $0.85 per share. The Series A Conversion Price, and the rate at
which shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common
Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(e), (f) and (g) of this
Article [V B.

(ii) Automatic Conversion. All shares of Series A Preferred
Stock then outstanding shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock, at
the then effective Series A Conversion Price, upon (A) the vote or consent in writing of
the Majority Preferred Stockholders that all of the Preferred Stock shall be converted into
shares of Common Stock, or (B) upon the closing of a Qualified Public Offering.

(iii) | Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock
shall be issued upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional
shares to which a holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash in an
amount equal to the product (calculated to the nearest cent) of such fraction and the fair
market value of one share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be
determined on the basis of the lotal number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock that the
holder is then converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(iv) | Mechanics of Conversion.

(A) | Upon conversion of a share of Series A Preferred
Stock pursuant to Section 3{c)(i), any and all accrued but unpaid Series A Accruing
Dividends with respect to such share shall be paid, at the holder’s option, in sharcs of
Series A Preferred Stock or shares of Common Stock or any combination thereof. Upon
conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3(c)(ii), any and all!

DOCSSV1:427528.5 14
accrued but unpaid Series A Accruing Dividends with respect to all such shares shall be
paid in shares of Common Stock. For all purposes hereundcr, shares of Common Stock
issued in payment of Series A Accruing Dividends shall be valued at the then current
Series A Conversion Price.

{B) Except as provided in subparagraph (C) below, in
order for a holder of Series A Preferred Stock to convert shares of Series A Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or
certificates representing such shares of Series A Preferred Stock, at the office of the
transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the
Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent), together with written
notice that such holder clects to convert all or any portion of the shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock represented by such certificate or certificates. Such notice shall state (x)
such holdcr’s name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued and (y) whether such
holder elects to be paid any accrued but unpaid Series A Accruing Dividends with respect
to such shares of Series A Preferred Stock in shares of Series A Preferred Stock or in
shares of Common Stock or in some combination thereof. If required by the Corporation,
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a wnitten
instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly
executed by the registered holder or such holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing.
The date of receipt of such certificates and notice by the transfer agent (or by the
Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) shall be the conversion
date (“Series A Conversion Date”). If the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act that is not a
Qualificd Public Offering, the conversion may at the option of any holder tendering
Series A Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the
underwriter of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which cvent the
person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of Series
A Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred Stock
until immediately prior to the closing of the sale of securities. The Corporation shall, as
soon as practicable after the Series A Conversion Date, issue and deliver to the holder of
such Series A Preferred Stock, or to such holder’s nominees, a certificate or certificates
representing the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled
upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock (including sharcs of Common Stock
issued in payment of Series A Accruing Dividends that a holder has elected to be paid in
shares of Common Stock), and a certificate or certificates representing the number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued in payment of Series A Accruing Dividends
that a holder has elected to be paid in shares of Series A Preferred Stock, together with
cash in lieu of anv fractional share.

(C) In the event of a conversion pursuant to
Section 3(c){ii) above, the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and
whether or not the certificates representing such sharcs are surrendered to the Corporation
or its transfer agents. Such automatic conversion shali be deemed to have been made on
the effective date of the applicable vote or wrillen consent or immediately prior to the

NOCSSV1:427528.5 15
closing of the Qualified Public Oftering, as the case may be, and the person or persons
entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock
on such date which date shall be the “Series A Automatic Conversion Date.”
Immediately upon such automatic conversion, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall
no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all mghts with respect to such shares,
including the rights, if any, to receive notices and to vote, shall immediately cease and
terminate, except only the right of the holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate
or certificates thercfor, to receive certificates representing the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such Series A Preferred Stock has been converted, together
with cash in lieu of any fractional share, as provided in Section 3(c)(ili) above. In the
event that the automatic conversion of Series A Preferred Stock is pursuant to the vote or
consent of the Majority Preferred Stockholders that all of the Preferred Stock be
converted into shares of Common Stock, the Majority Preferred Stockholders shall give
the Majority Preferred Conversion Notice to the Corporation and to each other holder of
Preferred Stock promptly following the vote or consent, as applicable, that all of the
Preferred Stock, including shares of Series A Preferred Stock, shall be converted to
Common Stock. In the event that the automatic conversion of Series A Preferred Stock is
in connection with a Qualified Public Offering, the Corporation shall give the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock reasonable notice of, but in no event less than 45 business days
prior to, the closing of the Qualified Public Offcring. Promptly following the dale on
which the Majority Preferrcd Stockholders give the Majority Preferred Conversion
Noticc or at the closing of the Qualified Public Offering, as the case may be, each holder
of Series A Preferred Stock shall surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent the
certificate(s) representing such holder’s Series A Preferred Stock together with a noticc
that states such holder’s name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes
the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. If so required by
the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or
accompanicd by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or such holder’s attorney duly
authorized in writing. The Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
representing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion
unless and until the certificates representing such shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder
notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificate or certificates have been
lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation from any Iass incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. including an indemnity bond in such amount as the Corporation deems
appropmate in its discretion. As soon as practicable following the Series A Automatic
Conversion Date and the surrender by the holder of the certificate or certificates
representing Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall cause to be issued and
delivered to such holder, or to such holder's nominees, a certificate or certificates
representing the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled
upon conversion of such Senes A Preferred Stock, together with cash in lieu of any
fractional share.

DOCSSVL427528 5 16
(D) ‘he Corporation shall at all times when shares of
Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, reserve and kecp available out of its authorized
but unissued stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of Series A Preferred
Stock and the payment of any and all accrued but unpaid Series A Accruing Dividends,
such number of its duly authorized shares of Common Stock as shal! from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and the payment of any and all accrued but unpaid Series A Accruing Dividends in shares
of Common Stock. Before taking any action which would cause an adjustment reducing
the Series A Conversion Pricc below the then par value of the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take any
corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the
Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock at such adjusted Series A Conversion Price.

(d) Adjustments to the SernesB Conversion Pricc or Series C
Conversion Price tor Diluting Issuances.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 3(d), the
following definitions shall apply:

(A)  “Qption” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(B) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which

the first share of Series C Preferred Stock was issued.

(C) ‘Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidence of
indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into, or
exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock.

(D) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean
all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 3(d)(iii) below, deemed to be
issued) by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common
Stock issued (or pursuant to Section 3(d)(iii) below, deemed to be issued) by the
Corporation:

(I) upon the conversion of shares of Scrics A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock or as a dividend or
other distribution on Series A Preferred Stock, Serics B Preferred Stock or Series C
Preferred Stock;

(II) pursuant to an acquisition of another
corporation approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, including at least one
of the Preferred Directors (defined below), whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of
substantially all of the assets or equity securities or otherwise;

(III) shares of Common Stock and/or Options,
and the Common Stock issued pursuant to such Options, issued after the Original Issue

DOCSSV1:427528.5 17
Date to emplayees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Corporation
pursuant to equity compensation plans or arrangements approved by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation, including at least one of the Preferred Directors;

(IV) in connection with leases, lines of credit,
bank financing or similar transactions that are primarily of a non-equity financing nature
and are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, including at least one of
the Preferred Directors;

(V) upon the conversion, exercise or exchange
of Options and Convertible Securities outstanding on the Original Issue Date;

(VI) ina transaction described in Section 3(e), (D
or (g) of this Article [V(B); or

(VID in connection with the Corporation’s initial
public offering.

(11) No Adjustment of Series B Conversion Price or Series C

Conversion Price. No adjustment in the number of shares of Common Stock into which
the Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock is convertible shall be made, by
adjustment in the applicable Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price,
respectively, unless the consideration per share (dctcrmined pursuant to Section 3(d)(v)
below) for an Additional Share of Common Stock issued or deemed to be issued by the
Corporation is less than the Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price,
respectively, in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to, the issuance of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(ii) Deemed Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock.
If the Corporation at any time, or from time to time, after the Original Issue Date shall
issue any Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any
provision contained therein designed to protect against dilution) issuable upon the
exercisc of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor,
the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be
Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issuance, provided that
in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issued:

(A) _ no further adjustment in the Series B Conversion
Price or Series C Conversion Price, as applicable, shall be made upon the subsequent
issuance of Convertible Sccurities or shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of such
Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities;

(B) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration
payable to the Corporation, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, thc Series B Conversion
Price or Series C Conversion Price computed upon the original issuance thereof, and any

DOCSSV1:427528.5 18
subsequent adjustment based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease
becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it
affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible
Securities;

(C) upon the expiration of any such Options or anv
rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have
been exercised, the Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price, as the case
may be, computed upon the original issuance thereof, and any subsequent adjustments
based thereon, shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if,

(1) in the case of Convertible Securities or
Options for Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were
the shares of Common Stock, if any. that were actually issued upon the exercise of such
Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities and the
consideration received therefor was the consideration actually reccived by the
Corporation for the issuance of all such Options, whethcr or not exercised, plus the
consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise, or for the issuance
of all such Convertible Securitics which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the
additional considcration, if any, actually received by the Corporation upon such
conversion or exchange, and

(fl) in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, only the Convertible Securities, if any, that were actually issued upon the
exercise thereof were issued at the time of issuance of such Options, and the
consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issuance of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the
consideration deemed to have been received by the Corporation upon the issuance of the
Convertible Securities with respect to which such Options were actually cxercised;

(D) no readjustment pursuant to clause (C) above shall
have the effect of increasing the Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price
to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the Series B Conversion Price or the
Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, on the original adjustment date or (ii) the
Series B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, that
would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between
the original adjustment date and such readjustment date;

(E) in the case of any Options which expire by their
terms not more than 90 days after the date of issuance thereof or in the case of any Option
or Convertible Securities with respect to which the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon excrcise or conversion or exchange thereof is not
determinable, no adjustments of the Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion
Price shall be made until the expiration or exercise of all such Options issued on the same
date, whereupon such adjustment shall be made in the manner provided in clause (C)
above, or until such number becomes determinable, as applicable; and

DOCSSV1:427528.5 19
(F) in the event of any change in the number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable, in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
exercise of such Options or Convertible Securities or in the conversion rate, including,
but not limited to, any changes under or by reason of provisions designed to protect
against dilution. the Series B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price in effect
at the time of such event shall be readjusted to the Series B Conversion Price and
Series C Conversion Price, respectively, which would have becn in effect at such time
had such Options or Convertible Securities to the extent then outstanding provided for
such changed number of shares, consideration or conversion rate, as the case may be, at
the time initially granted, issued or sold; provided that no further adjustment shall be
made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration
upon the exercise of any such Options or Convertible Securities; provided further no
readjustment pursuant to this clause (F) shall have the effect of increasing the Series B
Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower
of (i) the Series B Conversion Price or Serics C Conversion Price, as the case may be, on
the original adjustment date or (ii) the Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion
Price, as the case may be, that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional
Shares of Common Stock between the original adjustment date and such readjustment
date.

(iv) Adjustment _of Series B Conversion Price or Series C
Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock. Subject to the

provisions of Section 3(d)(1i) above, in thc event the Corporation shall at any time issue
Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 3(d)(iii)), without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the SeriesB Conversion Price or the Series C
Conversion Price, as the case may be, in effect on the date of and immediately prior to
such issuance, then-and in such event such Series B Conversion Price or Series C
Conversion Price, as the case may be, shall be reduced, concurrently with such issuance,’
to a-price (calculated to the-nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Series B
Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which
shall be-the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such’
issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration
received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock?

-So issued” wotild putchase at stich Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion ”
-Price; as ‘applicable, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of ~
Common Stock outstanding immediately pnor to such issuance plus the number of such?
Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued; provided that for the purposes of this s
Séction: 3(d)(iv), all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding ©
Preferred Stock shall he deemed to be outstanding (excluding for purposes of this?
calculation any and all unpaid Accruing Dividends). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
applicable Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price shall not be so
reduced at such time if the amount of such reduction would be an amount less than $0.01,
but any such amount shai] be carried forward and reduction with respect thereto made at
the time of and together with any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount
and any other amount ur amounts so carried forward, shall aggregate $0.01 or more.

DOCSSV 1:427528.5 20
(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
Section 3(d), the considcration received by the Corporation for the issuance of any
Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

() insofar as it consists of cash, be the amount
of cash received by the Corporation after deducting any underwriting or similar
concessions, commissions or compensation paid or allowed by the Corporation,
excluding amounts paid or payable for accrued interest or accrued dividends;

(If) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be the fair market value thercof at the time of such issuance, as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors; and

(I) in the event Additional Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation
for consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received,
computed as provided in clauses (i) and (II) above, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors.

(B) tions and Convertible Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common
Stock deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 3(d)(iii) above, relating to Options
and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing:

(x) the total amount, if any, received or
receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issuance of such Options or
Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration
(as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein designed to protect against dilution) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise
of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the
case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible
Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto without regard to any provision
contained therein designed to protect against dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such
Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation
shall at any time, or from time to time, after the Original Issue Date effect a subdivision
of the outstanding Common Stock, each of the Series A Conversion Price, the Series B
Conversion Price and the Series C Conversion Price then in effect immediately beforc
that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased. If the Corporation shall at any time,
or from time to time, after the Original Issue Date combine the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, each of the Series A Conversion Price, the Series B Conversion Price
and the Series C Conversion Price then in effect immediately before the combination

DOCSSV 1:427528.5 7]
shall be proportionately increased. Any adjustment under this subsection shall become
effective concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision or combination.

(f) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions. If the
Corporation at any time, or from time to time, after the Original Issue Date, shall make or
issue a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then
and in each such event each of the Series A Conversion Price, the Series B Conversion
Price and the Series C Conversion Price then in effect shall be decreased concurrently
with the issuance of such dividend or distribution, by multiplying the Series A
Conversion Price then in effect, the Series B Conversion Price then in effect and the
Series C Conversion Price then in effect, respectively. by a fraction: (x) the numerator of
which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the time of such issuance, and (y) the denominator of which shall be
the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the time of such issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in
payment of such dividend or distribution.

(g) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event
the Corporation at any time, or from time to time, after the Original Issue Date shall make
or issue a dividend or other distribution payable in property or securities of the
Corporation other than shares of Common Stock (and other than as otherwise adjusted in
this Section 3), then and in each such event provision shall be made so that the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall
each receive upon conversion thereof in addition to the number of shares of Common
Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of property or securities of the Corporation that
they would have received had their Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series C Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock immediately preceding
the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or
other distribution.

(h) Adjustment for Recapitalization. Reclassification, Exchange or
Substitution. [f the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A

Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock shall be
changed into the same or a diffcrent number of shares of any class or classes of stock,
whether by recapitalization, reclassification, exchange, substitution or other similar event
(other than pursuant to subsections (e), (f) and (g) above or a Change of Control
Transaction which, pursuant ta Article IV, Division B, Section 2(c), is deemed to be a
Liquidation Event), each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series C Preferred Stock shall thereafter reccive upon conversion of such Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, in lieu of the
number of shares of Common Stock which such holder would otherwise have been
entitled to reccive, the number of shares of such other class or classes of stock which a
holder of the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred
Stock held by such holder of Series A Preferred Stock, Scries B Preferred Stock or Series
C Preferred Stock would have been entitled to receive upon such recapitalization,
reclassification, exchange, substitution or other similar event.

DOCSSV1:427528.5 22
(i) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price, the Scries B Conversion Price or the Series
C Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 3, the Corporation at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to
each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred
Stock, as applicable, a certificate setting forth such adjustment and showing in reasonable
detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the
written request at any time of anv holder of Serics A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be fumished to such holder a
similar certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments applicable to the holder of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, (ii) the Series A
Conversion Price, the Series B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price then in
effect, as applicable, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if
any, of any other property which would then be reccivcd upon the conversion of such
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock.

GQ) Issue Tax. The issuance of certificates for shures of Common
Stock upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or
Serics C Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to the holders thereof for any
issuance tax in respect thereof, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay
any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and
delivery of any certificate in a name other than that of the holder of the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Scries C Preferred Stock which is being
converted.

(k) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of
determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a
cash dividend) or other distribution, the Corporation shall mail to each holder of
Preferred Stock at least 10 days prior to the date specified thercin, a notice specifying the
date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or
distribution.

() Notices. All notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the person to be notified;
(ii) when sent by confirmed telex or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the
recipient, if not, then on the next business day; (iii) five days after having been scnt by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or (iv) the next
business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next
day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the
holder at its address and/or facsimile number appearing on the books of the Corporation.

4. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, Scries B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stack shall be converted pursuant
to Section 3 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and shall not be reissuable
by the Corporation.

DOCSS V 1:427528.5

to
Les)
5. Voting Rights.

(a) Series C Preferred Stock Voting Rights. Except as may be
otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation or as required by law, the Series C

Preferred Stock shall vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the
Corporation us a single class on all actions to be taken by the stockholders of the
Corporation. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to
such number of votes per share on each action as shall equal the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible on the
record date (assuming for purposes of this calculation that all Series C Accruing
Dividends are paid in shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Series C
Conversion Price) for determination of the stockholders entitled to vote. The holders of
Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote, together with holders of Common
Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common Stock have the right
to vote.

(b) Series B Preferred Stock Voting Rights. Except as may be

otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation or as required by law, the Series B
Preferred Stock shall vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the
Corporation as a single class on all actions to be taken by the stackholders of the
Corporation. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to
such number of votes per share on each action as shall equal the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible on the
record date (assuming for purposes of this calculation that all Series B Accruing
Dividends are paid in shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Series B
Conversion Price) for determination of the stockholders entitled to vote. The holders of
Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote, together with holders of Common
Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common Stock have the right
to vote.

(c) Series A Preferred Stock Voting Rights. Except as may be

otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation or as required by law, the Series A
Preferred Stock shall vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the
Corporation as a single class on all actions to be taken by the stockholders of the
Corporation. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to
such number of votes per share on each action as shall equal the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible on the
record date (assuming for purposes of this calculation that all Series A Accruing
Dividends are paid in shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Series A
Conversion Price) for determination of the stockholders entitled to vote. The holders of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote, together with holders of Common
Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common Stock have the right
to vote.

(d) Common Stock Voting Rights. The holder of each outstanding
share of Common Stock shall have the right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of

DOCSSV i :427528.5 24
any stockholders meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be
entilled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may by provided by law.

6. Protective Provisions.

(a) For so long as there are ai least 1,000,000 shares of Series C
Preferred Stock outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, recapitalizations and the like),
the Corporation shall not (whether by merger, recapitalization or othcrwise), without the
prior written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, consenting or voting, as the case may be,
separately as a class:

Gi) amend, alter or repeal the preferences, special rights or
other powers of the Series C Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely, eithcr
directly or indirectly, through merger or consolidation with any other corporation or
otherwise; or

(ii) amend or waive any provision of the Corporation’s
certificate of incorporation or bylaws so as to affect the Series C Preferred Stock
adversely; or

(iii) | authorize (including, without limitation, by reclassification
of Junior Shares or otherwise) any new class or series of stock, or any other equity
securities, or any other securities convertible into equity securities of the Corporation, in
any of the foregoing cases being on a parily with or having a preference over the Series C
Preferred Stock, including, but not limited to, voting (other than the pari passu voting
rights of the Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock),
dividends, liquidation. conversion or redemption; or

(iv) | increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of
Series C Preferred Stock.

(b) ‘For so long as there are at least 1,000,000 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, recapitalizations and the like),
the Corporation shal! not (whether by merger, recapitalization or otherwise), without the
prior written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, consenting or voting, as the case may be,
separately as a class:

(i) amend, alter or repeal the preferences, special rights or
other powers of the Senes B Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely, either
directly or indirectly, through merger or consolidation with any other corporation or
otherwise; or

(ii) amend or waive any provision of the Corporation’s
certificate of incorporation or bylaws so as to affect the Series B Preferred Stock
adversely.

DOCSSV1.427528.5 25
(c) For so long as there are at Icast 1,000,000 shares of Senes B
Preferred Stock outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, recapitalizations and the like),
the Corporation shall not, without the prior written consent or affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock,
consenting or voting, as the case may be, separately as a class, authorize (including,
without limitation, by reclassification of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that is
junior to the Series B Preferred Stock or otherwisc) any new class or series of stock, or
any other equity securities, or any other securities convertible into equity securities of the
Corporation, in any of the foregoing cases being on a parity with or having a preference
over the Series B Preferred Stock, including, but not limited to, voting (other than the
senior dividends, redemption and liquidation rights of the Series C Preferred stock and
other than the pari passu voting rights of the Series C Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred
Stock and Common Stock), dividends, liquidation, conversion or redemption.

(d) For so long as there are any sharcs of Preferred Stock outstanding,
the Corporation shall not, without the prior written consent or affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, consenting or
voting, as the case may be, separately as a class:

(i) increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock; or

(ii) issue any additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock; or

(iii) | authorize or issue any stock options (or stock or similar
rights) to employees, consultants or directors covcring shares of Common Stock in excess
of those reserved and available under the Corporation’s existing stock option plan; or

(iv) dissolve, liquidate or wind up the Corporation or engage in
any Change of Control Transaction; or

(v) redeem or repurchase any shares of capital stock, Options
or Convertible Securities (except as required by Section 8 of this Certificate of
Incorporation and except for the repurchase of securities from employees, officers,
directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation pursuant
to agreements under which the Corporation has the right to repurchase such shares at no
greater than cost); or

(vi) | declare or pay any dividends on any class of capital stock
except for Series C Accruing Dividends on Series C Preferred Stock and Series B
Accruing Dividends on Series B Preferred Stock as set forth in Article IV, Division B,
Section |: or

(vil) engage in any merger, acquisition or similar transaction; or
(viii) incur, assume or guaranty any indebtedness in excess of

$5,000,000; or

DOCSSV1 427528.5 26
(ix) make a substantial change in the business of the
Corporation; or

(x) enter into any agreement or take any action with respect to
any of the foregoing; or

(xi) | increase or decrease the authorized size of the Board of
Directors.

(e) For so long as there are any shares of Series A Preferred Stock
outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior written consent or affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
consenting or voting, as the case may be, separately as a class, make any proposed
amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation that would alter or change the powers,
preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect them
adversely in a manner different from the Preferred Stock as a class; provided, however
that notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall in any way expand the rights of
the Series A Preferred Stock beyond the rights required pursuant to Section 242(b\2) of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same may be amended and supplemented.

7. Election of Board of Directors.

(a) The Board of Directors shall consist of seven (7) members elected
as follows:

(i) For so long as shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to
each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy causcd by the resignation, death
or removal of such directors (such directors, the “Scries C Director’).

(11) For so long as shares of Series B Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to
each consent of the Corporation's stockholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death
or removal of such directors (such directors, the “Series B Dircctors” and together with
the Series C Director, the “Preferred Directors”).

(iii) For so long as shares of Common Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shal] be entitled to
elect two (2) members of the Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors. and to remove
from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or
removal of such directors (such directors, the “Common Directors’).

DOCSSV1-427528.5 27
(iv) | Any remaining directors shall be elected by the holders of a
majority of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on
an as-converted basis.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing. in the event of an Event of
Noncompliance (as defined below), the Board of Directors shall automatically be
increased until such Event of Noncompliance is cured to nine (9) members without any
action by the Corporation or its stockholders and the holders of Scries C Preferred Stock,
voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect five (5) members of the Board of
Directors at each meeting or pursuant to cach consent of the Corpuration’s stockholders
for the election of directors, and to remove from office such director and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors. An “Event of
Noncompliance” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Corporation fails to make any
redemption payment pursuant to Section 8, whether or not such payment is legally
permissible or would be in contravention if any agreement to which the Corporation is a
party, and such failure continues for 90 days aftcr notice of such non-payment is given to
the Corporation.

8. Redemption.

(a) The tcrm “Series A Redemption Price” shall mean the greater of
(x) the Original Series A Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends,
reverse stock splits, stock combinations and other similar capitalization changes), plus
any accrued but unpaid Series A Accruing Dividends and any other dividends declared
but unpaid thereon and (y) the fair market value of the Serics A Preferred Stock as of the
date of the Series A Redemption Notice (as defined below), as determined by an
independent appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Corporation and the holders of at least
a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class (the
costs of which appraisal shall be borne by the Corporation). The term “Series B
Redemption Price” shall mean the greater of (x) the Original Series B Issue Price (as
adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations and
other similar capitalization changes), plus any accrued but unpaid Series B Accruing
Dividends and any other dividends declared but unpaid thereon and (y) the fair market
value of the Series B Preferred Stock as of the dale of the Series B Redemption Notice
(as defined below), as determined by an independent appraiser reasonably acceptable to
the Corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Scries B
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class (the costs of which appraisal shall be bome by
the Corporation). The term ‘Series C Redemption Price” shall mean the greater of (x) the
Original Series C Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse
stock splits, stock combinations and other similar capitalization changes), plus any
accrued but unpaid Series C Accruing Dividends and any other dividends declared but
unpaid thereon and (y) the fair market value of the Series C Preferred Stock as of the date
of the Serics C Redemption Notice (as defined below), as determined by an indcpendent
appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Corporation and the holders of at least a majority
of the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class (the costs of which
appraisal shall be borne by the Corporation).

DOCSSV 1:42/528.5 28
(b) The Corporation will, following receipt at any time after the fifth
anniversary of the Onginal Issue Date of a written request signed by holders of at least a
two-thirds (2/3) majority of the shares of all Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting as a
single class, redeem all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the Series A
Redemption Price, all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock at the Series B
Redemption Price and all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock at the Series C
Redemption Price as follows:

(i) one-third (1/3) of the then outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock to be redeemed as soon as practicable and in no event later than sixty
(60) days after receipt of said request (the “First Redemption Date”) and thereafter one-
third (1/3) of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed as
soon as practicable and in no event later than the First Redemption Date;

(ii) one-half (1/2) of the then outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock to be redeemed upon the first anniversary of the First Redemption Date
(the “Second Redemption Date”) and thereafter one-half (1/2) of the then outstanding
shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemcd as soon as practicable and in no event
later than the Second Redemption Date; and

(iii) all of the then remaininy shares of Series C Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock and all of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock to be redeemed upon the second anniversary of the First Redemption Date (the
“Third Redemption Date”) (each of the First, Second and Third Redemption Date
hereinafter referred to as a “Redemption Date’’).

(c) At each Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem the
applicable number of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock at the Series C
Redemption Price and the applicable number of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred
Stock at the Series B Redemption Price. At the Third Redemption Date, the Corporation
shall redcem all of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the Series A
Redemption Price.

(d) At least thirty (30) days prior to each Redemption Date, written
notice shall be sent to each holder of record (at the close of business on the business day
immediately preceding the day on which notice is given) of the Series C Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock specifying the number of shares to be redeemed from each
holder, the applicable Redemption Date, the applicable Redemption Price, the place at
which payment may be obtained and calling upon such holder to surrender to the
Corporation, in the manner and at the price designated, its certificate or certificates
representing such holder's shares to be redeemed (the “Series C and Series B Redemption
Notice’). Except as provided herein, on or after the applicable Redemption Date, such
holder of Preferred Stock to be redeemed at such time shall surrender to the Corporation
the certificate or certificates representing such shares, in the manner and at the price
designated in the Serics C and Series B Redemption Notice, and thereupon the applicable
Redemption Price for such shares shall be paid to the order of the person whose name
appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thercof and each surrendered

DOCSSV1-427528.5 29
certificate shall be canceled. In the event fewer than all of the shares represented by any
such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the
unredeemed shares.

(e) From and aftcr the applicable Redemption Date, unless there shall
have been a default in payment of the Series C Redemption Price or Series B Redemption
Price, as applicable, all rights of the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the Series C and Series B
Redemption Notice (except the right to receive the applicable Redemption Price without
interest upon surrender of their certificate or certificates) shall ccase with respect to such
shares at such time, and such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the
Corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever.

(f) At least thirty (30) days prior to the Third Redemption Date.
written notice shall be sent to each holder of record (at the close of business on the
business day immediately preceding the day on which notice is given) of the Series A
Preferred Stock specifying the number of shares to be redeemed from each holder, the
Third Redemption Date, the Series A Redemption Price, the place at which payment may
be obtained and calling upon such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner
and at the price designated, its certificate or certificates representing such holder’s shares
to be redeemed (the “Series A Redemption Notice’). Except as provided herein, on or
after the Third Redemption Date, such holder of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed
at such time shall surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing
such shares, in the manner and at the price designated in the Series A Redemption Notice,
and thereupon the Series A Redemption Price for such shares shall be paid to the order of
the person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof
and each surrendered certificate shall be canceled. In the event fewer than all of the
shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued
representing the unredeemed shares.

(y) From and after the Third Redemption Date, unless there shall have
been a default in payment of the Series A Redemption Price, all mghts of the holders of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the Series A Redemption
Notice (except the right to receive the Series A Redemption Price without interest upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates) shall cease with respect to such shares at such
time, and such shares shall not thereafler be transferred on the books of the Corporation
or be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever.

(h) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, (A) no
holder of shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be redeemed or shall receive any Scries
B Redemption Payment on or prior to any Redemption Date unless and until the
applicable number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock redeemable on such Redemption
Date shall have been redecmed and shal] have received the Series C Redemption
Payment and (B) no holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemed or
shall receive any Serics A Redemption Payment on or pnor to the Third Redemption
Date unless and until the applicable number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock and

DOCSSV1427528.5 30
shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed and shall have received the
applicable Redemption Payment.

(i) If the funds of the Corporation legally available for
redemption of shares of Series C Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are
insufficient to redeem the total number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be
redeemed on such date, those funds that are legally available will be used to redeem the
maximum possible number of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock ratably among the
holders of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redccmed based upon their
holdings of Series C Preferred Stock. The sharcs of SeriesC Preferred Stock not
redeemed shall remain outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided
herein. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation are legally
available for the redemption of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, such funds will
immediately be used to redeem the balance of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock that
the Corporation has become obligated to redeem on any applicable Redemption Date, but
which it has not redeemed.

(ii) If the funds of the Corporation legally available for
redemption of shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock on any
Redemption Date are sufficient to redcem all of the then remaining shares of Series C
Preferred Stock but are insufficient to redeem all of the then outstanding shares of Series
B Preferred Stock, those funds that are legally available will be used to redeem the
maximum possible number of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock ratably among the
holders of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be rcdeemed based upon their
holdings of Series B Preferred Stock. The shares of Series B Preferred Stock not
redeemed shall remain outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided
hercin. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation are legally
available for the redemption of shares of Series B Preferred Stock, such funds will
immediately be used to redeem the balance of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock that
the Corporation has become obligated to redeem, but which it has not redeemed.

(iii) If the funds of the Corporation legally available for
redemption of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series A
Preferred Stock on the Third Redemption Date are sufficient to redeem all of the then
remaining sharcs of Series C Preferred Stuck and Series B Preferred Stock but are
insufficient to redeem al! of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
those funds that are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible
number of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock ratably among the holders of such
shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed based upon their holdings of Series A
Preferred Stock. The shares of Serics A Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain
outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time
thercafter when additional funds of the Corporation are legally available for the
redemption of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, such funds will immediately be used to
redeem the balance of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock that the Corporation has
become obligated to redeem, but which it has not redeemed.

DOCSSV 1:427528.5 3]
(iv) | Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock or Series C Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to this Section 8 shall be canceled
and shall not be reissuable by the Corporation, and the Corporation may from time to
time take such appropriate corporate action as may be necessary to reduce accordingly
the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series C Preferred Stock.

(v) Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, if the Corporation
does not make the required payment of the applicable Redemption Price within sixty (60)
days of each applicable Redemption Date (a “Payment Default”), any such unpaid
balance shall accrue interest from the date of such Payment Default at the rate of 15% per
annum, payable quartcrly in arrears.

9. Waiver. The rights, preferences, privileges and other terms, including,
without limitation, rights to notice, of (a) the Series A Preferred Stock may be waived
(prospectively or retroactively) as to all shares of Series A Preferred Stock in any
instance (without the necessity of convening any meeting of stockholders) upon the
written agreement of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock then outstanding, (b) the Series B Preferred Stock may be waived (prospectively or
retroactively) as to all shares of Series B Preferred Stock in any instance (without the
necessity of convening any meeting of stockholders) upon the written agreement of the
holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock then
outstanding and (c)the Series C Preferred Stock may be waived (prospectively or
retroactively) as to all shares of Series C Preferred Stock in any instance (without the
necessity of convening any meeting of stockholders) upon the written agreement of the
holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then
outstanding.

ARTICLE V

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. Except for those preemptive
rights granted to holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and
Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to an amended and restated investor nghts agreement
by and among the Corporation, the holders of Senes A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock and the other parties thereto, as the same
may be amended and/or restated from time to time, no holder of shares of stock of the
Corporation shall have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional
shares of stock of the Corporation or any other security of the Corporation which the
Corporation may issue or sell.

ARTICLE VI

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board
of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal the bylaws of the
Corporation, subject to Article IV, Division B, Scction 6 of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation.

DOCSSV! 427528 5 32
ARTICLE VII

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as
the bylaws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any
provisions contained in applicable statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or
places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the bylaws
of the Corporation. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unlcss the bylaws
of the Corporation so provide.

ARTICLE VIII

A, The Corporation shall indemnify each of the Corporation’s directors and
officers in each and every situation where, under Section 145 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time (‘Section [45”), the
Corporation is permitted or empowered to make such indemnification. ‘The Corporation
may, in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, indemnify any
other person who may be indemnified pursuant to Section 145 to the extent the Board of
Dircctors deems advisable, as permitted by Section 145. The Corporation shall promptly
make or cause to be made any determination required to be made pursuant to Section
145,

B. No person shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director; provided, however, that
the foregoing shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the
director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for gross negligence
and for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law, (iii) under section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware or, (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an
improper personal benefit. If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is
subsequently amended to further climinate or limit the liability of a director, then a
director of the Corporation, in addition to the circumstances in which a director is not
personally liable as set forth in the preceding sentence, shall not be liable to the fullest
extent permitted by the amended General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. For
purposes of this Article VIII, “fiduciary duty as a director” shall include any fiduciary
duty arising out of serving at the Corporation’s request as a director of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other enterprise, and “personally liable to the
Corporation or its stockholders” shall include any liability to such other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. and any liability to the Corporation in
its capacity as a security holder, joint venturer, partner, beneficiary, creditor or investor
of or in any such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.

C. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIII, nor the adoption of
any provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article
VIII. shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article WHI in respect of any matter
occurring. or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article VIII, would
accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

DOCSSV1:427523.5 33
DC. 31. 2005 12:34PM LANIER? 7 NO 26597. 2

ARTICLE IX

Subject to Article IV, Division B, Section 6 of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, the Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any
provision contained herein, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by Statute, and all
nyhts conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. Subject
to Article IV, Division B, Section 6 of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the
number of authonzed shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not
below the number of shares thereof then outstanding or reserved for issuance by
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Corporation) by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majonty of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective
of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the
same may be amended and supplemented.

DOCSSV1 427823 5 34
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this

Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
signed under the seal of the Corporation t

his 31st day of October, 2005.
ADVENT SOLAR, INC.

/s/ Russell Schmit
Russell Schmit, President

DOCSSV 1:427528.5 35
