State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Co rations
Delivered 09:09 PM 03/15/2006
FILED 09:07 PM 03/15/2006
SRV 060252882 - 4126334 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
AEROHIVE NETWORKS, INC.
ARTICLE I
The name of the corporation is Aerohive Networks, Inc. (the “Company”.
ARTICLE IT

The address of the Company’s registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust
Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. The name of its
registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE Ill

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations
may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or as may
hereafter be amended from time to time.

ARTICLE IV

This Company is authorized to issue one class of shares to be designated Common Stock.
The total number of shares of Common Stock the Company has authority to issue is 10,000,000 with
par value of $0.001 per share.

ARTICLE V
The name and mailing address of the incorporator are as follows:

Angela Corsilles, Esq.
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.
650 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304-1050

ARTICLE VI

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the board of directors
of the Company is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Company.

ARTICLE VII

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the bylaws
of the Company.

Aerohive - (DE) Certificate of Incorporation_(PA LIB2_3381479_1).DOC
ARTICLE VIII

To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists
or as may hereafter be amended from time to time, a director of the Company shall not be personally
liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to authorize corporate action further
eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the
Company shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General
Corporation Law, as so amended.

The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the
Delaware General Corporation Law, or any other applicable law, as the same exists or as may
hereafter be amended from time to time, any director or officer of the Company who was or is made
or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a “Proceeding”) by reason of the fact that he
or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise
or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and
loss suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such
Proceeding. The Company shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding
initiated by such person only if the Proceeding was authorized by the Board.

The Company shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent permitted
by the Delaware General Corporation Law, or any other applicable law, as the same exists or as may
hereafter be amended from time to time, any employee or agent of the Company who was or is made
or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact
that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was an employee or
agent of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-
profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss
suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding.

Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the adoption of any provision of this
Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this
Article in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim accruing Or arising or
that, but for this Article, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an
inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE IX

Except as provided in Article VIII above, the Company reserves the right to amend, alter,
change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject
to this reservation.

Aerohive - (DE) Certificate of Incorporation (PALIB2_3381479_1).DOC -2-
I, the undersigned, as the sole incorporator of the Company, have signed this Certificate of
Incorporation on March 15, 2006.

/s/Angela Corsilles
Angela Corsilles, Incorporator

Aerohive - (DE) Certificate of Incorporation_(PALIB2_3381479_1).DOC -3-
