FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
KYTHERA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Kythera Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.. a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
State of Delaware (the “Corporation”), certifies that:

A. The name of the Corporation is Kythera Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. The Corporation’s
original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
June 3, 2004 under the name Dermion, Inc.

B. This Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and
restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Corporation’s Certificate of
Incorporation.

C. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is amended and restated to read as set
forth in EXHIBIT A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Kythera Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. has caused this Fifth Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Keith Leonard, a duly authorized officer of
the Corporation, on August 30, 2011.

/s/ Keith Leonard
Keith Leonard
Chief Executive Officer

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 08:23 AM 08/30/2011
FILED 08:30 AM 08/30/2011
81000 SRV 110962968 - 3811780 FILE
pa-14
SVi830164.8
EXHIBIT A
ARTICLE |

The name of the corporation is Kythera Biopharmaccuticals, Inc. (the “Corporation’).
ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE Il

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 271]
Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington. County of New Castle, 19808. The name of the
registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE TV

The total number of shares of stock that the corporation shal! have authority to issue is
79,216,604 consisting of 45,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share, and
34,216,604 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value per share. The first series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Senes A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 4,775,000 shares. ‘The
second series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist of
11,171,273 shares. The third series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series C Preferred
Stock” and shall consist of 8,300,000 shares. The fourth series of Preferred Stock shall be
designated “Series D Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 9,970,331 shares.

ARTICLE V
The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:
1, Definitions. For purposes of this ARTICLE V, the following definitions shall apply:
(a) “Conversion Price” shall mean $0.20 per share for the Series A Preferred Stock.
$2.8538 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock, $5.0497 per share for the Series C Preferred

Stock and $5.2581 per share for the Scries D Preferred Stock (in each case subject to adjustment
from time to time for Recapitalizations and as otherwise set forth elsewhere herein).

(b) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(c) “Corporation” shall mean Kythera Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.

(d) “Distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock
payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation for cash or
property other than: (i) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees. officers,

2.
SVi830164.8
directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries at no greater than cost upon termination
of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase,
(ii) repurchases of Common Stock issued in connection with the settlement of disputes with any
stockholder if unanimously approved by the Corporation’s Board of Directors, (iil) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right,
or (iv) any other repurchase or redemption of capital stock of the Corporation approved by (x) the
holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation, voting together as a
separate class on an as-converted basis and (y) the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock voting together as a separate class
on an as-converted basis.

(ec) “Dividend Rate” shall mean an annual rate of $0.016 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock, $0.23 per share for the Series B Preferred, $0.404 per share for the Series C
Preferred and $0.4207 per share for the Series D Preferred (in each case subject to adjustment from
time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein).

(f) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $0.20 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock, $2.8762 per share for the Series B Preferred, $5.0497 per share for the Series C Preferred and
$5.2581 per share for the Series D Preferred Stock (in cach case subject to adjustment from time to
time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein).

(g) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(h) “Original Issue Date” shall mean. with respect to shares of Preferred Stock. the
first date on which such shares of Preferred Stock were issued by the Corporation.

(i) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.20 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock, $2.8762 per share for the Serics B Preferred Stock, $5.0497 per share for the Series C
Preferred and $5.2581 per share for the Series D Preferred Stock (in each case subject to adjustment
from time to time for Recapitalizations with respect to the Preferred Stock as set forth elsewhere
herein).

(j) “Preferred Stock” shal! mean the Series A Prelerred Stock, the Series B
Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock.

(k) “Receapitalization” shall mean any stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event.

2. Dividends.

(a) Preferred Stock. In any calendar year, the holders of outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, payable in cash or in kind, when, as and if
declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets at the time Iegally available therefor, at the
Dividend Rate specified for such shares of Preferred Stock, payable in preference and priority to any
declaration or payment of any Distribution on Common Stock of the Corporation in such calendar
year. No Distributions shall be made with respect to the Common Stock until all declared dividends

-3-
SV‘830164.8
on the Preferred Stock have been paid or set aside for payment to the Preferred Stock holders.
Payment of any dividends to the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be on a pro rata, pari passu
basis. No Distributions shall be made without the approval of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Serics D Preferred Stock voting together as a separate class
on an as-converted basis. The right to receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock shall not be
cumulative, and no right to such dividends shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock by reason of the
fact that dividends on said shares are not declared or paid in any calendar year.

(b) Additional Dividends. Aficr the payment or setting aside for payment of the
dividends as described in Section 2(a) above, any additional dividends (other than dividends payable
solely in Common Stock) declared or paid in any fiscal year shall be declared or paid among the
holders of the Preferred Stock and Common Stock then outstanding tn proportion to the greatest
whole number of shares of Common Stock which would be held by each such holder if all shares of
Preferred Stock were converted at the then-effective Conversion Rate (as defined in Section 4(a)
hereof).

(c) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this Section 2
shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be deemed to be the
fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(d) Consent to Certain Distributions. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the
California Corporations Code, if Section 502 or Section 503 of the California Corporations Code is
applicable to a payment made by the Corporation then such applicable section or sections shal] not
apply if such payment is a payment made by the Corporation in connection with (1) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries at no greater than cost upon termination of thetr employment or services pursuant
to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (11) repurchases of Common Stock issued to
or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries
pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right, (iii) repurchases
of Common Stock issued in connection with the settlement of disputes with any stockholder if
unanimously approved by the Corporation’s Board of Directors, or (1v) any other repurchase or
redemption of Common Stock or Preferred Stock approved by (x) the holders of at least sixty
percent (60%) of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation, voting together as a separate class on an as-
converted basis and (y) the holders of at least a majority of the Series C Preferred Stock and the
Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class on an as-converted basis.

3. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Series D Liquidation Preference. In the event of a Liquidation Event (as defined
in Section 3(f) below), the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shal! be entitled to receive, prior
and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock or Common Stock by
reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share for cach share of Series D Preferred
Stock held by them equal to the sum of (1) the Liquidation Preference specified for such share of
Series D Preferred Stock and (ii) all declared but unpaid dividends (if any) on such share of Series D
Preferred Stock. If upon the Liquidation Event the assets of the Corporation legally available for
distribution to the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock are insufficient to permit the payment to

_4-
SV\830164.8
such holders of the full amounts spcecificd in this Section 3(a), then the entire assets of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equal priority and pro rata
among the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts they would
otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3(a).

(b) Series C Liquidation Preference. Upon the completion of the payments in the full
amounts as specified in Section 3(a) above, in the event of a Liquidation Event, the holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any Distribution of
any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share
for each share of Series C Preferred Stock held by them equal to the sum of (1) the Liquidation
Preference specified for such share of Series C Preferred Stock and (ii) all declared but unpaid
dividends (if any) on such share of Series C Preferred Stock. If upon the Liquidation Event the
assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock are insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full amounts specified in this
Section 3(a), then the entire remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution
shall be distributed with equal priority and pro rata among the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock in proportion to the full amounts they would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this
Section 3{a).

(c) Series A and Series B Liquidation Preferences. Upon the completion of the
payments of the full amounts specified in Section 3(a) and 3(b) above, in the event of a Liquidation
Event, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, on a pari passu basis and prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of
the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an
amount per share for each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock held by
them equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Preference specified for such share of Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, respectively, and (ii) all declared but unpaid dividends (if any)
on such share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, respectively. [f upon the
Liquidation Event the assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock are insufficient to permit the payment to such
holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(c), then the entire remaining assets of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equal priority and pro rata
among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the
full amounts they would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3(c).

(d) Remaining Assets. After the payment or setting aside for payment to the holders
of Preferred Stock of the full amounts specified in Sections 3(a), 3(b) and 3(c) above, the entire
remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed pro rata to
holders of the Common Stock of the Corporation in proportion to the number of shares of Common
Stock held by them.

(e) Shares not ‘I'reated as Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock in any
Distribution. Shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of Common
Stock in order to participate in any Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of Common

SV\830164.8
Stock, without first foregoing participation in the Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of
Preferred Stock as set forth in Section 3(a), 3(b) or 3(c), as the case may be.

(f) Reorganization. For purposes of this Section 3, a “Liquidation Event” shall be
deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, (a) the acquisition of the Corporation by another entity by
means of any transaction or series of related transactions to which the Corporation is party
(including, without limitation, any stock acquisition, reorganization, merger or consolidation but
excluding any sale of stock for capital raising purposes) other than a transaction or series of
transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately
prior to such transaction continue to retain (either by such voting securities remaining outstanding or
by such voting securities being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), as a result of
shares in the Corporation held by such holders prior to such transaction, at least fifty percent (50%)
of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Corporation or such surviving
entity outstanding immediately after such transaction or series of transactions; (b) a sale, lease or
other conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or a worldwide exclusive
license of all or substantially all of the intellectual property of the Corporation in all or substantially
all fields of use; or (c) any liquidation. dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary. The treatment of any particular transaction or series of related transactions
as a Liquidation Event may be waived by the vote or written consent of (x) the holders of at least
60% of the outstanding Prelerred Stock, voting together as a separate class on an as-converted basis
and (y) the holders of at least a majority of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred
Stock, voting together as a separate class on an as-converted basis.

(g) Maluation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation
distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, except that any publicly-traded securities to be
distributed to stockholders in a Liquidation Event shall be valued as follows:

(i) If the securities are then traded on a national securities exchange or
national quotation system, then the value of the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the
closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over the ten (10) trading day period
ending five (5) trading days prior to the Distribution;

(ii) if the securities are actively traded over-the-counter, then the value of
the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the ten
(10) trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the Distribution.

In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity, the
Distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

For the purposes of this subsection 3(g), “trading day™ shall mean any day which the
exchange or system on which the securities to be distributed are traded is open and “closing prices”
or “closing bid prices” shall be deemed to be: (i) for securities traded primarily on the New York
Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq Stock Market, the last reported trade
price or sale price. as the case may be, at 4:00 p.m., New York time. on that day and (11) for
securities listed or traded on other exchanges, markets and systems, the last reported trade price or

SV\830164.8
sale price as of the end of the regular hours trading period for such exchange, market or system.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after the date hereof, the closing price as of the end of the regular
hours trading period for any relevant exchange, market or system as of a given trading day shall be
determined in a different manner than as set forth above, then the fair market value shall be
determined to be the closing price of the stock as of such other established end of the regular hours
trading period for such exchange, market. or system. [lowever, if the definitive agreement for a
Liquidation Event values the securities to be received by the Corporation's stockholders based on
different time periods from those set forth above, the fair market value shall be determined as of the
time periods set forth in such definitive agreement, notwithstanding anything in this subsection 3(g)
to the contrary.

(h) Alternative Liquidation Payment. Notwithstanding Sections 3(a), (b), (c) and (d),
if, upon a Liquidation Event, the holders of outstanding shares of Serics D Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable, would receive
more than the aggregate amount to be received under Section 3(a), (b) or (c), as applicable, in the
event all of their shares of Series D Prelerred Stock. Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable, were converted into shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to such Liquidation Event and such shares of Common Stock received a
liquidating distribution or distributions from the Corporation, then each holder of outstanding shares
of Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Sertes A Preferred
Stock, as applicable, in connection with such Liquidation Event shall be entitled to be paid in cash,
in lieu of the payments described in Sections 3(a), (b) and (c), as applicable, an amount per share of
Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred
Stock, as applicable, equal to such amount as would have been payable in respect of each share of
Common Stock (including any fraction thereof) issuable upon conversion of such share of Series D
Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, as
applicable, had such share of Series D Prelerred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable, been converted to Common Stock immediately
prior to such Liquidation Event.

4, Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows:

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid,
nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock. (The number of shares of Common
Stock intg which each share of Preferred Stock may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the
“Conversion Rate” for cach such series.) Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price
for the Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4. the Conversion Rate for the Preferred Stock
shall be appropriately increased or decreased.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion
Rate for such share (i) immediately prior to the closing of a firm commitment underwritten initial
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933.

-7-
SV\830164.8
as amended (the “Securities Act”). covering the offer and sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock.
provided that the offering price per share is not less than $8.63 (as adjusted for Recapitalizations)
and the aggregate gross proceeds to the Corporation are not less than $30,000,000 (before deduction
of underwriters’ commissions and expenses), or (ii) upon the receipt by the Corporation of a written
request for such conversion that is executed by (x) the holders of at least 60% of the Preferred Stock
then outstanding, voting together as a class on an as-converted basis and (y) if such written request is
not in connection with a firm commitment underwritten initial public offering pursuant to an
effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act covering the offer and sale of the
Corporation’s Common Stock, the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock voting together as a separate class on an as-converted
basis (each of the events referred to in (i) and (11) are referred to herein as an “Automatic
Conversion Event’).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion, No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In licu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the
then fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors. For
such purpose, all shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock shall be
aggregated, and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash. Before any
holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and
to receive certificates therefor, such holder shall either (A) surrender the certificate or certificates
therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred
Stock or (B) notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen
or destroyed and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation
(but without posting any bond) from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates, and
shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same:
provided, however, that on the date of an Automatic Conversion Event, the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such
shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation
or its transfer agent; provided further, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue
certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion
Event unless either the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the
Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its
transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement
satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation (but without posting any bond) from
any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. On the date of the occurrence of an
Automatic Conversion Event, each holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to
be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that
the certificates representing such shares of Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the
office of the Corporation, that notice from the Corporation shall not have been received by any
holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock, or that the certificates evidencing such shares of
Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered to such holder.

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or after such agreement and
indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as
aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result

_8-
$V1\830164.8
of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on
the converted Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of delivery of the notice of conversion set forth above, and
the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on
such date; provided, however, that if the conversion is in connection with an underwritten offer of
securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act or a merger, sale. financing, or liquidation of the
Corporation or other event, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Preferred
Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of such transaction or upon the occurrence of
such event, in which case the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until
immediately prior to the closing of such transaction or the occurrence of such event.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definition. For purposes of this paragraph 4(d), “Additional
Shares of Common” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to paragraph
4(d)(i1i), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the filing of this lth Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, other than issuances or deemed issuances of:

(1) up to 5.424,117 shares of Common Stock and options, warrants
or other rights to purchase Common Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for
Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein) issued to employees, officers or directors of. or
consultants or advisors to the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to the Corporation’s Amended
and Restated 2004 Stock Plan (the Plan”) and options to purchase 41,000 shares of Common Stock
(subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapilalizations as set forth elsewhere herein) issued
outside of the Plan;

(2) shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise or
conversion of Options or Convertible Securities outstanding as of the date of the filing of this Fifth
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Filing Date”), but solely to the extent
disclosed in or pursuant to that certain Series D Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement of the
Corporation dated on or about the Filing Date;

(3) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a dividend or
distribution on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to
paragraph 4(e), 4(f) or 4(g) hereof:

(4) shares of Common Stock issued in a registered public offering
under the Securities Act;

(5) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the
acquisition of another corporation by the Corporation by merger. purchase of substantially all of the
assets or other reorganization or to a joint venture agreement, provided, that such issuances are
approved by the Board of Directors, including approval by at least 3 of 4 directors elected solely by
holders of a series of Preferred Stock;

9.
SV\830164.8
(6) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to banks,
equipment lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing or commercial leasing
transaction approved by the Board of Directors, including approval by at least 3 of 4 directors
elected solely by holders of a series of Preferred Stock:

(7) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
any settlement of any action, suit, proceeding or litigation approved by the Board of Directors,
including approval by at least 3 of 4 directors elected solely by holders of a series of Preferred Stock:

(8) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
sponsored research, collaboration, technology license, development, OEM, marketing or other
similar agreements or strategic partnerships approved by the Board of Directors, including approval
by at least 3 of 4 directors elected solely by holders of a series of Preferred Stock;

(9) shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of shares of
Preferred Stock;

(10) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to suppliers or
third-party service providers in connection with the provision of goods or services pursuant to
transactions approved by the Board of Directors, including approval by at least 3 of 4 directors
elected solely by holders of a series of Preferred Stock; and

(11) shares of Common Stock and options, warrants or other rights
to purchase Common Stock approved by the Board of Directors (including approval by at least 3 of
4 directors elected solely by holders of a series of Preferred Stock), and which (x) the holders of at
least sixty percent (60%) of the then outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class
on an as-converted basis and (y) the holders of at least a majority of the Series C Preferred Stock and
the Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class on an as-converted basis, agree in
writing (prospectively or retrospectively) shall not constitute Additional Shares of Common.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion
Price of any series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares
of Common unless the consideration per share (as determined pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(v)) for an
Additional Share of Common issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the
Conversion Price in effect on the date of. and immediately prior to such issue. for such series of
Preferred Stock.

(iii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date shall issue any Options or
Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number
of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities. the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities or. in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
Options and the conversion or exchange of the underlying securities. shall be deemed to have been
issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed. as of the close

-10-
SV\830164.8
of business on such record date, provided that in any such case in which shares are deemed to be
issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common Stock
in connection with the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable to the
Corporation or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or
exchange thereof (other than a change pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of such Options or
Convertible Securities such as a change pursuant to this Section 4(d) with respect to the Preferred
Stock or pursuant to Recapitalization provisions of such Options or Convertible Securities such as
Sections 4(e), 4(f) and 4(g) hereof), the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock and any subsequent
adjustments based thereon shall be recomputed to reflect such change as if such change had been in
effect as of the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of the record date with respect thereto):

(3) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) above shall have the
effect of increasing the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock to an amount above the Conversion
Price that would have resulted from any other issuances of Additional Shares of Common and any
other adjustments provided for herein between the original adjustment date and such readjustment
date;

(4) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the
Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the
occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based thereon
shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as If:

(a) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common issued were the shares of Common Stock. if
any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options plus the consideration actually
received by the Corporation upon such exercise or for the issue of all such Convertible Securities
which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually
received by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange. and

(b) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities. only
the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of
issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of
Common deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been
received by the Corporation (determined pursuant to Section 4(d)(v)) upon the issue of the
Convertible Securities with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; and

-1l-
SV\830164.8
(S) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in
the Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of
business on such record date, and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this
paragraph 4(d)(il1) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares
of Common. In the event the Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common (including
Additional Shares of Common deemed to be issued pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(ili)) without
consideration or for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price of any series
of Preferred Stock in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue, then, the Conversion
Price of such series of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price
(calculated to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to such issue plus the number of shares which the Aggregate Consideration (as defined in Section
4(d)(v) below) received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common so
issued would purchase at such Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such
Additional Shares of Common so issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall
not be reduced at such time if the amount of such reduction would be !ess than $0.01, but any such
amount shall be carried forward. and a reduction will be made with respect to such amount at the
time of, and together with, any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any
other amounts so carried forward, equal $0.01 or more in the aggregate. For the purposes of this
Subsection 4(d)(iv), all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock and the exercise and/or conversion of any other outstanding Convertible
Securities and al! outstanding Options shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this subsection 4(d),
the “Aggregate Consideration” received by the Corporation for the issue (or deemed issue) of any
Additional Shares of Common shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable discounts,
commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or
otherwise in connection with such issuance:

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issuc, as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors: and

(c) in the event Additional Shares of Common are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (a)
and (b) above, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

-]2-
SV\830164.8
(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per
share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common deemed to have been issued
pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(iii) shall be determined by dividing

(w) — the total amount, if any. received or receivable by the Corporation as
consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities. plus the minimum aggregate
amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to
any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities by

(x) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(e) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the event
the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a stock
dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock without a corresponding
subdivision of the applicable series of Preferred Stock. the Conversion Prices of the Preferred Stock
in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such
subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock
without a corresponding combination of the applicable series of Preferred Stock. the Conversion
Prices in effect immediately prior to such combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of
such combination, be proportionately increased.

(1) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. In the event
the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a stock
dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate.
Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of each affected series of Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision,
be proportionately decreased. Jn the event the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be
combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, the
Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of cach affected series of Preferred
Stock in effect immediately prior to such combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of
such combination, be proportionately increased.

(g) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to
Section 3 above, if there shall be a Recapitalization with respect to the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock (other than a subdivision or combination of shares provided for
above), then, in any such event. in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock which the holders
would otherwise have been entitled to receive, each holder of such Preferred Stock shall have the
right thereafter to convert such shares of Preferred Stock into a number of shares of such other class
or classes of stock which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock immediately before that change would have been entitled to

-]3-

SV\830164.8
receive in such Recapitalization, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to
such other shares.

(h) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of cach adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the
Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance
with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of
Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (1) such
adjustments and readjustments, (it) the applicable Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of Preferred Stock.

(i) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock may be
waived, either before or after the issuance causing the adjustment, upon the consent or vote of (x) the
Board of Directors (including approval by at least 3 of 4 directors elected solely by holders of a
series of Preferred Stock) and (y) (A) the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the then
outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a class on an as-converted basis and (B) the holders
of at least a majority of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock, voting
together as a separate class on an as-converted basis.

(j) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall propose at any

time:

(i) to declare any Distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out of
earnings or carned surplus;

(ii) to effect any Recapitalization of its outstanding Common Stock; or

(iii) to enter into any transaction deemed to be a Liquidation Event
pursuant to Section 3(f);

then, in connection with each such event, the Corporation shall send to the holders of the
Preferred Stock at least ten (10) days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record shall be
taken for such Distribution (and specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled thereto and, if applicable, the amount and character of such Distribution) or tor determining
rights to vote in respect of the matters referred to in (11) and (111) above.

Such written notice shall be given by first class mail (or express courier), postage prepaid,
addressed to the holders of Preferred Stock at the address for each such holder as shown on the
books of the Corporation and shall be deemed given on the date such notice is mailed.

The notice provisions set forth in this section may be shortened or waived prospectively or
retrospectively by the vote or written consent of (i) the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the
Preferred Stock, voting together as a class on an as-converted basis and (11) the holders of at least a

-|4-
SV\830164.8
majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock voting
together as a separate class on an as-converted basis.

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock: and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion
of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

5. Redemption.

(a) At any time after the sixth anniversary of the first sale and issuance by the
Company of any shares of Series D Preferred, any holder or holders of not less than sixty percent
(60%) of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock voting together as a separate class on an as-
converted basis may by written notice to the Corporation elect to exercise the redemption rights set
forth in this Section 5 (the “Stockholder Notice”). Upon receipt of any such Stockholder Notice,
the Corporation shall promptly deliver written notice of the proposed redemption to all other holders
of then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, and the Corporation shall redeem, in the manner
specified in this Section S(a), out of funds Icgally available therefor, all (but not less than all)
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder(s), together with all (but not less than all)
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock requested to be redeemed by any other holder joining in such
request within twenty (20) days after the Corporation has delivered such written notice, which have
not been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 hereof, in three (3) equal annual
installments, with the first installment occurring within sixty (60) days following the receipt by the
Corporation of the Stockholder Notice (the “Initial Redemption Date”). The second installment
shall occur on the first anniversary of the Initial Redemption Date. The third installment shall occur
on the second anniversary of the Initial Redemption Date. The date of each such installment shall be
referred to as a““Redemption Date.” The Corporation shall redeem the shares of Preferred Stock by
paying in cash an amount per share equal to the Original Issue Price for such Preferred Stock, plus
an amount per share equal to eight percent (8%) of such Original Issue Price per annum from the
applicable Original Issue Date to and until cash payment is made with respect to such shares (the
“Redemption Price”), The number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Corporation shall be
required under this Section 5 to redeem on any one (1) Redemption Date shall be equal to the
amount determined by dividing: (a) the aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the Redemption Date for which redemption is requested hereunder by (b) the
number of remaining Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date to which such calculation

applies).

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary sect forth herein, any redemption
effected pursuant to Section 5(a) shall be made first, with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock,
second, with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, and third, on a part passu basis with respect to
the Serics B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, it being understood that no shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock may be redeemed at

-[5-
SVi830164.8
any Redemption Date until all shares of Series D Preferred Stock requested to be redeemed pursuant
to Section 5(a) shall have been so redeemed and that no shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series
B Preferred Stock may be redeemed at any Redemption Date until all shares of Series C Preferred
Stock requested to be redeemed pursuant to Section 5(a) shall have been so redeemed.

(c) At least fifteen (15), but no more than thirty (30) days prior to each Redemption
Date, written notice shall be mailed, first class postage prepaid, to each holder of record (at the close
of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given) of the Preferred
Stock to be redeemed, at the address last shown on the records of the Corporation for such holder,
notifying such holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying the number of shares to be
redeemed from such holder, the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price, the place at which
payment may be obtained and calling upon such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the
manner and at the place designated, the holder’s certificate or certificates representing the shares to
be redeemed (the “Redemption Notice”). Except as provided herein, on or after the Redemption
Date each holder of Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender to the Corporation the certificate
or certificates representing such shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption
Notice, and thereupon the Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the
person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each
surrendered certificate shall be cancelled. In the event less than all the shares represented by any
such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares.

(d) From and atter the applicable Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a
default in payment of the Redemption Price, all nghts of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock
designated for redemption in the Redemption Notice as holders of Preferred Stock to be redeemed
(except the right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificate
or certificates) shall cease with respect to the shares designated for redemption on such date, and
such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be
outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. If the funds legally available for redemption of the
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full respective
Redemption Prices, the Corporation shall effect such redemption first, pro rata among the holders of
Series D Preferred Stock, second pro rata among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, and third.
pro rata among the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock. If the entire
amount available for redemption is insufficient to fully redeem the Series D Preferred Stock then
being redeemed pursuant to the terms hereol. each holder of Series D Preterred Stock shall receive a
redemption payment equal to a fraction of the aggregate amount available for redemption for all
series of Preferred Stock, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock
held by such holder, and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Series D Preferred
Stock outstanding. If after making or setting aside payment of the Redemption Price payable to the
holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, the entire amount remaining available for redemption is
insufficient to fully redeem the Series C Preferred Stock then being redeemed pursuant to the terms
hereof, each holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall receive a redemption payment equal to a
fraction of the aggregate amount available for redemption for all shares of Series C Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, the numerator of which is the number of
shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder, and the denominator of which ts the number
of shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding. If after making or setting aside payment of the
Redemption Price payable to the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred
Stock then being redeemed pursuant to the terms hereof, the entire amount remaining available for

-16-
SV\830164.8
redemption is insufficient to fully redeem the Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock
then being redeemed pursuant to the terms hereof. each holder of Series B Preferred Stock and
Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall receive a redemption payment equal to a fraction of the
ageregalte amount available for redemption for all shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series A
Preferred Stock, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock and
Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable, held by such holder with each number multiplied by the
Redemption Price of each share of Serics B Preferred Stock and Scrics A Preferred Stock, as
applicable, held by such holder, and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock and Serics A Preferred Stock, as applicable. outstanding multiplied by the
Redemption Price of each such outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred
Stock, as applicable. The shares of Preferred Stock not redeemed shal] remain outstanding and
entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein (including payment of the Redemption
Price). At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation are legally available for the
redemption of shares of Preferred Stock such funds will immediately be used to redeem the balance
of the shares which the Corporation has become obliged to redeem on any Redemption Date, but
which it has not redeemed.

(e) On or prior to cach Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit the
full Redemption Price of all shares of Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption
Notice and not yet redeemed with a bank or trust corporation having aggregate capital and surplus in
excess of $100,000,000, as a trust fund for the benefit of the respective holders of the shares
designated for redemption and not yet redeemed, with irrevocable instructions and authority to the
bank or trust corporation to pay the Redemption Price for such shares to their respective holders on
or after the Redemption Date upon receipt of notification from the Corporation that such holder has
surrendered a share certificate to the Corporalion pursuant to Section 5{c) above. As of the
Redemption Date, the deposit shall constitute full payment of the shares to their holders, and from
and after the Redemption Date the shares so called for redemption shall be redeemed and shall be
deemed to be no longer outstanding, and the holders thereof shall cease to be stockholders with
respect to such shares and shall have no rights with respect thereto except the right to receive from
the bank or trust corporation payment of the Redemption Price of the shares, without interest. upon
surrender of their certificates therefor. Such instructions shall also provide that any moneys
deposited by the Corporation pursuant to this Section 5(¢) for the redemption of shares thereafter
converted into shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 hereof prior to the
Redemption Date shall be returned to the Corporation forthwith upon such conversion. The balance
of any moneys deposited by the Corporation pursuant to this Section 5(e) remaining unclaimed at the
expiration of two (2) years following the Redemption Date shall thereafter be returned to the
Corporation upon its request expressed in a resolution of its Board of Directors.

6. Voting.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together
and not as separate classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law, there shall
be no series voting.

SVi830164.8
(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number
of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock
held by such holder could be converted as of the record date. The holders of shares of the Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled to vote.
Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance
with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any
fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which
shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be disregarded.

(d) Election of Directors. So long as any shares of Series C Preferred remain
outstanding, the holders of a majority of the Series C Preferred then outstanding, voting as a separate
class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each
mecting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors,
and to remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation. death or
removal of such director. So long as any shares of Scries B Preferred remain outstanding. the
holders of a majority of the Series B Preferred then outstanding. voting as a separate class. shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at cach meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by their resignation, death or
removal. So long as any shares of Series A Preferred remain outstanding, the holders of a majority
of the Series A Preferred then outstanding, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1)
member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such director and
to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director. The holders of a
majority of the Common Stock then outstanding, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect
one (1) member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent
of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such
director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director. The
holders of a majority of the Common Stock then outstanding, voting as a separate class and with the
consent of the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock then outstanding, shall be entitled to elect
one (1) member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at cach meeting or pursuant to each consent
of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such
director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director. ‘The
holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted
basis, shall be entitled to elect any additional members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors. and
to remove from office any such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation. death or
removal of any such director.

(e) Adjustment in Authorized Common Stock. The number of authorized shares of
Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding) by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the
Corporation voting together on an-as-converted basis irrespective of §242(b) of the Delaware
General Corporation Law.

(f) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall] be entitled to one
vote for each share thereof held.

-18-

SV\830164.8
(g) California Section 2115. So long as Section 2115 of the California General
Corporation Law makes Section 708 subdivisions (a), (b) and (c) of the California General
Corporation Law applicable to the Corporation, the Corporation’s stockholders shall have the right
to cumulate their votes in connection with the election of directors as provided by Section 708
subdivisions (a), (b) and (c) of the California General Corporation Law.

7. Amendments and Changes. As long as any of the Preferred Stock shall be issued and
outstanding, the Corporation shall not (by amendment, reclassification, merger, consolidation or
otherwise), without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent as provided by law) of
the holders of at least 60% of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a
separate class on an-as-converted basis:

(a) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
of the Corporation if such action would affect the rights, preferences, privileges or powers of, or
restricuions provided for the benefit of the Preferred Stock or otherwise alter or change the rights,
preferences and privileges of Preferred Stock:

(b) increase or decrease (other than for decreases resulting from converston of the
Preferred Stock) the authorized number of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock;

(c) authorize or create any new class or series of shares having rights, preferences or
privileges senior to or pari passu with any series of the Preferred Stock;

(d) redeem or repurchase any shares of Common Stock (other than pursuant to
equity incenlive agreements or restricted stock purchase agreements with service providers giving
the Corporation the right to repurchase such shares at no greater than cost upon termination of
service provider relationship);

(e) enter into any transaction or series of related transactions deemed to be a
Liquidation Event pursuant to Section 3(f) above;

(f) voluntarily liquidate or dissolve;
(yg) change the authorized number of directors of the Corporation;

(h) declare or pay any Distribution with respect to the Preferred Stock (other than
pursuant to Section 5 hereof) or Common Stock of the Corporation;

(i) establish any subsidiary of the Corporation;

(j) enter into any transaction with any affiliate (as defined under Rule 144 of the
Securities Act) other than in the ordinary course of business: or

(k) amend this Section 7.
8. Amendments and Changes. So long as at least 2.000.000 shares of Series C Preferred
Stock or Series D Preferred Stock shall be issued and outstanding, the Corporation shall not (by

amendment, reclassification, merger. consolidation or otherwise), without first obtaining the

-19-
SV\830164.8
approval (by vote or written consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a
separate class on an-as-converted basis:

(a) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
of the Corporation if such action would affect the rights, preferences, privileges or powers of, or
restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock or

otherwise alter or change the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series C Preferred Stock or
Series D Preferred Stock;

(b) increase or decrease (other than for decreases resulting from conversion of the
Preferred Stock) the authorized number of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock;

(c) authorize or create any new class or series of shares having rights, preferences or
privileges senior to or pari passu with the Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock;

(d) redeem or repurchase any shares of Common Stock (other than pursuant to
equity incentive agreements or restricted stock purchase agreements with service providers giving
the Corporation the right to repurchase such shares at no greater than cost upon termination of
service provider relationship);

(e) enter into any transaction or scrics of related transactions deemed to be a
Liquidation Event pursuant to Section 3(1) above;

(f) voluntarily liquidate or dissolve:
(g) change the authorized number of directors of the Corporation;

(h) declare or pay any Distribution with respect to the Preferred Stock (other than
pursuant to Section 5 hereof) or Common Stock of the Corporation:

(i) establish any subsidiary of the Corporation;

(j) enter into any transaction with any affiliate (as defined under Rule 144 of the
Securities Act) other than in the ordinary course of business; or

(k) amend this Section 8.

9, Protective Provisions

(a) Series D. Consent of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the Series D
Preferred, voting as a separate series. shall be required for any action that (i) materially and
adversely affects the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series D Preferred in a manner different
than the other series of Preferred Stock, or (ii) amends or waives any provision of the Company’s
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws that materially and adversely affects the rights, preferences
or privileges of the Series D Preferred in a manner different than the other series of Preferred Stock.
including any amendment to this Section 8(a), it being understood that the Series D Preferred shall
not be affected differently because of the proportional differences in the amounts of respective issue

-20)-
SV\830164.8
prices, conversion prices, liquidation preferences and redemption prices that arise out of differences
in the Original Issue Price compared to other series of Preferred Stock).

(b) Series C. Consent of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the Series C
Preferred, voting as a separate series, shall be required for any action that (1) materially and
adversely affects the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series C Preferred in a manner different
than the other series of Preferred Stock, or (11) amends or waives any provision of the Company’s
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws that materially and adversely affects the rights, preferences
or privileges of the Series C Preferred in a manner different than the other series of Preferred Stock,
including any amendment to this Section 8(b), it being understood that the Series C Preferred shall
not be affected differently because of the proportional differences tn the amounts of respective issue
prices, conversion prices, liquidation preferences and redemption prices that arise out of differences
in the Original Issue Price compared to other series of Preferred Stock).

(c) Series B. Consent of the holders of at least a majority of the Series B Preferred
shall be required for any action that (1) materially and adversely affects the rights, preferences or
privileges of the Series B Preferred in a manner different than the other series of Preferred Stock, or
(11) amends or waives any provision of the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws that
materially and adversely affects the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series B Preferred in a
manner different than the other series of Preferred Stock, it being understood that the Series B
Preferred shall not be affected differently because of the proportional! differences in the amounts of
respective issue prices, conversion prices, liquidation preferences and redemption prices that arise
out of differences in the Original Issue Price compared to other series of Preferred Stock).

(d) Series A. Consent of the holders of at least a majority of the Series A Preferred
shall be required for any action that (1) materially and adversely affects the rights, preferences or
privileges of the Series A Preferred in a manner different than the other series of Preferred Stock, or
(11) amends or waives any provision of the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws that
materially and adversely affects the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred in a
manner different than the other series of Preferred Stock, it being understood that the Series A
Preferred shall not be affected differently because of the proportional differences in the amounts of
respective issue prices, conversion prices, liquidation preferences and redemption prices that arise
out of differences in the Original Issue Price compared to other series of Preferred Stock).

For the avoidance of doubt, (1) the creation, authorization or issuance of a new class or series of
shares (including any security convertible into or exerctsable for any such shares) having rights,
preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock (the "New
Preferred’) and (11) the inclusion of such New Preferred in the definition of “Preferred Stock” in
the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto will not be deemed to
adversely affect any such series of Preferred Stock differently than the other series of Preferred
Stock.

10. Reissuance of Preferred Stock. In the event that any shares of Preferred Stock shall
be converted pursuant to Section 4 or otherwise repurchased by the Corporation, the shares so
converted, redeemed or repurchased shall be cancelled and shall not be issuable by the Corporation.

SV\830164.8
11. Notices. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given
effectively to stockholders, any notice required by the provisions of this ARTICLE V to be given to
the holders of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given (a) if deposited in the United States mail,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder's address appearing on the
books of the Corporation, (b) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which
the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (c) if by electronic mail, when directed to an
electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; and (d) if by a
posting on an electronic network together with separate notice, by a method set forth above. to the
stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (i) such posting and (il) the giving of such
separate notice.

12. The Corporation ts to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE V1

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless a stockholder demands election by
written ballot at the mecting and before voting begins or unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall
so provide.

ARTICLE VII

Unless otherwise sct forth herein, and subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock
set forth in ARTICLE V Section 7 hereof. the number of directors which constitute the Board of
Directors of the Corporation shall be designated in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VIII

In furtherance and not tn limitation of the powers conferred by statute, and subject to the
tights of the holders of Preferred Stock set forth in ARTICLE V Section 7 hereof, the Board of
Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of
the Corporation.

ARTICLE IX

I. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same
exists or as it may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable
to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for a breach of fiduciary duty as a
director.

2. The Corporation shal! indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil.
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such person or such person’s testator or
intestate is or was a director or, officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation or
serves or served at any other enterprise as a director. officer or employee at the request of the
Corporation or any predecessor to the Corporation.

3. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this ARTICLE IX. nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this ARTICLE IX, shall

-22-
SV\830164.8
climinate or reduce the effect of this ARTICLE IX, in respect of any matter occurring, or any action
or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this ARTICLE IX, would accrue or arise, prior to
such amendment, repeal or adoption of any inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE X

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws
may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the
statutes) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to
time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE XI

Except as provided in ARTICLE 1X above, and subject to the rights of the holders of
Preferred Stock set forth in Section 7 and Section 8 of ARTICLE V hereof, the Corporation reserves
the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of
Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon
stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

SV‘830164.8
