FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:39/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 2

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 02:39 PM 06/02/2004
FILED 02:33 PM 06/02/2004
SRV 040410197 - 3810789 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

AETHON, INC,

The undersigned natural person, acting as an incorporator of a corporation under the Delaware
Gereral Corporation Law (ihe “DGCL”), hereby adopts the following Certificate of Incorporation for
such corporation:

ARTICLE ONE
The name of the corporation is Aethon, Inc. (the “Company”).

ARTICLE TWO

The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209
Orange Street in the city of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The name of its
registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE THREE

The purpose for which the Company is organized is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which corporations may be organized under the DGCL.

ARTICLE FOUR

A. Authorized Capital Stock. The aggregate number of shares of capital stock which the
Company shall have the authority to issue is 50,283,051, consisting of: (1) 30,007,867 shares of Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (“Common Stock”); (2) 20,275,184 shares of
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (“Preferred Stock”), consisting of (a)
2,918,024 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (“Series A
Preferred Stock”); (b) 4,266,919 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the
Company (“Senes B Preferred Stock”); and (c) 13,090,241 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, $0.001 par
valuz per share, of the Company ("Series C Preferred Stock"). The Series B Preferred Stock and Series C
Preferred are sometimes referred to herein as the "Series B and C Stock" or the "Series B or C Stock", as
the case may be.

B. Changes in Authorized Capital Stock. Subject to the specific nights, preferences or privileges
of any class of stock as set forth herein, the number of authorized shares of any such class or classes may
be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of such class or classes then outstanding)
by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the capital stock of the
Company (voting together as a single class), irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the
DGCL.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:40/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 3

C. Common Stock Provisions.

1. Dividend Rights.

The holders of Common Stock are not entitled to receive any fixed or set dividend. The
holders of Common Stock shall receive dividends only at such times and in such amounts as may be
determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, provided, however, that no such dividend shall be
deciared or paid unless all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Preferred Stock are paid and the Preferred
Stock receive an additional dividend equal in amount to the dividend per share being paid lo the holders
of the Common Stock as if each share of Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock.

2, Voting Rights.

Except as otherwise required by law or expressly provided herein, the holder of each
share of Common Stock shall have one vote per share on each matter submitted io a vote of the
stockholders of the Company.

3, Liquidation Rights,

The nights of any holder of Common Stock in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, shall be as set forth in Section D.4 below,

D. Preferred Stock Provisions,

1. Relative Ranking.

With respect to the payment of dividends, and otherwise as specified herein, shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall rank pari passu
(1.¢., equal with respect to right of payment) and shall rank senior (i.c., priority with respect to right of
payment) to shares of Common Stock and any other equity security of the Company (together with
Common Stock, the “Junior Stock”). With respect to the payment upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company, and otherwise as specified herein, shares of Series B and C Stock shall rank
senior (prior) to shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Junior Stock, and Series A Preferred Stock shall
rank senior (prior) to shares of Junior Stock.

2, Dividend Rights,

(a) Subject to and in accordance with Section D.1, the holders of Preferred Stock, in
preference to the holders of Junior Stock, shall be entitled to receive, but only out of funds that are legally
available therefor, cash dividends (or at the option of the holder, additional shares of Preferred Stock of
the agplicable series held by such holder, the fair market value of which shall be determined by the Board
of Directors in accordance with Section D.8(b)) at the rate of four percent (4%) of the Original Issue Price
(as defined below) per annum (the “Preferred Dividend”) on each outstanding share of Preferred Stock (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such
shares). The Preferred Dividend shall in any event accrue from the original date of the issuance of such
Preferred Stock, whether or not earned or declared, and shall be cumulative and compound at an annual
rate (based on a 360 day year). The “Original Issue Price” shall be $0.61 per share for Series A Preferred
Stock, shall be $0.71 per share for Series B Preferred Stock, and shall be $0,5368 per share for Series C
Preferred Stock. The Preferred Dividend shall be payable to the holders of the Preferred Stock, in
preference ta and before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Stock
upon the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) with respect 1o payment of the Preferred Dividend
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2 04 13:40/8T. 13:38/NO. 4863796617 P 4

to the Series B and C Stock only, upon redemption of the Series B and C Stock in accordance with
Section D.8, (ii) upon a Qualified Public Offering or a public offering that is not a Qualified Public
Offering, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding wp of the
Company pursuant to Section D.4.

(b) Se long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividend, whether in
cash or property, shall be paid or declared, nor shall any other distribution be made, with respect to any
Junior Stock, nor shall any shares of any Junior Stock of the Company be purchased, redeemed, or
otherwise acquired for value by the Company (except for acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company
pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares upon termination of services
to tae Company or in exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer) until all
dividends (set forth in Section D.2(a) above) with respect to the Preferred Stock shall have been paid or
declared and set apart. In the event dividends are paid on any share of Junior Stock, an additional
dividend shall be paid with respect 1o all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock in an amount equal per
share (on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set aside for each share of
Jun:.or Stock. The provisions of this Section D.2(b) shall not, however, apply to the acquisition of shares
of any Jumior Stock in exchange for shares of any other Junior Stock.

3. Voting Rights.

Except as otherwise provided herein or as required by law, the Preferred Stock shall be
voted equally with the shares of the Common Stock of the Company and not as a separate class, at any
amuraal or special meeting of stockholders of the Company, and may act by written consent in the sarne
manner as the Common Stock, in either case upon the following basis: each holder of shares of Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to such number of votes as shall be equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock (including fractional shares) into which such holder’s aggregate number of shares of Preferred
Stock are convertible (pursuant to Section D.6 hereof) immediately after the close of business on the
record date fixed for such meeting or the effective date of such written consent.

4, Liquidation Rights.

(a) Series B and C Liquidation Preference. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series B and C Stock shall be entitled,
before any distribution or payment is made with respect to any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or
Junior Stock:

(i) to be paid an amount equal to the Original Issue Price per share (as adjusted for any
stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares, and
without any adjustment related to the applicable Conversion Price) multiplied by the number of shares of
Series B or C Stock, as the case may be, then outstanding, plus, in the case of each share of Series B and
C Stock, an amount equal to any and all dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, computed to the date
payinent thereof is made available (the “Series B and C Liquidation Preference”); or

(ii) immediately prior to such event, to elect to convert their shares of Series B or C
Stock into Common Stock pursuant to Section D.6.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:40/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 5

If upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or
involuntary, the assets to be distributed among the holders of Series B and C Stock shall be insufficient to
permit payment to the holders of Series B and C Stock of the amount distributable in Section D.A(a), then
the entire assets of the Company to be so distributed shall be distributed ratably among the holders of
Series B and C Stock based upon the Series B and C Liquidation Preference then awed to such holders.

(b) Series A Liquidation Preference. After full payment of the Series B and C Liquidation
Preference has been madc to the holders of the Series B and C Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled, before any distribution or payment is made upon any shares of Junior Stock:

(i) to be paid an amount equal to the Original Issue Price per share (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares, and without any
adjustment related to the applicable Conversion Price) multiplied by the number of shares of Series A
Preterred Stock then outstanding, plus, in the case of each share of Series A Preferred Stock, an amount
equal to any and all dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, computed to the date payment thereof is made
available (the “Series A. Liquidation Preference”, and together with the Series B and C Liquidation
Preference, the “Collective Liquidation Preference”); or

(ii) immediately prior to such event, to elect to convert their shares of Series A Preferred
Stock into Common Stock pursuant to Section D.6.

If after full payment of the Series B and C Liquidation Preference, the assets to be distributed
among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit payment to the holders of
Serics A Preferred Stock of the amount distributable in Section D.4(b), then the entire remaining assets of
the Company to be so distributed shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock based upon the Series A Liquidation preference then owed to such holders.

(c) After payment of the Collective Liquidation Preference in full, the remaining assets of the
Company shall be distributed to the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock ratably as if the
Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock in accordance with Section D.6; provided,
however, that the aggregate amount that the Preferred Stock shall receive in connection with the
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, including the Collective Liquidation Preference,
shall not exceed: (i) two times (2x) the Collective Liquidation Preference if such payment occurs before
March 31, 2005 and (ii) three times (3x) the Collective Liquidation Preference if such payment occurs on
or after March 31, 2005.

(d) Written notice of any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up shall be made by the
Company, stating a payment date, the amount of any payments and the place where such payments shall
be made, shall be given by mail, postage prepaid, or by international courier to non-United States
residents, not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the payment date stated therein, to the holders of record
of Preferred Stock, such notice to be addressed to each such holder at its address as shown by the records
of the Company.

(e) The following events shall be considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Conrany under this Section D.4:

(i) Any consolidation, exchange or merger of the Company with or into any other
corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization or transfer of capital stock, in
which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation, exchange, merger or
reorganization, own less than fifty percent (50%) of the Company's voting power immediately after such
consolidation, exchange, merger or reorganization, or any transaction or series of related transactions to
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2°04 13:41/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 6

which the Company is a party in which in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the Company's voting power is
trarsferred, excluding any consolidation or merger clected exclusively to change the domicile of the
Cormpany (an “Acquisition”); or

(1) A sale, lease or license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Cotnpany in any transaction or series of related transactions (an “Asset Transfer”); or

(it) The Company is wound up, liquidated or dissolved, whether voluntary or involuntary.

Any event or occurrence that constitutes an Acquisition or Asset Transfer will also be deemed a
“Change in Control.”

(f) In the event of such a Change in Control, if the consideration received by the Company is
other than cash, the value of such non-cash consideration shall be deemed its fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors as of the date of such Change in Control. Any
securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions on free
marketability covered by Section D.4(f)(ii) below:

(A) If traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq National Market, the
value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such quotation system
over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing:

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the average of
the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3)
days pnor to the closing; and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value
thereof, as mutually determined by the Board of Directors and the holders of at least 55% of the voting
power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or other restrictions on
free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or
former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market value determined as above in
Section D.4(f)(i(A)(B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as mutually
determined by the Board of Directors and the holders of at least 55% of the voting power of all then
outsianding shares of such Preferred Stock.

5. Restrictions.

So long as at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares of Series B or C Stock remain
outstanding, without the approval of the holders of at least 60% of the shares of Series B and C Stock then
outstanding, given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or voting (as the case may be) together
as # single class, and in addition to any other vote required by law or this Certificate of Incorporation, the
Company will not:

(a) Amend, alter or repeal any provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws
of the Company, including amending, altcring or repealing any rights, preferences or privileges of the
Preferred Stock:
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2°04 13:41/8T. 13:38/NO. 4863796617 P 7

(b) Purchase or set aside any sums for the purchase of any shares of capital stock of the
Corapany, except for: (i) the purchase of capital stock of the Company from former employees, directors
or consultants to the Company upon termination of their status, if each such purchase is made pursuant to
an agreement in a form approved by the Board of Directors: or (ii) the making of any redemption of
Series B or C Stock pursuant to Section D.8:

(c) Pay any dividend or make any distribution on any shares of Series A Preferred Stock ot
Junior Stock, except for the Collective Liquidation Preference;

(d) Enter into, consent to, or agree to any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, or any Change in Control, recapitalization or reclassification involving the Company;

(e) Create or authorize the creation of any additional class or series of shares of capital stock,
or increase the authorized number of the Preferred Stock or increase the authorized number of any other
class or series of shares of capital stock, or create or authorize any obligation or security convertible into
shares of Preferred Stock or into shares of any other class or series of capital stock, whether any such
creation, authorization or increase shall be by means of amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation, by
an Acquisition, reclassification of capital stock or otherwise;

(f) Increasing or decreasing the size of the Board of Directors to a number other than seven
(7) cirectors:

(g) Adopt, create, materially amend or alter any equity incentive plan (or similar plan or
arrangement), increase the number of securities available for options and grants to directors, officers and
emp.oyees of, or consultants to, the Company in excess of 4,368,051 shares available under the
Company’s Stock Option Plan (the “SOP”), or amend or alter any existing employment agreement or
compensation package or enter into any new employment agreement or provide any new compensation
package in excess of $75,000 per year, without the prior approval of the Board of Directors;

(bh) Incur any debt with respect to which the Company is the obligor in excess of $300,000;

(i) Authorize, enter into, or agree to transfer or sell any of the Company’s intellectual
property rights, other than intellectual property rights transferred in the ordinary course of business on
terms which are approved by the Board of Directors;

(J) Issue any securities of the Company in a public offering pursuant to a registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

(k) Materially change the nature of the Company’s business.

6. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the
“Conversion Rights”):

(a) Optional Conversion: Conversion Price. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be

convertible, without the payment of any additional consideration by the holder thereof and at the option of
the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Company or any
transler agent for the Preferred Stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Conumon Stock as is determined in accordance with the following:

(i) In the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
Series A Preferred Stock by the Series A Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:42/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 8

conversion. ‘The conversion price at which shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion
of each share of Series A Preferred Stock without the payment of additional consideration by the holder
thereof shall initially be the Original Issue Price for such share of Series A Preferred Stock, subject to
adjustment, in order to adjust the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Preferred
Slock is convertible, as hereinafler provided (the “Series A Conversion Price").

(ii) In the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
Series B Preterred Stock by the Series B Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The conversion price at which shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion
of each share of Series B Preferred Stock without the payment of additional consideration by the holder
thereof shall initially be the Onginal Issue Price for such share of Series B Preferred Stock, subject to
adjustment, in order to adjust the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series B Preferred
Stock is convertible, as hereinafter provided (the “Series B Conversion Price”).

(iii) In the case of the Series C Preferred Stock, by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
Series C Preferred Stock by the Series C Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The conversion price at which shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion
of cach share of Series C Preferred Stock without the payment of additional consideration by the holder
thereof shall initially be the Original Issue Price for such share of Series C Preferred Stock, subject to
adjustment, in order to adjust the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series C Preferred
Stock is convertible, as hereinafter provided (the “Series C Conversion Price”).

(iv) The Senes A Conversion Price, the Series B Conversion Frice and the Series C
Cor.version Price shal! sometimes be referred to herein as the “applicable Conversion Price”.

The night of conversion with respect to any shares of Preferred Stock which shall have been called for
redemption under Section D.8 hereof shall terminate at the close of business on the day fixed for
redemption unless the Company shall default in the payment of the redemption price, in which case the
right of conversion with respect to such shares shall continue unless and until such redemption price 18
paicl in full.

(b) Mechanics of Optional Conversions. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shal! be
entitled to convert shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, the holder shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for the Preferred
Stock, and shall give written notice to the Company at such office that the holder elects to convert the
same. Such notice shall state the number of shares of Preferred Stock bemg converted and shall state
therein the holder's name or the name or names of the holder's nominees in which the holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. On the date of conversion, all nights
with respect to the Preferred Stock so converted shall terminate, except any of the rights of the holder
thereof, upon surrender of the holder's certificate or certificates therefor, to receive certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock has been converted and cash in an
amicunt equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends on, and any and all other amounts owing with respect
to, the shares of Preferred Stock being converted to and including the time of conversion. If so required
by the Company, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written
instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Company, duly executed by the
registered holder or by the holders attorney duly authorized in writing. Upon the optional conversion of
the Preferred Stock, all shares of Preferred Stock being converted by any holder thereof shall be
aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder
shall be entitled, and no fractional share of Common Stock shall be issued. In lieu of any fractional share
to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay cash equal to such traction
multiplied by the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of conversion, as reasonably
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:42/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 9

deiermined by the Board of Directors in good faith. The Company shall, promptly after surrender of the
certificate or certificates for conversion, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock,
or to the holder's nominee or nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common
Stock to which the holder shall be entitled as aforesaid, together with cash in lieu of any fraction of a
share and cash in an amount equal to all dividends declared but unpaid thereon and any and all other
amounts owing with respect thereto at such time. Unless otherwise specified by the holder in the written
notice of conversion, such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close
of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person
or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall be treated for
all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(c) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted
into shares of Common Stock at the Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price or Series C
Cor.version Price then in effect, as the case may be, upon the occurrence of either of the following:

(i) at any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least seventy-five percent
(75%) of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock voting together as a separate class, or

(ii) immediately upon the closing of the Company’s first firm committed underwritten public
offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the Company at a price equal to or
greater than three times (3x) the Original Issue Price for the Series C Preferred Stock (as adjusted as
provided herein) with gross proceeds to the Company of at least $30 million before expenses (“Qualified
Public Offering”).

(d) Mechanics of Automatic Conversions. Upon the occurrence of an event specified in
Subsection 6(c), the shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action
by tae holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered
to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however, that all holders of shares of Preferred Stock
heing converted shall be given written notice of the occurrence of the event specified in Subsection 6(c)
triggering such conversion, including the date such event occurred (the “Mandatory Conversion Date”),
and the Company shall not be obligated to issuc certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion unless certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock being
converted are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent, or the holder notifies the Company ot
any transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen, or destroyed and executes an agreement
sati¢ factory to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection
therewith. On the Mandatory Conversion Date, all rights with respect to the shares of Preferred Stock so
converted shall terminate, except any of the rights of the holder thereof, upon surrender of the holder's
certificate or certificates therefor, to receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such Preferred Stock has been converted, together with cash in an amount equal to all accrued and
unpaid dividends on, and any and all other amounts owing with respect to, the shares of Preferred Stock
converted to and including the time of conversion. Upon the automatic conversion of the shares of
Preferred Stock, the holders of such shares shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the
office of the Company or of its transfer agent. If so required by the Company, certificates surrendered for
conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrament or mstruments of transfer, in form
satisfactory to the Company, duly executed by the registered holder or by the holders attomey duly
authonzed in wnting. Upon surrender of such certificates there shall be issued and delivered to such
holder, or to such holder’s nominee or nominees promptly at such office, a certificate or certificates for
the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock surrendered were
convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, together with cash in an amount
equ! to all dividends declared but unpaid on, and any and all other amounts owing with respect to, the
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:43/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 10

shares of Preferred Stock converted to and including the time of conversion. Upon the automatic
conversion of the Preferred Stock, all shares of Preferred Stock being converted by any holder thereof
sha‘l be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled, and no fractional share of Common Stock shall be issued. In lieu of any
fractional share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay cash equal to
such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of the Common Stock on the Mandatory Conversion
Date, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors in good faith.

(e) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Subsection 6(e), the following definitions shall
apply:

(A) “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(B) “Original Issue Date” shall mean, with respect to any series of Preferred Stack,
the first date on which a share of Preferred Stock of such series was issued.

(C) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares of
capital stock (other than Common Stock) or other securities directly or indirectly convertible
into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(D) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock
issued (or, pursuant to Subsection 6(e)(iii), deemed to be issued) by the Company after the
Original Issue Date, other than:

(1) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to the holders of
Preferred Stock upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock;

(0) up to 4,368,051 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance
to employees, directors and consultants of the Company upon exercise of options granted or to be
granted pursuant to the SOP;

(I) ~—sup to 265,465 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance to
UPMC/Diversified Services and UPMC/St. Margaret's upon exercise of the UPMC/Diversified
Services and LUPMC/St, Margaret's warrants (the “UPMC Warrants”);

(TV) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a dividend or
distribution on any class or series of Preferred Stock or shares of Preferred Stock issued or
issuable as a dividend pursuant to Section D.2 hereof

(V) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
the acquisition of the assets or the outstanding capital stock of another corporation or other entity
by the Company or the merger of another corporation or other entity into the Company; provided
that pursuant to such acquisition the holders of capital stock of the Company immediately prior to
such acquisition continue to hold in excess of fifty percent (50%) in voting power of the capital
stock of the Company; provided, further, that such acquisition is approved by a majority of the
whole Board of Directors (including the Series C Directors);
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2 04 13:43/8T. 13:38/NO. 4863796617 P 11

(VI) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
commercial lending or lease transactions, strategic partnership arrangements or real estate leasing
transactions approved by a majority of the whole Board of Directors (including the Series C
Directors); provided that such transactions or arrangements are not intended to serve as equity
financings for the Company;

(VII) de minimis issuances of warrants exercisable for shares of
Common Stock approved by a majority of the whole Board of Directors (including the Series C
Directors); and

(VIII) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
Te-issuatices to employees of shares that were acquired by the Company in repurchase
transactions, which issuance is approved by a majority of the whole Board of Directors (including
the Series C Directors).

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Except as set forth in Subsection D.6(€)(vi), no
adjustment in the number of shares of Common Stack into which any series of Preferred Stock is
convertible shall be made, by adjustment to the applicable Conversion Price for such series in respect of
the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock (a) unless the consideration per share for an
Additional Share of Common Stock (determined pursuant to Subsection D.6(¢)(v)) issucd or deemed to
be issued by the Company is less than the applicable Conversion Price for such series in effect on the date
of, and immediately prior to, the issue of such Additional Share of Common Stock or (b) if prior to such
issuance or within twenty (20) days thereafter the Company receives notice that no such adjustment in the
applicable Conversion Price for such series shall be made from (I) in the case of potential adjustments to
the Series C Conversion Price, the holders of 70% in voting power of the outstanding shares of Series C
Prefzrred Stock, (II) in the case of potential adjustments to the Series B Conversion Price, the holders of a
Majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and (IID) in the case of
poteatial adjustments to the Series A Conversion Price, the holders of a majority in voting power of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock,

(ili) Issue of Securities: Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock.
(A) Options and Convertible Securities. In the event the Company at any time or

from time to time after the Original Issue Date for any series of Preferred Stock shall issue any
Options (excluding for all purposes of this Subsection D.6(e)(iii)(A) Options excluded from the
definition of Additional Shares of Common Stock in Subsection D.6(e)(i(D)\ID) or Convertible
Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities
entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maxiraum number of
shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares
of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have
been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, and the applicable Conversion Price of
such series of Preferred Stock shall be adjusted accordingly, provided that in any such case in
which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issued:

(I) no further adjustment in the applicable Conversion Price of any

such series of Preferred Stock shall be made upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or
exchange of the Convertible Securities;

10
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:43/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 12

(I} if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms provide,
with the passage of time or otherwise, for any incrcase in the considcration payable to the
Company, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon the exercise,
conversion or exchange thereof, the applicable Conversion Price of any such series of Preferred
Stock computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with
respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or
decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it
affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities;

(1) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised,
the applicable Conversion Price of any such series of Preferred Stock computed upon the original
issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent
adjustments based thereon, shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

(1) In the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were the shares of
Common Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities and the consideration received
therefor was the consideration actually received by the Company for the issue of all such
Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration actually received by the
Company upon such exercise, or for the issue of all such Convertible Securities which
were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually
received by the Company upon such conversion or exchange; and

(2) in the case of Options for Convertible Secunues only the
Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the
time of issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Company for the
Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been then issued was the
consideration actually received by the Company for the issue of all such Options, whether
or not exercised, plus the consideration deemed to have been received by the Company
(determined pursuant to Subsection 6(e)(v)) upon the issue of the Convertible Securities
with respect to which such Options were actually exercised;

(IV) no readjustment pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above shall have
the effect of increasing the applicable Conversion Price of any such series of Preferred Stock to
an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the applicable Conversion Price of any such senes of
Preferred Stock on the original adjustment date, or (ii) the applicable Conversion Price of any
such series of Preferred Stock that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of
Common Stock between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date; and

(V) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made
in the applicable Conversion Price of any such series of Preferred Stock which became effective
on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of business on such record date, and
thereafter the applicable Conversion Price of any such series of Preferred Stock shall be adjusted
pursuant to this Subsection 6(¢)(iii) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(B) Stock Dividends, Stock Distributions and Subdivisions. In the event the
Corapany at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date for any series of Preferred Stock
shall declare or pay any dividend or make any other distribution on the Common Stock payable in

1]
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2 04 13:44/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 13

Common Stock or effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or
otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common Stock), then and in any such event, Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued with respect to such series of Preferred
Stock:

(A) in the case of any such dividend or distribution, immediately
after the close of business on the record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, or

(B) in the case of any such subdivision, at the close of business on
the date immediately prior to the date upon which such corporate action becomes effective.

If such record date shall have been fixed and no part of such dividend or distribution shall have been paid
on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in the applicable Conversion Price of such
series of Preferred Stock which became effective on such record date shal] be canceled as of the close of
business on such record date, and thereafter the applicable Conversion Price of such series of Preferred
Stock shall be adjusted pursuant to this Subsection 6(e)(iii) as of the time of actual payment of such
dividend or distribution.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price n Issuance of Additional Shares of Common
Stock. If and whenever the Company shall issue or sell, or is, in accordance with Sections D.6(e)(i)
thrcugh (vi), deemed to have issued or sold, any Additional Shares of Common Stock for a consideration
per share less than the applicable Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to
the time of such issue or sale, then, forthwith upon such issue or sale, the applicable Conversion Price for
the Preferred Stock shall be reduced (unless such reduction has been waived in writing by the holders of a
majority in voling power (or, in the case of Series C Preferred Stock, by the holdcrs of 70% in voting
power) of the outstanding shares of the series of Preferred Stock to which such waiver applies) to a price
(calculated to the nearest hundredth of a cent) determined in accordance with the following formula:

(PIQ1) + (P2)(Q2)

Where:

New Conversion Price

Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of

Additional Shares of Common Stock

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding or issuable upon

exercise, conversion or exchange of outstanding Options or Convertible

Securities, as the case may be, immediately prior to such issuance of

Additional Shares of Common Stock

P2 ™ Weighted average price per shure received by the Company upon such
issue

Q2 = Number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued in the subject

transaction

NCP
P)

Not

Ql

Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any adjustment in Conversion Prices hereunder, in

the 2vent that the percentage decrease in the Series A Conversion Price or Series B Conversion Price is
grezter than the percentage decrease in the Senes C Conversion Price, then the Series A Conversion Price

12
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:44/8T. 13:38/NO. 4863796617 P 14

or the Senes B Conversion Price, as applicable, shall instead be adjusted by an amount equal to the
percentage decrease in the Series C Conversion Price.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Subsection D.6(e), the
consideration received by the Company for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be
computed as follows:

(A) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(I) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate
amounts of cash received by the Company excluding amounts paid or payable for accrued interest
or acerued dividends;

(I) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be computed at
the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors; and

(fi) inthe event Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Company for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses
(A) and (B) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share

received by the Company for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued
pursuant to Subsection 6(e)(i11)(A), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shali be
determined by dividing (x) the total amount, if any, received of receivable by the Company as
consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate
amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard
lo any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to
the Company upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities,
by (y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating
thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Secunties.

(vi) Adjustment for Dividends, Distnbutions, Subdivisions, Combinations or Consolidations

of Common Stock.

(A) Stock Dividends, Distributions or Subdivisions. In the event the

Company shall be deemed to issue Additional Shares of Common Stock pursuant to Subsection
D.6(¢)(11)(B) in a stock dividend, stock distribution or subdivision, the applicable Conversion
Price of each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately before such deemed issuance shal],
concurrently with the effectiveness of such deemed issuance, be proportionately decreased.

(B) Combinations or Consolidations. In the event the outstanding shares of
Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser

number of shares of Common Stock, the applicable Conversion Price of each series of Preferred
Stock in effect immediately prior to such combination or consolidation shall, concurrently with
the effectiveness of such combination or consolidation, be proportionately increased.

13
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2 04 13:45/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 15

(f) Adjustments for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event that at any time or
frora time to time after the Original Issue Date for any series of Preferred Stock the Company shall make

or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a
dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the Company other than shares of Common Stock
or securities the issuance of which are deemed to be issuances of Common Stock under Subsection
D.6{e)(iii), then and in each such event provision shal! be made so that the holders of Preferred Stock of
such series shall receive upon conversion thereof in addition to the number of shares of Common Stock
receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the Company that they would have received had their
PreJerred Stock been converted into Common Stock immediately prior to such event and had they
thereafter, during the period from the date of such event to and including the conversion date, retained
such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, giving application during such period
to all adjustments called for herein.

(g) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, ot Substirution. In the event that at any
tim: or from time to time after the Original Issue Date for any series of Preferred Stock, the Common
Stock issuable upon the conversion of such series of Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a
different number of shares of any class or series of stock or other securities or property, whether by
capital reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise (other than a subdivision or
combination of shares or stock dividend provided for above, or a merger, consolidation, or sale of assets
provided for below), then and in each such event the holder of any shares of such series of Preferred
Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such shares into the kind and amount of shares of stock
and other securities and property receivable upon such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or
other change by the holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such shares of such series of Preferred Stock might have been converted
immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or change, all subject to further
adjustment as provided herein.

(h) Adjustment for Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets. In the event that at any time
or from time to time after the Original Issue Date for any series of Preferred Stock the Company shall
merge or consolidate with or into another entity or sell all or substantially all of its assets, and such
consolidation, merger or sale is not treated as a liquidation, each share of such series of Preferred Stock
sha‘l thereafter be convertible into the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property
to which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company deliverable upon conversion
of such series of Preferred Stock would have been entitled to receive upon such consolidation, merger or
sale; and, in such case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors)
sha:] be made in the application of the provisions set forth in this Section 6 with respect to the rights and
interest thereafter of the holders of shares of such series of Preferred Stock, to the end that the provisions
set forth in this Section 6 (including provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the
applicable Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may he, in relation to
any shares of stock or other securities or property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of such
series of Preferred Stock.

(i) No Impairment. The Company shall not, by amendment of this Certificate of
Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of
any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company but shall at all times in good
faita assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 6 and in the taking of al] such action as
mav be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock under this
Section 6 against impairment.

14
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:45/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 16

(i) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the applicable Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section
6, the Company at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance
with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment ts
based. The Company shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish
or causc to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and
reacjustments, (ii) the applicable Conversion Price for each series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect,
and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the
time would be received upon the conversion of each share of Preferred Stock.

(k) Notices of Record Date, Inthe event of any taking by the Company of a record of
the holders of any class or series of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who are
entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, the Company shall mail to each holder of Preferred
Stock at least ten (10) days prior to such record date a notice specifying the date on which any such record
is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution.

(1) Capital Stock Reserved. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available,
free from pre-emptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares of (i) Common Stock, solely for the
purpose of effecting the conversion of Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as
shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
and (ii) Preferred Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the payment of the dividend pursuant to
Section D.2 hereof, such number of its shares of Preferred Stock as shal! from time to time be sufficient to
effect the payment of such dividend; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of
Coramon Stock or Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock or the payment of the dividend, as applicable, in addition to
such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the Company will take
such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, as applicable, to such number of shares as shall
he sufficient for such purposes, inchiding, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the
requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation.

(m) Certain Taxes. The Company shall pay any issue or transfer taxes payable in
connection with the conversion of Preferred Stock, provided, however, that the Company shall not be
required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer to a name other than that of the
holder of the Preferred Stock.

(n) Closing of Books, The Company shall at no time close its transfer books against the
transfer of any Preferred Stock or of any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the conversion
of any shares of Preferred Stock in any manner which interferes with the timely conversion or transfer of
such Preferred Stock or Common Stock.

(vo) Validity of Shares. The Company agrees that it will from time to time take all such
actions as may be required to assure that all shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon
conversion of any Preferred Stock will, upon issuance, be legally and validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof.

7, No Reissuance of Preferred Stock.

No share or shares of Preferred Stock acquired by the Company by reason of redemption,
purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.

15
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2 04 13:46/8T. 13:38/NO. 4863796617 P 17

8. Redemption of Shares of Series B and C Stock.

(a) Holders’ Right to Redeem. Upon receipt by the Company, at any time after the
sixth anniversary of the first date on which shares of Series C Preferred Stock are first issued, of written
notice (the “Election Notice”) requesting redemption of the Series B and C Stock from the holders of at
least 60% of the shares of Series B and C Stock then outstanding, the Company shali redeem all shares of
Series B and C Stock then outstanding at a price per share equal to the Series B Preferred Stock
Redemption Price (as hereinafter defined), in the case of Series B Preferred Stock, and equal to the Series
C Preferred Stock Redemption Price (as hercinafter defined), in the case of Series C Preferred Stock, such
redemption to occur no later than sixty (60) days after receipt of the Election Notice (the “Redemption

(5) Redemption Price and Payment. For the purposes of this Scction D.8(b), the
“Series B Preferred Stock Redemption Price” shall be the greater of (i) the Original Issue Price of the
Series B Preferred Stock plus, in the case of each share, all accrued but unpaid dividends, computed to the
Redemption Date, or (ii) the Fair Market Value of the Scrics B Preferred Stock computed as of the
Redemption Date, and the “Series C Preferred Stock Redemption Price” shall be the greater of (i) the
Original Issue Price of the Series C Preferred Stock plus, in the case of each share, all accrued but unpaid
dividends, computed to the Redemption Date, or (ii) the Fair Market Value of the Series C Preferred
Stock computed as of the Redemption Date, For the purposes hereof, “Fair Market Value” shall be
dete:mined in good faith by the Board of Directors with the approval of the holders of 60% of the shares
of Series B and C Stock then outstanding, voting together as a single class; provided that, if such
determination and approval cannot be obtained within fifteen (15) days following the Redemption Date
then the Fair Market Value shall be determined by an independent valuation (“Independent Valuation”
assuming the outnght sale of 100% of the outstanding securities of the Company to an atm’s-length
buyer. The Independent Valuation, if necessary, will be performed by an investment bank or appraiser of
naticnal reputation selected by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the holders of 60% of the
shares of Series B and C Stock then outstanding, voting together as a single class. The Company shall
pay the cost of the Independent Valuation. The Independent Valuation shall not contain any reductions in
the valuation of the Series B or C Stock attributable to minority interest or lack of liquidity.

(c) Redemption Mechanics. Within ten (10) days of the Company’s receipt of the
Flection Notice, written notice (the “Redemption Notice”) shall be given by the Company by mail,
postage prepaid, or by international courier to non-US. residents, to each holder of record (at the close of
business on the business day next preceding the day on which the Redemption Notice is given) of shares
of Series B and C Stock, notifying such holder of the redemption and specifying the number of shares
being redeemed, the redemption price, the date of redemption and the place where the redemption price
shall be payable. The Redemption Notice shall be addressed to each holder at the address shown by the
records of the Company. From and after the close of business on such date of redemption, unless there
shall have been a default in the payment of the redemption price, all rights of holders of shares of Series B
and © Stock (except the right to receive the redemption price) shall cease with respect to such shares so
redeemed, and such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the Company or be deemed
to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. The shares of Series B and C Stock not redeemed shall
remain outstanding and entitled to all rights and preferences provided herein, If the funds of the
Company legally available for the payment of the Series B and C Stock Redemption Price or Series C
Preferred Stock Redemption Price on any date when payment is due are insufficient to pay the full Series
B Preferred Stock Redemption Price or Series C Preferred Stock Redemption Price, the holders of shares
of Series B and C Stock who are owed payment shall share ratably in any funds legally available for

payment according to the respective amounts which would be payable to them if payment on such date
were made in full. At any time when additional funds of the Company are legally available for payment
of the Senes B Preferred Stock Redemption Price or Series C Preferred Stock Redemption Price such

16
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2 04 13:46/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 18

funds will be used to pay the balance of the Series B Preferred Stock Redemption Price or Series C
Preferred Stock Redemption Price then due, or such portion thereof for which funds are then legally
available, on the basis set forth above.

(d) Redemption Default. If the Company fails to make the full Series B Preferred
Stock Redemption Price payment or Series C Preferred Stock Redemption Price payment as provided
herein, the holders of 60% of the shares of Series B and C Stock then outstanding, voting together as a
single class, shall have the right to require the Company to undertake a Change in Control transaction,
which, if requested by such holders of Scries B and C Stock, may be effected through an auction of the
Corapany conducted in a commercially reasonable manner in consultation with the Company’s Chief
Executive Officer) in order to attain the highest price per share for holders of the Company’s capital
stock.

(e) Redeemed or Otherwise Acquired Shares To Be Retired. Any shares of Series B

or C Stock redeemed pursuant to this Section D.8 or otherwise acquired by the Company in any manner
whatsoever shall be cancelled and shall not under any circumstances be reissued; aid the Company may
from time to time take such appropriate corporate action as may be necessary lo reduce accordingly the
number of authorized shares of Series B and C Stock.

(f) Termination of Redemption Right The right of redemption under this

Section D.8 shall terminate on the closing of a Qualified Public Offering or a Change In Control.
—E. Election of Directors.

1. Directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders to hold office
until the next annual meeting. Each director shall hold office either until the expiration of the term for
which elected or appointed and until a successor has been elected and qualified, or until such director’s
deatli, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors
shal] shorten the term of any incumbent director.

2. No person entitled to vote at an election for directors may cutnulate votes to
which such petson is entitled,

3. The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide, The number of directors constituting the Board shall be initially set at seven (7) and
shall only be increased or decreased in accordance with the Bylaws and the provisions of this Certificate
of Incorporation.

4. The holders of 70% of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, voting
as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect three (3) directors of the Company, one of whom shall be
appointed by Salix Ventures II, L.P. (“Salix”), or its successor or assignee, one of whom shall be
appointed by Pacific Venture Group IL, L,P., or its successor or assignee, and one of whom shall be an
industry expert proposed by Salix and approved by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Outside
Director”). The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Company, who shall be appointed by
Draper Triangle Ventures, L.P., of its successor or assignee. The holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be entitled
to elect two (2) directors of the Company. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director (the “Common
Director”); provided, however, that the Common Director must be the chief executive officer of the
Company.

17
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2°04 13:47/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 19

At any meeting (or in a written consent in lieu thereof) held for the purpose of electing directors,
the presence in person or by proxy (or the written consent) of the holders of 70% of the shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, and the holders of a majority of the shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock (on an as
converted into Common basis), voting as a single class, or Common Stock, voting as a separate class, as
the case may be, then outstanding shall constitute a quorum of the Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate class, Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, Common Stock and Series A Preferred
Stock, voting as a single class, or Common Stock, voting as a separate class, as the case may be, for the
election of directors to be elected by such holders, tespectively. A vacancy in a directorship elected by
holders of 70% of the Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be filled only by vote or
written consent of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock. A vacancy in a directorship elected by
holders uf a majority of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be filled only by
vote or written consent of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock. A vacancy in a directorship elected
by Lolders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting as a single class, shal] be filled only by
Vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock,
votiag as a single class, A vacancy ina directorship elected by the holders of Common Stock, voting as a
separate class, shall be filled only by vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the Common
Stock voting as separate class in accordance with this Section E.4.

ARTICLE FIVE

The name and mailing address of the sole incorporator are as follows:
Carol A. Soltes
Reed Smith LLP
435 Sixth Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15219
ARTICLE SIX
The Company is to have perpetual existence.

ARTICLE SEVEN

. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors of
the Company is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal the bylaws of the Company.

ARTICLE EIGHT

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the bylaws of
the Company may provide. The books of the Company may be kept outside the State of Nelaware at such
place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the bylaws of the
Company. Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the Company so
provide,

ARTICLE NINE

To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, a

director of the Company shall not be liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for
a breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Any repeal or modification of this ARTICLE NINE shall not
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (WED) 6. 2° 04 13:47/8T. 13:38/NO. 4865796617 P 20

adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Company existing at the time of such repeal or
modification.

ARTICLE TEN

The Company shall indemmify its officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest extent
peimitted by the DGCL.

ARTICLE ELEVEN

‘The Company expressly elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL.

ARTICLE TWELVE

| The Company reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this
Ceitificate of Incorporation in the manner now or herealler prescribed herein and by the laws of the State
of Tielaware, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

1, Carol A. Soltes, being the incorporator herein before named, for the purpose of forming a
corporation pursuant to the DGCL, do make this certificate, hereby declaring and ccrtifying that this is my
act and deed and the facts herein stated are true, and accordingly have hereunto set my hand this 2™ day
of June, 2004.

s/ Carol A. Soltes
Carol A. Soltes, Sole Incorporator

19
