144)
State of Delaware
Secretary of See tons
ee Division .of .Corpo,

Delivered 04:23 PM 53 75872005 “

FILED 04:15 PM 12/28/2005
SRV 051067623 - 3632380 FILE

-8ECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED S E - 8
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AFFINERGY, INC.

Peyton Anderson hereby dertifies that:

ONE: The date of filing of tho.criginal Certificate of Incorporation of thia company with
the Secretary: af State ofthe State of Delaware was March 4, 2003, and an Amended xpd __
Resisted Certificate of Incorporation: was filed on February 12, 2004. A Certificate of
Designations was fled oa Pebruaty 16, 2004, and Certificates af Increase ware fited'on sach of
August 3, 2004 and October 25, 2004.

TWO: _ He is the duly elected and: acting Prosident and Chief Executive Officer of
Affinergy, Inc., a Delaware.corporation. .

THREES: The. cxisting. Amended and Restated CextiBcate of Inccrporation, including the
previously-fled: Certificate of Designations and Certificates of Increase; is hereby. amended and
yestated to read in:its entirety as ipllows:

The namie of the Corporation is Aifinergy, Inc, (ihe “Corporation”).
wh.
1. The Corporation is authorized to issue. twenty-five million: (25 ,900,000), shares of

‘Class. A Common Stock, §0.0001 pat’ value (the. “Common Stock’), and fifteen: ‘million.
(15,000,000): shares of Preferred ‘Stock, $0: 0001 Par value (the: “Preferred: Stock"):

2. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in ane or more -eeries. “The
Board of Directors of the Carporation is-anthorized: from time to-time to designate by resolution.
one or more series of Preferred: Stack, and che powers, preferences and ‘rights, and rolative

thereof as. ehail be. permitted vy Delaware law. and this: Certificaic | ‘and, “ gabject : t0:. “any
requiremesits of itis’ Certificate, .to Ax or alter the: number! of sheres. cormprisiig any. such ‘series
and the designation thereof. Except as otherwise required by Delaware law, the Common Stock
shall have one vote per share, and the Preferred: Stock shall:have such voting rights as designated
in the series resolution.

All Section references in this. Artiole [II shall refer to other Sections in this Article IIL
1, Desiynation of Series. There is hereby designated a class. of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (the ‘Series A Preferred Stock’) consisting of three million nine hundred
ninety thousand four hundred eleven (3,990,411) of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock, and
a class of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred Stock’) consisting of
five million (5,000,000) of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred
Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock are sonietimes referred to collectively us the “Series
Preferred Stack.”

2, Dividends. The holders of the Series Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
in any fiscal year of the Corporation, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of
any asscts at the time legally available therefor, dividends payable in cash in an amount per share
of Sencs Preferred Stock for such fiscal year at least equal to the product of (y) the per share
anount, if any, of the cash. dividend declared, paid or set asidé for the Common Stock in such
fiscal year, multiplied by (z) the number uf shares of Commen Stock into which each such share
of Series Preferred Stock is convertible immediately after ths close of business on the record date
tized for such dividend. The holders of the Series-B Preferred Stock shall be cutitled to receive
m any fiscal year of the Corporation, when, asand if declared by the Board of Directors, out of
any assets at the time legally available therefore, dividends payable in cash in. an. amount per
share of Series B Preferred Stock for such fiscal year at least equal to the product of (y) the per
share amount (determined on an as-convertet to Common Stock basis), if any, of the cash
dividend declared, paid or set aside for the Series A Preferred Stock in such fiscal year,
multiplied by (z) the number of shares of Common Stock into-which each such’share of Series B
Preferred Stock-is convertible immediatey after the close of business on-the record date fixed for
such dividerid. The right to such dividends on shares of Series Preferred Stock shall not be
cumulative, and no right shall: accrue to holders of shares of Series Preferred Stock by reason of
the faci that dividends on such shares were not declared in any prior year, nor shall any
undeclared or unpaid dividends bear or accrue interest.

3. Liquidation Preference.

(a) Series B Preferred Siock Rivhts on Liquidation. Upon the happening of a
Liquidation Event, before any payment shall be made or any assets distributed to the holders of
Cummon Stock or any other class or series of stock which ranks, with respect to the right to
receive payments upon liquidation, junior to the Series B Preferred Stock the holders of record of
shares of Scries B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to reecive, out-of the assets of the Corporation
legally available therefor, an amount per share equal to the Serics. B-Original Issue Price per
share (as appropriately adjusted for stock dividends, combinations. and splits with respect to such
shares) plus ai] declared but unpaid dividends on such share. If upon the happening of 2
Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation avuilable for distribution: to its stockholders shall
be insufficient to pay to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stovk their full liquidation
preference, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation leyally available for distribution to
its Sharcholders shall be distributed ratably among lhe holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in
proportion to the number of shares held by each.

Ne
(b) eries A Preferred Stock Rights on Liquidation. Upon the happening of a
Liquidation Event, after the satisfaction of the liquidation preference of the holders of the Scrics
B Preferred Stock provided for above and before any payment shall be made or any assets
distibuted to the holders of Common Stock or any other class or series of stock. which ranks,
with respect to the right to receive puyments upon liquidation, junior to the Series A Preferred
Stock the holders of record of shares.of Series A Preferred Stovk shall be entitled to receive, out
of the assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, an amount per share equal to the Series
A Onginal Issue Price per share (as appropriately adjusted for stock dividends, combinations and
splits with respect to such shares) plus all declared but unpaid dividends on such’share. If upon
(the happening of a Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to
us stockholders after satisfaction of the liquidation preference of the holders of the Serics B
Preferred Stock provided for above, shall be insufficicnt to pay to the holders of the Series A
Preferred! Stock their full liquidation preference, then the cntire remaining assets and funds of the
Corporation legully available for distribution to its shareholders shall.be distributed ratably
among the holders of the Senes A Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of shares held by

each,

(c) Distribution of Remaining Assets. Upon the happening of a Liquidation
Avent, immediately after the holders of the Series Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full
their respective Hquidation preferences, the entire remaining assets and ‘funds of the Corporation
iegally available for distribution, if any, shal] be distributed ‘ratably among. the holders of the
Common Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each.

(d) Definitions.

Q) The “Series A Original Issue Price” shal! mean fifty-five cents
($0.55).

{ii) The “Series B Original Issae Price” shall mean one dollar
($1.00).

{iit} A “Liquidation Event” shall include, in addition to the
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, (y) the sale of ail or substantially all of
the Corporation’s assets. and (z) the merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or inio
another corporation or entity in which the outstanding shares of the Corporation are exchanged
for securities or other consideration issued, or caused fo be issued, by the acquiring corporation
or its subsidiary (other than a mere reincorporation transaction) unless, in either case, the
Corporation’s stockholders of record immediately prior to such sale or acquisition will,
unimediately after such sale or acquisition (by virtue of securities issued as consideration for the
Corporaiion’s acquisition or sale or otherwise) hold at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting
power of the surviving or acquiring entity.
4, Voting Rights.

(a) Generally. Except as utherwise required by applicable law or as set forth
herein, the shares of Scrics Preferred Stock shall be voted equally with the shares of Common
Stock (voling together with the shares of Common Stock as a single class} at any annual or
special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or may act by written consent in the same
manner as the Common Stock, upon the following basis: each holder of one or more shares of
Series Preterred Stock shail be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with
his Certificate and the bylaws of the Corporation and to such number of votes for the shares of
Series Preferred Stock held by such hoider on the record date fixed for such meeting, or on the
effective date of such written consent, as shall be equal to the number of whole shares of
Common Stock into which all of such holder’s shares of Series Preferred Stock are convertible
unmediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or the effective
date of such written consent.

(b) Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of not less than
five (4) and not more than scven (7) members; this range shall not be changed without the
affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The
holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a single class at cach meeting or pursuant fo each
consent of the Corporation's stockholders for the election of directors, shall be entitled to elect
and mainiain on the Board of Directors one (1) member, and the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect and maintain on the Board of Directors onc (1) member.
The holders of Corninon Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect three (3) of
the remaining members at cach meeting or pursuant to cach consent of the Corporation’s
stockholders for the election of directors. In the event the Board elects to increase the size of the
Board from five (5) members to six (6) or seven (7) members. such vacancies shall be filled by
the holders of the Common Stock and the Series Preterred Stock voting together as a single class.
Any director who shall have been eleeted by the holders of a class may be removed during such
director’s term of office, whether with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of such class.

(c) Restrictions and Limitations,

) In addition to any other rights provided by law, the Corporation,
without obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of at least a majority of
the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, each class voling or consenting together as a
separate class, shall not effect any voJuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, effect any sale, lease, assignment, transfer, or other conveyance of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, effect any consolidation, merger, share
exchange or other combination involving the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, or effect any
reclassification or other change of any stock, or any recapitalization of the Corporation which
would have the effect of any of the foregoing.
Gi) In addirion to any other rights provided by law, the Corporation,
without obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the halders of at least two-thirds of
ithe outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock voting or consenting as a separate class, shall
not (1) take any action, including any change to this Certificate or the Corporatian’s bylaws, that
may adversely alter or change the designations, powers, rights, preferences or privileges, or the
quitifications, limitations or restrictions of the Serics B Preferred Stock or increase or decrease
the authorized amount of any class or series of the Corporation’s capital stock, or (ii) change the
range of the Board of Directors from the range of five (5) to seven (7?) members establisaed in
Section 4(b).

(iii) In addition to any other rights provided by law, the Corporation,
without obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of at least a majority of
the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock voting or consenting as a Separate class, shall
not take any action, including any change to this Certificate or the Corporation’s bylaws, that
inay adversely alter or change the designations, powers, rights, preferences or privileges, or the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the Serics A Preferred Stock or increase or decrease
the authorized amount of Series A Preferred Stock.

5. Termination of Rights. The powers, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
granted to and imposed on the Series Preferred Stock as provided in this Certificate shall
terminate on the earlier of (i) such time as the Corporation effects a “Qualified Public Offering”
which shal] mean the closing of the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock in a firm
caimmitment, underwritten public offering registered on Form S-1-under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. at a public offering price (prior to underwriters’ discounts and expenses}
equal to or exceeding five dollars ($5.09) per share of Common Stuck (as appropriately adjusted
for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) in which the
apyregate gross proceeds to the Corporation equal or exceed twenty million dollars
($26,000,000). In addition, the powers, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions imposed on
the Series A Preferred Stock shall tenninate at such time as no more than nine hundred ninery-
seven thousand six hundred three (997,703) shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain
outsianding, and the powers, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions imposed on the Series
13 Preferred Stock shall terminate at such time as no more than twenty-tive percent (25%) of the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued on or before January 31, 2006 remain outstanding, in
each case subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with
respect to such shares.

SA. Pre-emptive Rights. The holders of the Series Preferred Stock shall have suct
pre-emptive rights as are set forth in Section 10 of that certain Amended and Restated Investors’
Rights Agreement entered into by and among the Corporation and the holders of the Series
Preferred Stock and dated as of the Onginal Issue Date (as defined below), as such agreement
raay be amended from time to time in accordance with its terms.

6. Conversion. The holders of the Series Preferred Stock shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

in
(a) Optional Conversion. Each share of Series Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share:
at the office of the Corporation or atty transfer agent for such stock, as follows:

@) Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be converted into the
number of fuily-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the Series B Conversion Price per shure in effect for the Serics B Preferred Stock at.the tine of
conversion into the Series B Conversion Value per share for the Series B Preferred Stock. The
number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of the Scries B Preferred Stock is
convertible is hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Series B Conversion Rate.” The initial

“Series B Conversion Price” per each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be such share’s
Series B Original Issue Price, subject to adjustment as set forth im Section 6(d), below. The
“Serfes B Conversion Walue” per share of Series B Preferred Stock: shall be the Series B
Original Issue Price. Any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Series B Preferred
Stock may be converted itito the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the amount of the
declared but unpaid dividends divided by the Series B Conversion Price per share of the Series B
Preferred Stock.

(ii) | Each shure of Series A Preferred Stock shall be converted into the number
of fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series
A Conversion Price per share in effect for the Scrics A Preferred Stock at the time of conversion
into the Series A Conversion Value per share for the Series A Preferred Stock. The number cf
shares of Common Stock into which each share of the Series.A Preferred Stock is convertible is
hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Series A Couversion: Rate.” The initial “Series A
Conversion Price” per cach share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be such sharc’s Series A
Original Issue Price, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 6d), below, the tena
“Conversion Price” shall refer to both the.Series B Conversion Price and the Series A
Conversion Price, as applicable. The “Series A Conversion Value” per share ot Series A
Preferred Stock shall be the Series A Original Issue Price. Any declared but unpaid dividends on
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted into the number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the amount of the declared but unpaid dividends divided by the Series A
(onversicn Price per share of the Series A Preferred Stock.

(b) Avtomatic Conversion. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shail
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at its then-effective Series B
Convers:on Rate, immediately upon the closing of a Qualified Public Offering, or upon the
affirmative vote or consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Series B. Preferred Stock
then outstanding. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock. at its then-cffective Series A Conversion Rate, immediately upon the
closing of a Qualified Public Offering. or upon the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of a
majority of the shares of Scries A Preferred Steck then outstanding.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series Preferred Stock

shall be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such nolder shal) surrender
the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any

6
transfer agent for such stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that
such holder elects to convert the same and (subject to compliance with applicable federal and
state securities laws) shall state therein the name or names in which such holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation shall, as
soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Series Preferred
Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shail be. entitled. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior
to the close of business on the date of surrender of the certificate representing the shares of Series
Preferred Siock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stoc< issuable upon such conversion shall he treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date. [f the conversion is in
connection with an underwritten offering of securities pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendermg. shares of Series Preferred
Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the: closing with-the underwriters of the sale of
securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common
Stock upon conversion of the Series Preferred Stock shall noi be deemed to have converted such
Series Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

Notwithstanding that any certificate for Series Preferred Stock to be converted in a mandatory
conversion shall not have been surrendered us of the date fixed for conversion, each holder of
Series Preferred Stock shall thereafter be treated for all purposes as the record holder of the
number of shares of Common Sicck issuable to such bolder upon conversion.

(d) Conversion Price Acjustnents of Series Preferred Stock, ‘The Conversion
Price of cach series of the Series Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment irom lime to time
as set forth below.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 6(d), the
following definitions apply:

(1) “Additional Shares. of Common Stock” shall mean ail
shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to subsection (iv), below, deemed to be issued) by
the Corporation after the Origina] Issue Date, other than shares of Comimon Stock issued or
issuable:

(A) — upon conversion of shares of Series Preferred Stock;

(B) to officers, directors or employees of, or consultants
of advisers to, the Corporation pursuant to stock option or stock purchase plans or agreements or
other stock incentive plans or arrangements on terms approved by the Board of Directors;

(C) asa dividend or distribution to all holders of Senes
Preferred Stock or as a dividend or distribution to all holders of Common Stock and Series
Preferred Stock authorized herein;
(D) for which adjustment of the applicable Conversion
Price is made pursuant to Section 6(¢), below:

(E) pursuant to the exercise of Options (as defined
below) granted on or prior to the Original Issue Date;

(F) pursuant to the acquisition of another business
entity or business segment of any such cntity by the Company by merger, purchase of
substuntially all of the units or other reorganization whereby the Company or its stockholders
will own fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of such business entity; or business segment of
such entity; or

(G) in connection with commercial lending or equipment
leasiny arrangements in the ordinary course of business.

(2) “Convertible Securities’ shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock and Scrics Preferred Stock) or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(3) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which the
first share of Series B Preferred Stock is issued.

(4) “Options” shall mean rights, options, or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Converzible Securities.

(it) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, no adjustment in the applicable Conversion Price for any share of Series
Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock
unless the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Scction 6(di(v) hereof) for an
Additional Share of Common Stock issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than
the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Series Preferred Stock in effect on the date of.
and immediately prior to, such issue.

(iii)
Cuimmun Stock. In the event-the Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock
without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price
in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, such
Conversion Price shall be reduced concurrently with such issue to a price (calculated to the
nearest tenth of one cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the
numerator Of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immiediately
prior to such issue plus the number of sharcs of Common Stock which the ugyreyate
consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common
Stock so issued would purchase at such Conversion Price; and the denominator of which shall be
the number of shares of Common. Stock vulsianding immediately prior to such issue plus the
number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued. For the purpose of the above

8
calculation, the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior lo such issue
shall be calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all then outstanding shares of Series Preferred
Stock and all Convertible Securities had been fully converted into shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to such issuance and any oulstanding warrants, yptions uo: other rights for the
purchase of shares of stock or convertible securities had been fully exercised immediately prior
lo such issuance (and the resulting securities fully converted into shares of Common Stock, if so
convertible) as of such date, but not including in such calculation any additional shares of
Common Stock issuable with respect to shares of Series Preferred Stock, Convertible Securitics,
Options, or other outstanding options, warrants or other rights for the purchase of shares of stock
or convertible sceuritics, solely as a result of the adjustment of the respective conversion prices
(or other conversion ratios) resulting from the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock
vausing such adjustment.

(iv) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue any Options
or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
sceurilies then entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum
number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions
contained therein designed to protect against dilution) of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefore, the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities and Options therefore, the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common
Stuck (unless specifically excluded pursuant to the terms of Sections 6(d)(1)(A){G), inclusive)
issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the
close of business on such record date, provided that in any such case in which Additional Shares
of Common Stock are deemed to be issucd:

(1) no further adjustments in the applicable Conversion Price of the
Series Preferred Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or
shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such
Canvertibie Securities:

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms provide,
with the passaue of time or otherwise, for any increase or decrease in the consideration payable to
the Corporation, or increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable,
upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the applicable Conversion Price of the Series
Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue thereof (or upyn the occurrence of a record
date with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thercon, shall, upon any such
increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease
insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible
Securities (provided, however, that no such adjustment of the applicable Conversion Price shall
aftect Common Stock previously issued upon conversion of the Senes Preferred Stock);

(3) upon the expiration or termination of any such Options or any
nghts of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been
exercised, the applicable Conversion Price of the Series Preferred Stock computed upon the
original issue thercof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

(A) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were the shares of Cammon
Stock, if any, actnally issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefore was the consideration
actually received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised,
plus the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise, or for the issue of
all such Convertible Securities which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional
consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange;
and

{B) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, only the
Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of
issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional
Shares of Common Stock deemed io have been then issued was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation far the issue-of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the
consideration deemed to have been received by the Corporation (determined pursuant to Section
6(d)(v}) upon the issue af the Convertible Securities with respect to which such Options were
actually exercised;

(4) no rcadjustment pursuant to clause (2) or (3) above: shal] have the
effect of increasing the applicable Conversion Price of the Series Preferred Stock to an amount
which exceeds the lower of (a) the applicable Conversion Price on the original adjustment date,
or {b) the applicable Conversion Prive that would have resulted (rom: any issuances of Additional
Shares of Common Stock which take place between the original adjustment date and such
readjustment date;

{3} in the case of any Options which expire by thar terms not more
than thirty (30) days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustment of the applicable Conversion
Price of a series of Series Preferred Stock shall be made until the expiration or exercise of all
such Options, whereupon such adjustment shall be made in the same manner provided in clause
(3) above; and

(6) if any such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefore, the adjustment previously made
in the applicable Conversion Price of a series of the Series. Preferred Stock which became
effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of business on such record date and
shall instead be made on the actual date of issuance, if any.

{vy} Determination of Consideration. For surposes of this Section G{d), the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common
Stock shall be computed as follows:

10
(1) Cash and property. Such consideration shall:

(A) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggrevate amount
of cash received by the Corporation excluding amounts paid or payable for accrued interest or
accrued dividends;

{B) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be computed at
the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in goad faith by the
Corporation’s Board of Directors; and

(C) in the evemt Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses {A) and (B) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share received
by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued
pursuant to Section 6(d\iv), relating to Options and Convertible Securities shall be determined
by dividing:

(A) — the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Corporation
as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration (as sct forth in the instruments relating thereto,
without regard ta any provision contained therein designed to protect against dilutior:) payable to.
the Corporation upon the exercise of such Opiions or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, by

(B) the maximuny number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in
the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein designed to
protect against dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities.

(e) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Stock Divi for
Combinations or Subdivisions of Corman Stock. In the event that the Corporation at any time
or trom time to time after the Original Issuc Date shall declare.or pay, without consideration, any
dividend on the Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common
Stock for no consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock. split, reclassification or
otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common
Stock), or in the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or
consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into’a lesser number of shares of Conumon Stock,
then the applicable Conversion Price for a series of Series PreJerred Stock in effect immediately

hi
prior to such event shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, be pruportionately
decreused or increased, as appropriate, In the event that this Corporation shall declare or pay.
without consideration, any dividend on the Common Stock payable in any right to acquire
Common Stock for no consideration, then the Corporation shall be deenied to have made a
dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of shares equal to the maximum number of
shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire Common Stock.

(fh Adjustments for Reclassification und Reorganization. 1f the Common

Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a
different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section 6(d) above or a merger or other reorganization treated as a Liquidation
Event under Section 3 above), the applicable Conversion Price of a series of the Scries Preferred
Stock then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or
reclassification, be proportionately adjusted so that each share of Series Preferred Stock shall be
converuble into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock, or other securities or
property, which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of
such other class or classcs of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock that
would have been subject to receipt hy the holders upon conversion of such share of Series
Preferred Stock immediately before that change.

(z) No_ Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of this
Certificate or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seck to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to bc observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 6 and
in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
Conversion Rights of the holders of the Series Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h) Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price of any series of the Series Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 6, the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of the
Series Preferred Stock to which such adjustmeni relates a certificate executed by the
Corporation's President or Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer setting forth such
udjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such edjustment or
readjustment is based.

(i) Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes
that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on conversion
of Series Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be
obligatcd to pay (1) any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested by any holder in
connection with any such conversion or (2) any taxes upon the gross receipts or income of the
holder thereof.
G) Reservation of Common Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The

Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series
Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
suificicnt to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares af the Series Preferred Stock; and if at
any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient
lo effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purpose, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the
requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Certificate.

(k) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall -be issued
upon the conversion of any share or shares of Serics Preferred Stock. All shares of Common
Siock (including fractions thereof} issuable upon conversion of morc than one share of Senes
Preferred Stock by a holder thereof shall be agyreyated for purposes of determining whether the
conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, afler the aforementioned
agegregalion, the conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common
Stock, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise
entitled to such fraction a.sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date
of conversion (as detcrmined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 6 to be
given to the holders of shares of Series Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the
United States mail, postage propaid, or if sent by facsimile or delivered personally by hand or
nauonally recognized cuurier and addressed to each holder of record at such holder's address or
facsimile number appearing in the records of the Corporation.

7. No_Reissuance uf Series Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Scries
Preferred Stock acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or
otherwise shall be reissued as Series Preferred Stock,-and all such shares of such series shall be
canceled and retired and returned to shares of undesignated Preferred Stock which the
Corporation shall be authorized to issue subject to the terms herein.

Iv.
The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209
Orange Street. City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name of the initial registered
agent is The Corporation Trust Company.

V.

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any Jawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
Vi.

‘The business of the Corporation shall be managed by its Board of Diroctors; the election
of the members of the Board -need not be by written ballot.

VIL.

The Board of Directors is authorized to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation
except as and to the extent provided in such Bylaws.

Vil.

To the fullest extent permitted under current law or future amendments to the law, no
director of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach
of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions
not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii)
under Section 174 of the Delawase General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from
which the director derived an improper personal benefit. As used herein, the term “improper
persona! bencfit” docs not include a director’s reasonable compensation or other reasonable
incidental benetit for or on account of his or her service as divecior, officer, employee,
independent contractor, attorney, or consultant of the Corporation. Any repeal or niodification of
this section shall be. prospective and. shali not affect the rights. under this section in effect at the
time of the alleged occurrence of any act or omission to act giving rise to liability or
indemnification.

[X.

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this Corporation and its
creditors or any class of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or any class
of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware. may, on the application
in a summary way of this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the
application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under Section 291 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any
receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under Section 279 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders
ur class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner
as the said court directs. If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders holding three-
fourths of the applicable shares, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and
io any reorganization of this Corporation as consequence of such compromise or arrangement,
the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court
to which the said application has been made, be binding on al] the creditors or class of creditors,
and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may be,
and also on this Corporation.

14
FOUR: This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

FIVE: This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was approved by
the holders of the requisite number of shares of the Corporation in accordance with Section 228
of the Delaware Genera} Corporate Law. This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation has been duly adopted by the s:ockholders of the Corporation in accordance with
the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the Delaware Gencral Corporate Law.

{Signature on next page.]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, AFFINERGY, INC. has caused this Second Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its President and Chief Executive Officer
this 27th __ day of December, 2005.

AFFINERGY., INC.

on Anderson, President and CEO

O7 784404 ancnded and restated cert of incorporation-Serics U-ddv-J33 marked
