State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 01:26 PM 04/28/2006
FILED 01:26 PM 04/28/2006
SRV 060397475 - 3555399 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

AFFINITY ENGINES, INC.

The undersigned, Steve Loughlin and Peter Cohn, hereby certify that:

l. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Affinity Engines, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware on August 5, 2002. .

3. The Certificale of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated
to read in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
“The name of this corporation is Affinity Engines, Inc. (the “(Corporation”).
ARTICLE II

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19808. The name of its
registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE Ul

The purpose of the Corporation is lo engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Taw. * |

_ ARTICLE IV

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is Sixty Six Million Three Hundred Twenty Nine
Thousand One Hundred Twenty Four (66,329,124) shares, each with a par value of $0.0001 per
share. Forty Four Million (44,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock and Twenty Two Million
Three Hundred Twenty Nine Thousand One Hundred Twenty Four (22,329,124) shares shall be
Preferred Stock. ,

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock

authorized by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Restated
Certificate”) may be issued trom time to time in one or morc series. The first series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Seven Million Onc

US_WEST:260004608.4
13237-1
Hundred Sixty Seven Thousand Two Hundred Fighty (7,167,280) shares. Ihe second scries of
Preferred Stock shall be designated “Serics B Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Six Million
Fight Hundred Sixty One Thousand Eight Hundred Forty Four (6,861,844) shares, The third
series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series C Preferred Stock” and shall consist of
Eight Million Three Hundred Thousand (8,300,000) shares. The rights, preferences, privileges,
and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series C Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article I'V(B). Except where
otherwise indicated, references hereafter to “Preferred Stock” shall mean Series A Preferred ;
Series B Preferred Stock and Scries C Preferred Stock.

1. Dividend Provisions.

(a) Series C Preference. The holders of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and
in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common
Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to Teccive,
directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock) on the Series B Preferred Stock,
Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock, at the rate of $0.04 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like) per annum on each outstanding share of
Series C Preferred Stock (the “First Dividend Preference”), payable quarterly when, as and if
declared by the Board of Dircctors of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”), Such
dividends shall not be cumulative.

(b) Series B Preference. Following the payment of the First Dividend
Preference in accordance with Section I(a) above, the holders of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and
in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common
Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive,
directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock) on the Series A Preferred Stock or
Common Stock, at the rate of $0.024 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassification and the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Scrics B Preferred Stock
(the “Second Dividend Preference”), payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors. Such dividends shall not bc cumulative.

(c) Series A Preference. Following the payment of the First
Dividend Preference and the Sccond Dividend Preference in accordance with Sections I{a) and
1(b) above, respectively, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any
declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities
and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly,
additional shares of Common Stock) on the Common Stock, at the rate of $0.008 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stack dividends, reclassification and the like) per annum on cach
outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Third Dividend Preference’’), payable
quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such dividends shall not be
cumulative.

-2.
US_WEST:260004608.4
13237-1
(d) Remaining Dividends. Following the payment of the First
Dividend Preference, the Second Dividend Preference and the Third Dividend Preference in
accordance with Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 1(c), respectively, any additional dividends shall be
distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming conversion of all such
Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

In the event of any Liquidation Event (as defined below), the assets of the
Corporation shall be distributed as follows:

(a) Series C Preference. The holders of Scries C Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Scrics B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Common
Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to $0.50 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) for each share of Series C
Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends (the “First Liquidation
Preference”). If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among
the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the entire payment of
the First Liquidation Preference, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally
available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive,

(b) Series B Preference. Following the payment of the First
Liquidation Preference to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock in accordance with Section 2(a)
above, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled tu receive, prior and in preference
to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corpuration to the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock and Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to
$0.30 per share (as adjusted fur stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) for
each share of Series B Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends
(the “Second Liquidation Preference”). If, upon the occurrence of such event, the asscts and
funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to
permit the entire payment of the Second Liquidation Preference, then, the entire assets and funds
of the Corporation legally available for distribution after the distribution set forth in Sections 2(a)
above shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in
proportion to the preferential amount cach such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(c) Series A Preference. Following the payment of the First
Liquidation Preference and the Second Liquidation Preference in accordance with Section 2(a)
and Section 2(b) above, respectively, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stack shall be entitled
to reccive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the remaining assets of the ,
Corporation, if any, to the holders uf Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an
amount per share equal to $0.10 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, _
reclassifications or the like) for cach share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them, plus
declared but unpaid dividends (the “Third Liquidation Preterence’). If, upon the occurrence of
such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred

-3-
US_WEST:260004608.4
13237-1
Stock shall be insufficient to permit the entire payment of the Third Liquidation Preference, then,
the entire remaining assets and funds of the Corporation, if any, legally available for distribution
after the distribution set forth in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above shall be distributed ratably among
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such
holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(d) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distributions
required by Sections 2(a), 2(b) and 2(c) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation, if any,
available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributed ratably among the holders of
Common Stock.

(e) Certain Acquisitions.

() Liquidation Event, For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall bc deemed to occur upon (A) the
sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of this Corporation’s assets, (B) the
grant of an exclusive, irrevocable, world-wide license of all or substantially all of the Company’s
intellectual property to a third party (C) the consummation of the merger or consolidation of this
Corporation with or into another entity (except a merger or consolidation in which the holders of
capital stock of this Corporation immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to
hold at least 50% of the voting power of the capital stack of this Corporation or the surviving or
acquiring entity), (D) the closing of the transfer (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwisc),
in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons
(other than an underwriter of this Corporation’s securities), of this Corporation’s securities if,
after such closing such person or group of affiliated persons would hold 50% or more of the
outstanding voting stock of this Corporation (or the surviving or acquiring entity), or (E) a
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of this Corporation (any such transaction, unless elected
otherwise, a “Liquidation Event”); provided however. that neither a transaction whose sole
purposc is to change the state of this Curporation’s incorporation nor an equity financing
transaction or scries of related transactions in which the Corporation is the surviving corporation
shall constitute a Liquidation Event, The treatment of any particular transaction or series of
related transactions as a Liquidation Event may be waived by the vote or written consent of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class and not
as Separate series, and on an as-converted basis).

(ii) | Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a Liquidation
Event as described in Section 2(e)(i) above, if the consideration reccived by the Corporation is
other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as
follows:

(A) — Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability: ;

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be bascd on a formula approved by the Board
of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq
over a specified time period;

-4_
US_WES1:260004608.4
13237-1
(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the valuc
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid
or sales prices (whichever is applicable) of such securities over a specitied time period; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market valuc thereof, as determined in good taith by the Board of Directors,

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(e)(ii)(A)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(ii) Notice of Liquidation Event. The Corporation shall give

each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation Event not
later than 10 days prior to the stockholders’ meeting called to approve such Liquidation Event, or
10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Event, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify
such holders in writing of the final approval of such Liquidation Event. The first of such notices
shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation Event and the
provisions of this Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice
of any material changes. Unless such notice requirements are waived, the Liquidation Event
Shall in no event take place sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice
provided for herein or sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given notice of any material
changes provided for herein. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Restated Certificate,
all notice periods or requirements in this Restated Certificate may be shortened or waived, either
before or after the action for which notice is required, upon (he written consent of the holders of
a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock that are entitled to
such notice rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(e) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing
of the Liquidation Event to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Event, in which event the rights, preferences,
Privileges and restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as
such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the
first notice referred to in Section 2(e)(iii).

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4, Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion

— ES

tights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”): _
(a) Right to Convert, Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Preferred _
Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thercof, at any time aficr the date of
issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into
such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by (4)

-5-
US_WEST:260004608.4
:3237-4
dividing $0.10 in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) $0.30 in the case of the Series B
Preferred Stock and (iii) $0.50 in the case of the Series C Preferred Stock, by the Conversion
Price applicable to such share, determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the
certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial Conversion Price per share shall be $0.10
for sharcs of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.30 for shares of Series B Preferred Stock and $0.50 for
shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Such initial Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
as set forth in Section 4(d) below.

(b} Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in
effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as provided below in Section
4(c), the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public
offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act’), the public offering price of which is not less than $3.00 per share (as adjusted

for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like) and which results in aggregate cash
proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $10,000,000 (net of underwriting discounts and
commissions) (a “Qualified Public Offering”) or (ii) the date specified by written consent or
agreement of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting

together as a single class on an as-convertcd basis).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to convert such Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, the holder shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or
of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state
thercin the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are
to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such
office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall
be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have becn made immediately prior
to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of such series of Preferred
Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of
such shares of public Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act the conversion
may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned
upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in
which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of such Preferred
Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preterred Stock until immediately prior to the
closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of each serics of Preferred

Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price. If
the Corporation should issuc, at any time after the date upon which any shares of Series A

-6-
US_WEST:260004608.4
13237-1
Preferred Stock, Scries B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock were first issued (the
“Purchase Date” with respect to such series), any Additional Stock (as defined below) without
consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Conversion Price for such series in
effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Conversion Price for such
scries in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically be adjusted as set
forth in this Section 4(d)(i), unless otherwise provided in this Section 4(d)(i).

(A) Adjustment Formula, Whencver the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(), the new Conversion Price shall be determined
by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the
“Qutstanding Common’) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would purchase at such Conversion
Price; and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common
plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation,
the term “Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant
to Section 4(d)(i)(E) below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For purposes
of this Section 4(d)(i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issucd (or
deemed tu have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase
Date) other than:

(1) Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(i1) hereof;

(2) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to employees, consultants, officers or directors of the Corporation directly or pursuant to stock
option plans or restricted stock plans or agreements approved by the Board of Direvtors;

(3) Capital stock, or options or warrants to
purchase capital stock issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions, or similar
transactions;

(4) Securities issuable upon exercise of
currently outstanding warrants, notes, or other rights to acquire securities of the Corporation;

(5) Capital stock, or warrants or options to
purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisilions, mergers or similar
transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors;

(6) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock;

(7) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable |
in a public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
will be converted to Common Stock;

-7-
US_WEST:260004 608.4
13237-1
(8) Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity
as a componcnt of any business relationship with such entity primarily for the purposc of
(A) joint venture, technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply or
manufacture of the Corporation’s products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving
corporate partners that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which
business relationship with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors; and ,

(9) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
with the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
voting together as a class.

(C) No Fractional Adjustments, No adjustment of the

Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share
provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall
be carried forward and shall be either taken intv account in any subsequent adjustment made
prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward,
or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment
being carried forward.

?

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of
the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or othcr expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case
of the issuance (whether before, on or after the applicable Purchase Date) of securities or rights
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof tu reccive directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”), the following provisions shall apply for
all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):

(1} The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or
such Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration,
if any, reccived by the Corporation for any such securitics and related Common Stock .
Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interes! ur accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise
of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Section 4(d)(i)(D).

2.
US_WEST:260004608.4
337-10 |
(2) {n the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents, other than a change
resulting from the antidilution provisions thercof, the Conversion Price of the applicable scries of
Preferred Stuck, to the cxtent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock
Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made
for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of the applicable series of Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by
or computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance
of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangcable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents,

(4) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)(1) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
cither Section 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)()(E)(3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(ji), except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(d)(i)(E)(2) and 4(d)(i)(E)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
4(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation

should at any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the detexmination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon Conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Conversion Price of each of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Scries C Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of sharcs of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in
proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those
issuable with respcct to such Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares issuable
with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner provided
for deemed issuances in Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iti) Reverse Stock Splits. If thc number of shares uf Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the

-9.
US_WEST:260004608.4
13237-1
Conversion Price for cach of the Series A Preferred Stuck, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C
Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in ouistanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(c), the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall be cntitled
to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the holders of the number
of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are
convertible as of the record date fixcd for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of
the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or
sale of asscts transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall
be madc so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property
of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have heen entitled on such recapitalization. In any such casc, appropriate
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the
rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after
that event and be as nearly cquivalent as practicable.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
Certificate of Incorporation (except in accordance with Section 6 hereof and applicable law) or
through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger,
dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the
Corporation, bul will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of
this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments,

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of the Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock to be
issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. The number of shares issuable upon
such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock
the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion. If the conversion would result in any fractional
share, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any such fractional share, pay the holder thereof an

-10-
US_WEST:260004608.4
13237-1
amount in cash equal to the fair market value of such fractional share on the date of conversion,
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(it) Upon the occurrence of cach adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Serics C Preferred
Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such
adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each
holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish
or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and
readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect,
and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which
at the time would be received upon the conversion of a share of such series of Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
to each holder of Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice
specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

(j) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conyersion. The

Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the
Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time
the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect
the conversion of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other
remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take
such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite
stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Restated Certificate.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation.

S. Voting Rights.

. (a) General. Except as expressly provided by this Restated Certificate
or as provided by law, the holders of Preferred Stock shall have the same voting rights as the
holders-of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ mecting in

-IL-
US_WEST:260004608.4
$3237-1
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock and Preferred
Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters. Each holder of Common Stock shall be
entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held, and each holder of Preferred Stock
shall be-entitled to the number of votes cqual to the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such shares of Preferred Stock could be converted. Fractional votes shall not, however, be
permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating
all sharcs into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be
rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

(b) Election of Directors.

(i) For so long as at least 1,000,000 shares of Series C
Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, (i) the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, voting
together as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect onc (1) member of the Corporation’s Board
of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to any consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the
election of directors and (ii) the holders of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis, shall be entitled to
elect all other members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. In the case of any vacancy
in the office of a director elected by the holders of a particular series or class of stock, the
vacancy may be filled only by the vote of the holders of such series or class of stock.

(ii) Tn the event there are less than 1,000,000 shares of Series C
Preferred Stock outstanding, the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together
as a single class on an as-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all members of the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.

6. Protective Provisions.

(a) So long as at least 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock are
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the
Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining
the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of (i) the holders of at Icast a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:

(i) effect a Liquidation Event;

(ii) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total
number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Scrics C
Preferred Stock;

(iii) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issuc, any other
equity security, including any sccurity (other than Series C Preferred Stock) convertible into or
excrcisable for any equity security, having a preference over the Series C Preferred Stock with
respect to voting, dividends, conversion or upon liquidation; or

(iv) redeem, purchase or othcrwise acquire (or pay into or set
funds aside for a sinking fund for such purposc) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or
Common Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of

-12-

US, WEST:260004608.4
13237 1
shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons
performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which
the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at cost upon the occurrence of certain
events, such as the termination of employment, or through the cxercise of any right of first
refusal.

(b) So long as at least 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the
Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining
the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class,
alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, so
as to materially and adversely affect the shares of such series in a manner differently than shares
of any other series of Preferred Stock (whether by amendment of the Restated Certificate or the
Corporation's Bylaws, as amended).

(c) So long as at least 1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock are
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the
Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining
the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class,
alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock, so
as to materially and adversely affect the shares of such series in a manner differently than shares
of any other scrics of Preferred Stock (whether by amendment of the Restated Certificate or the
Corporation's Bylaws, as amended).

(d) So long as at Icast 1,000,000 sharcs of Scrics C Preferred Stock arc
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the
Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining
the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class,
alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, so
as to materially and adversely affect the shares of such serics in a manner differently than shares
of any other series of Preferred Stock (whether by amendment of the Restated Certificate or the
Corporation's Bylaws, as amended).

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and
shall not be issuable by the Corporation. This Restated Certificate shall be appropriately
amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

(C) Common Stock,

1, Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any

-13-
US_WEST:260004608.4
13237-1
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

. 2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation shall be
distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article TV(B).

3, Redemption, The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4, Voting Rights, Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law. ‘he number of authorized shares of Common
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then
outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation
representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Scction 242(b)(2) of the Delaware
General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE V

The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors nced not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VII

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the
same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally
liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director.

(B) The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest cxtcnt permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestale is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served
at any other enterprise as a director or officer al the request of the Corporation or any
predecessor to the Corporation.

(C) — Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article Vii,
shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter occurring, or any
action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VIJ, would acenue or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

-14.
US_WEST:266004608.4
13237-1
od)

ARTICLE VIII

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this Corporation and its
creditors or any class of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or any class
of them, any court of equilable jurisdiction within the Statc of Delaware may, on the application
in a summary way of this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof, or on the
application of any recciver or reccivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of
Section 291 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of
any receiver or reccivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of
Title 8 of the Delaware Code order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the
stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in
such manner as the said court directs. If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value
of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this
Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any
reorganization of this Corporation as a consequence of such compromise or arrangement, the
said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to
which the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors,
and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may be,
and also on this Corporation.”

-15-
US_WLST.260004608.4
13237-}
The toregoing Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adapted
by this Corporation’s Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with the applicable
provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware. ,

Execuled at Menlo Park, California, on April 28, 2006.

/sf Steve Loughlin
Steve Loughlin, President

/s/ Pcter Cohn
Peter Cohn, Secretary

-)6-
US_WEST:260004608.4
13237-]
