State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 01:42 PM 04/09/2007
FILED 01:42 PM 04/09/2007
SRV 070411635 - 3642809 FILE

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AGAMI SYSTEMS, INC.

The undersigned, Kumar Sreekanti, the President of Agami Systems, Inc. (hereinafter, the
“cosporation”), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

FIRST: Tho present name of the corporation is Agami Systems, Inc., the name under
which the corporation was originally incorporated is StorAd, Inc., and the original Certificate of
Incorporation of the corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on April 1, 2003. An
amended and restated certificate of incorporation was filed on April 28, 2003. A second amended and
restated certificate of incorporation was filed on June 13, 2003. A certificate of amendment to the second
amended and restated certificate of incorporation was filed on March 12, 2004. A third amended and
restated certificate of incorporation was filed on May }9, 2004. A fourth amended and restated certificate
was filed on September 1, 2004. Certificates of amendment to the fourth amended and restated certificate
were filed on April 1, 2005, June 6, 2006, and July 21, 2006.

SECOND: The Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Agami
Systems, Inc, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A has been duly adopted in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 245 and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the
directors of the Corporation and by a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock by written
action in lieu of a meeting.

THIRD: The Fifth Restated Certificate of Incorporation so adopted reads in full as set
forth in Exhibit A attached hereto and is hereby incorporated herein by this reference.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Agami Systems, Inc. has caused this Certificate to be signed
by the President and the Assistant Secretary this 9thday of April 2007.

By K cancion Ch.

President
ATTEST: Kumar Sreekanti

By
Assistant Secretary
Scott D. Karchmer

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AGAMI SYSTEMS, INC.

The undersigned, Kumar Sreekanti, the President of Agami Systems, Inc. (hereinafter, the
“corporation”), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

FIRST: The present name of the corporation is Agami Systems, Inc., the name under
which the corporation was originally incorporated is StorAd, inc., and the original Certificate of
Incorporation of the corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on Apri! 5, 2003. An

-amended and restated certificate of incorporation was filed on April 28, 2003. A second amended and
restated certificate of incorporation was filed on June 13, 2003. A certificate of amendment to the second
amended and restated certificate of incorporation was filed on March 12, 2004. A third amended and
restated certificate of incorporation was filed on May 19, 2004. A fourth amended and restated certificate
was filed on September 1, 2004. Certificates of amendment to the fourth amended and restated certificate
were filed on April 1, 2005, June 6, 2006, and July 2), 2006.

SECOND: The Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Agami
Systems, Inc. in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A has been duly adopted in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 245 and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the
directors of the Corporation and by a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock by written
action in lieu of a meeting.

THIRD: The Fifth Restated Certificate of Incorporation so adopted reads in full as set
forth in Exhibit A attached hereto and is hereby incorporated herein by this reference.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Agami Systems, Inc. has caused this Certificate to be signed
by the President and the Assistant Secretary this gthjay of April 2007.

By _
President

ATTEST: Kumar Sreekanti

By x fu ©) Cove Se

Assistant Secretary
Scott D. Karchmer
EXHIBIT A

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

AGAMI SYSTEMS, INC.

FIRST: The name of the corporation is Agami Systems, Inc. (hereinafter called the
“Corporation”).

SECOND; The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of
Delaware is 3500 S. Dupont Highway, Dover, Delaware 19901, County of Kent, and the name of the
registered agent at that address is Incorporating Services Ltd.

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

FOURTH:

A. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (‘Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common Stock”), The total
number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is One Hundred Fifty-Eight
Million Six Hundred One Thousand Four Hundred Thirty-Eight (158,601,438). The total number of
shares of Preferred Stock this Corporation shall have authority to issue is Sixty-Four Million Eight
Hundred Fifily-One Thousand Four Hundred Thirty-Eight (64,851,438), The total number of shares of
Common Stock this Corporation shall have authority to issue is Ninety-Three Million Seven Hundred
Fifty Thousand (93,750,000), The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.000] per share and the
Common Stock shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share.

B. The Preferred Stock shall have three series; Thirty-Four Million (34,000,000) shares
of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series .A Preferred Stock,” Thirteen Million Three Hundred Fifty-
One Thousand Four Hundred Thirty-Eight (13,351,438) shares of the Preferred Stock shall be designated
“Series B Preferred Stock” and Seventeen Million Five Hundred Thousand (17,500,000) shares shall be
designated “Series C Preferred Stock,”

C. The powers, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other matters relating to the
Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends,

a. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends, on a pari passu basis, at the rate of $0.053 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum for the Series A Preferred Stock, at the rate
of $0.168 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such
shares) per annum for the Series B Preferred Stock and at a rate of $0.192 per share (as adjusted for any
stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum for the Series C Preferred
Stock, payable out of funds legally available therefor. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and
if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be non-cumulative.

b. No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock
of the Corporation) shall be paid on any Common Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year of the

~I-
)-SF/7461416.5
Corporation until dividends in the total amount of $0.053 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred Stock, $0.168 per share (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series B
Preferred Stock and at a rate of $0.192 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or
splits with respect to such shares) per annum for the Series C Preferred Stock shall have been paid or
declared and set apart during that fiscal year.

c. After the holders of the Preferred Stock have received their dividend
preference as set forth above, any additional dividends or distributions declared by the Board of Directors
out of funds legally available therefor shall be distributed ratably among all holders of Common Stock
and Preferred Stock (on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) as of the record date fixed for
determining those entitled to receive such distribution.

d. in the event the Corporation shall declare a distribution payable in
securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons, assets
(excluding cash dividends) or options or rights to purchase any such securities or evidences of
indebtedness, then, in each such case the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate
share of any such distribution as though the holders of the Preferred Stock were the holders of the number
of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their respective shares of Preferred Stock are
convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the.
Corporation entitled to receive such distribution,

2. Liquidation Preference.

a. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock by
reason of their ownership thereof, the amount equal to $2.40 per share (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) plus all declared but unpaid dividends, for
each share of Series C Preferred Stock then held by them (the “Series C Liquidation Preference”). lf
upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid
preferential amount, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

b. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment in full of the Series C Liquidation
Preference, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, on a pari passu basis, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus
funds of the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the
amount of $1.33 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to
such shares) in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock plus all accrued or declared but unpaid dividends
on such share for each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them and the amount of $4.20 per
share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) in the case
of the Series B Preferred Stock plus ail declared but unpaid dividends on such share for each share of
Series B Preferred Stock then held by them. If upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds
thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock shall
be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amount, then the
entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably

-2-
1-SF/746 1416.5
among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

c. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, and subject to the payment in full of the liquidation
preference with respect to the Preferred Stock as provided in subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Section
C.2, the entire remaining assets and funds of the corporation legally available for distribution, if any, shall
be distributed among the holders of the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock in proportion to the
shares of Common Stock then held by them and the shares of Common Stock that they then have the right
to acquire upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock then held by them.

d. For purposes of this Section C.2, (i) any acquisition of the
Corporation by means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization in which outstanding shares of
the Corporation are exchanged for securities or other consideration issued, or caused to be issued, by the
acquiring corporation or its subsidiary and in which the holders of capital stock of the Corporation hold
less that 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity (other than a mere reincorporation transaction)
ot (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, shall be treated as a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation and shall entitle the holders of Preferred Stock to receive at
the closing in cash, securities or other property (valued as provided in Section C.2(e) below) amounts as
specified in, and in accordance with, Sections C.2(a) and C.2(b) above,

e. Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section C.2 shall be
payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution shall be the fair market
value of such securities or other property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

3. Redemption.

a. Upon the receipt by the Corporation at any time after March 31,
2012 of the written request of the holders of not less than a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock to redeem some or all (as so requested) of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
(the “Redemption Request’), the Corporation shall, to the extent it may lawfully do so, redeem ail of the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock so requested in the Redemption Request on a date within ninety
(90) days following the date on which the Redemption Request is received by the Corporation (the date of
such redemption, the “Redemption Date”), by paying in cash therefor, the Original Issue Price per share
of each respective series of Preferred Stock plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such shares (the
“Redemption Price’) for the shares to be redeemed in such installment. The Redemption Price shall be
appropriately adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, stock splits, recapitalizations and the like.

b. At least thirty (30) days prior to the Redemption Date written notice
shall be mailed, first class postage prepaid, to each holder of record (at the close of business on the
business day next preceding the day on which notice is given) of the Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at
the address last shown on the records of the Corporation for such holder, notifying such holder of the
redemption to be effected, specifying the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price, the place at which
payment may be obtained and calling upon such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and
at the place designated, his certificate or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed (the
“Redemption Notice”). Except as provided in Section C.3(c), on or after the Redemption Date, each
holder of Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender to this Corporation the certificate or certificates
representing such shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and
thereupon the Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name
appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be

-3-
1-SF/7461416.5
cancelled. In the event less than all the shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new
certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares.

c. From and after the Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a
default in payment of the Redemption Price, all rights of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock
designated for redemption in the Redemption Notice as holders of Preferred Stock (except the right to
receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificate or certificates) shall
cease with respect to such shares, and such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the
Corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation
legally available for redemption of shares of Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to
redeem the total number of shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds which are
legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares ratably among the
holders of such shares to be redeemed based upon their holdings of Preferred Stock, and the Corporation
shall redeem the remaining shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed as soon as sufficient funds are
tegally available. The shares of Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain outstanding and entitled to all
the rights and preferences provided herein.

d. On or prior to the Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit
the Redemption Price of all shares of Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption
Notice and not yet redeemed with a bank or trust corporation having aggregate capital and surplus in
excess of $100,000,000 as a trust fund for the benefit of the respective holders of the shares designated for-
redemption and not yet redeemed, with instructions and authority to the bank or trust corporation to pay
the Redemption Price for such shares to their respective holders on or after the Redemption Date upon
receipt of notification from the Corporation that such holder has surrendered his share certificate to the
Corporation pursuant to Section C.3(b) above. As of the Redemption Date, the deposit shall constitute
full payment of the shares to their holders, and from and after the Redemption Date the shares so called
for redemption shall be redeemed and shall be deemed to be no longer outstanding, and the holders
thereof shall cease to be shareholders with respect to such shares and shall have no rights with respect
thereto except the rights to receive from the bank or trust corporation payment of the Redemption Price of
the shares, without interest, upon surrender of their certificates therefor, and the right to convert such
shares as provided in Section C.5 hereof. Such instructions shall also provide that any moneys deposited
by the Corporation pursuant to this Section C.3(d) for the redemption of shares thereafter converted into
shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock pursuant to Section C.5 hereof prior to the Redemption Date
shalt be returned to the Corporation forthwith upon such conversion. The balance of any moneys
deposited by the Corporation pursuant to this Section C.3(d) remaining unclaimed at the expiration of six
(6) months following the Redemption Date shal] thereafter be returned to the Corporation upon its request
expressed in a resolution of its Board of Directors.

4. Noting Rights. Each holder of shares of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of
Preferred Stock could be converted and shal! have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and
powers of the Common Stock (except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law,
voting together with the Common Stock as a single class) and shall be entitled to notice of any
stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not,
however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after
aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall
be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward),

5. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

1-SF/7461416.5
a. Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall! be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share and
prior to the Redemption Date, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into
such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
$0.667 (the “Series A Original Issue Price”) by the Conversion Price applicable to such share,
determined as hereinafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The
price at which shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion of shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock (the “Series A Conversion Price”) shall initially be $0.667 per share of Common Stock.
Such initial Series A Conversion Price shall be adjusted as hereinafter provided. Each share of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of
issuance of such share and prior to the Redemption Date, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer
agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing $2.10 (the “Series B Original Issue Price”) by the Conversion Price applicable to
such share, determined as hereinafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for
conversion. The price at which shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion of shares
of the Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Conversion Price’) shall initially be $2.10 per share of
Common Stock. Such initial Series B Conversion Price shall be adjusted as hereinafter provided. Each
share of Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after
the date of issuance of such share and prior to the Redemption Date, at the office of the Corporation or
any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock as is determined by dividing $2.40 (the “Series C Original Issue Price’) by the Conversion Price’
applicable to such share, determined as hereinafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is
surrendered for conversion. The price at which shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable upon
conversion of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock (the “Series C Conversion Price’) shalt initially be
$2.40 per share of Common Stock. Such initial Series C Conversion Price shall be adjusted as hereinafter
provided. Each of the Series A Conversion Price, the Series B Conversion Price and the Series C
Conversion Price shall collectively be referred to herein as the “Conversion Prices.” Each of the Series A
Original Issue Price, the Series B Original Issue Price and the Series C Original Issue Price shall
collectively be referred to herein as the “Original Issue Price.”

b. Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Conversion Price, upon the
earlier, of (i) the date specified by written consent or agreement of holders of at least a majority of the
shares of the Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting as a single class, or (ii) immediately upon the
closing of the sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public
offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act’), resulting in the
Common Stock of the Corporation being listed for trading on a national securities exchange, other than a
registration relating solely to a transaction under Rule 145 under such Act (or any successor thereto) or to
an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, the public offering price of which is not less than $4.80 per
share (appropriately adjusted for any stock split, dividend, combination or other recapitalization) and
which results in aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation (before deduction for underwriters’ discounts
and expenses relating to the issuance) of at least $30,000,000.

c. Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor,
duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such stock, and shall give
written notice to the Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the same and shall state therein
the name or names in which he wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be
issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such

-5-
1-SF/746 1416.5
holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which
he shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior
to the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the
person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(ii) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten
offering of securities pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion may, at the option of any holder
tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters
of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the
Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

d. Adjustments to Conversion Price for Certain Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section C.5(d),
the following definitions apply:

(1) “Options” shall mean rights, options, or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities (defined
below).

(2) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which
a share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as the case may
be, was first issued.

(3) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness, shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(4) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean
all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section C.5(d)(iii), deemed to be issued) by the
Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock issued (or deemed to be
issued pursuant to Section C.5(d)(iii)):

{A) upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock or
upon exercise of any Options in existence on the Original Issue Date;

(B) to officers, directors, employees, or consultants of,
the Corporation pursuant to stock option or stock purchase plans or agreements on terms approved by the
Board of Directors;

(C) to strategic partners, customers, suppliers, landlords,
lenders or lessors pursuant to agreements approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(D) as a dividend or distribution on Preferred Stock;
(E) in connection with an acquisition of a business or

any assets or properties or technology by the Corporation pursuant to agreements approved by the Board
of Directors of the Corporation;

1-SF/7461416.5
(F) in a public offering prior to or in connection with
which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock is converted into Common Stock; or

(G) upon issuance of warrants to purchase Preferred
Stock approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein
to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment in the Conversion Price for a series of Preferred Stock
shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration
per share (determined pursuant to Section C.5(d)(v) hereof) for an Additional Share of Common Stock
issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the Conversion Price for such series of
Preferred Stock in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue.

(iii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In
the event the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue any

Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities then entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number
of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein
designed to protect against dilution) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in
the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue
or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date,
provided that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustments in the Conversion Price shall
be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common Stock upon the
exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration payable to the
Corporation, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon the exercise,
conversion or exchange thereof, the Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon
the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thereon,
shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or
decrease insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible
Securities (provided, however, that no such adjustment of the Conversion Price shall effect Common
Stock previously issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock);

(3) upon the expiration of any such Options or rights,
the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any Options or rights related
to such Convertible Securities or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price, to the extent in any way
affected by or computed using such Options, rights or Convertible Securities or Options or rights related
to such Convertible Securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of
Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable securities that. remain in effect) actually issued upon the
exercise of such Options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities or
upon the exercise of the Options or rights related to such Convertible Securities;

(4) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) or (3) above

shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of (a) the
Conversion Price on the original adjustment date, or (b) the Conversion Price that would have resulted

1-SF/7461416.5
from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the original adjustment date and such
readjustment date.

(iv) Adjustment_of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event this Corporation, at any time after the Original Issue

Date shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to be issued pursuant to Section C.5(d)(iii)) without consideration or for a consideration per share
less than the Conversion Price with respect to any series of Preferred Stock in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred
Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined
by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares of Common
Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
to such issuance, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock
so issued; provided, however, that no adjustment pursuant to this Section C.5.d(iv) shall be made with
respect to the Non-Participating Pro Rata Portion (as defined below in Section C.5.m.) of any shares held
by a Holder in connection with a Mandatory Offering pursuant to Section C.5.m. below. For the purpose
of the above calculation, the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issue shall be calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all shares of Preferred Stock and all Convertible’
Securities had been fully converted into shares of Common Stock and any outstanding warrants, options
or other rights for the purchase of shares of stock or convertible securities had been fully exercised (and
the resulting securities fully converted into shares of Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such date.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
Section C.5(d), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares of
Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

{A) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation excluding amounts paid or payable for accrued
interest or accrued dividends;

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the Board; and

({C) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are
issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (A) and

(B) above, as determined in good faith by the Board.

(2) Options __and__ Convertible __ Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to

have been issued pursuant to Section C.5(d)(iii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities shall be
determined by dividing

(A) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by
the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto,

~§-
1-SF/746 1416.5
without regard to any provision contained therein designed to protect against dilution) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities by

(B) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
(as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein designed
to protect against the dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities.

e. Adjustments to Conversion Prices for Stock Dividends and for
Combinations or Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that this Corporation at any time or from

time to time after the date of filing of this Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall
declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the Common Stock payable in Common Stock or
in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock split,
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire
Common Stock), or in the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or
consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then the
Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such event shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, be proportionately decreased or increased, as
appropriate. In the event that this Corporation shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend
on the Common Stock payable in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration then the
Corporation shall be deemed to have made a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of shares
equal to the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire Common Stock.

f. Adjustments. for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a

different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization,
reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares provided for in Section
C.5(e) above or a merger or other reorganization referred to in Section C.2(d) above), the Conversion
Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be
proportionately adjusted so that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of
shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock that
would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Preferred Stock immediately
before that change.

g. No Impairment. Subject to the right of the Corporation to amend its
Certificate of Incorporation or take any other corporate action upon obtaining the necessary approvals
required by its Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, this Corporation will not, by amendment
of its Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek
to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by this
Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this
Section 5 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
Conversion Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

h, Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each

adjustment or readjustment of any Conversion Price pursuant to this Section C.5, the Corporation at its
expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and

-9-
1-SF/7461416.5
prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate executed by the Corporation’s President
or Chief Financial Officer setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at
any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate
setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred
Stock at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of
other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

i. Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall
propose at any time: (i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out of
earnings or earned surplus; (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or series of its
stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights; (iii) to effect any reclassification
of recapitalization of its Common Stock outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or (iv) to
merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, or sell, lease or convey all or substantially all of
its assets, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up; then, in connection with each such event, the Corporation
shall send to the holders of Preferred Stock: (1) at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of the date
on which a record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and specifying the
date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote, if
any, in respect of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above; and (2) in the case of the matters referred
to in (iii) and (iv) above, at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of the date when the same shall take’
place (and specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their
Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event).

j. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,

solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of ail
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock (including any such shares issuable upon exercise of
outstanding warrants); and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock
(including any such shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants), the Corporation will take such
corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose, including,
without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary
amendment to this Certificate.

k. Fractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon the
conversion of any share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions
thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a holder thereof shall be
aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the issuance of any
fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the conversion would result in the issuance of a
fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the
holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on
the date of conversion (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

|. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section C.5 to
be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United
States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address appearing on the books
of the Corporation.

—10—
1-SF/7461416.5
m. Special Mandatory Conversion. At any time following the Original
Issue Date for the Series A Preferred Stock, if (a) the holders of shares of Preferred Stock (each, a
“Holder” and together, the “Holders”) are entitled to exercise the right of first offer (the “Preemptive
Right’) set forth in Section 2.4 of that certain Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement, dated
on or about April 9, 2007, by and among the Corporation and the parties set forth therein (the “Rights
Agreement’), as may be amended from time to time, (b) the Corporation has complied with its notice
obligations, or such notice obligations have been properly waived (which waiver must include the waiver
of each Non-Participating Holder with respect to this Section C.5.m.), under the Preemptive Right, (c) the
shares pursuant to which the Holders are entitled to exercise their Preemptive Right are Additional Shares
of Common Stock being issued without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series
C Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue, and (d) such Holder does
not exercise such Holder’s Preemptive Right to acquire his, her or its full pro rata share (as defined in the
Rights Agreement and designated herein as the “Full Pro Rata Portion’) (a “Non-Participating Holder’)
of the securities offered for sale (a “Mandatory Offering”), then all of such Non-Participating Holder’s
shares of Preferred Stock shall automatically and without further action on the part of such holder be
converted into Common Stock effective upon, subject to, and concurrently with, the consummation of the
Mandatory Offering (the “Mandatory Offering Date”) at the applicable Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to the Mandatory Offering Date; provided, however, to the extent that a Holder
exercises a portion of his, her or its pro rata share (as defined in the Rights Agreement) (the
“Participating Pro Rata Portion’), then (i) the Participating Pro Rata Portion corresponding to the.
number of shares of Preferred Stock then held by such Holder shall not be converted into Common Stock
pursuant to this Section C.5.m. and (ii) only the Full Pro Rata Portion less the Participating Pro Rata
Portion (the “Non-Participating Pro Rata Portion”) corresponding to the number of shares of Preferred
Stock then held by such Holder shall be converted into Common Stock on the Mandatory Offering Date
at the applicable Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the Mandatory Offering Date; provided,
Jurther, that this Section C.5.m. shall not apply in the event that the Mandatory Offering is anticipated to
have gross proceeds to the Corporation in excess of $10,000,000; provided, further, that no such
conversion shall occur with respect to any individual Holder in connection with a Mandatory Offering if,
pursuant to the written request of this Corporation, any Holder agrees in writing to waive his, her or its
Preemptive Right with respect to such Mandatory Offering. Upon conversion pursuant to this Subsection
C.5.m, the shares of Preferred Stock, so converted shall be cancelled and not subject to reissuance. The
provisions of this Section C.S.m. shall terminate with respect to each Holder when such Holder’s
aggregate value contributed (including cash investments and in-kind contributions) to the Corporation
exceeds $5,000,000. For purposes of determining the aggregate value contributed, such Holder may
aggregate the amounts invested by any of its affiliates.

n. Waiver of Adjustments. The holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock may by written consent waive any adjustment to the Conversion
Price of any series of Preferred Stock which would, absent such waiver, be effective under this Section 5.

6. Restrictions and Limitations.

a. So long as any shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the
Corporation shall not, by merger, consolidation or otherwise, without the vote or written consent by the
holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class:

(i) amend, repeal or waive any provision of the Corporation’s
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws;

-~ll-
1-SF/7461416.5
(ii) increase the aggregate number of authorized shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock;

Gii) effect any transaction described in Section C.2(d);

(iv) increase or decrease the authorized size of the Board of
Directors;

(v) repurchase or redeem any capital stock of the Corporation
(other than (i) exercises of the Corporation’s right of first refusal as approved by the Board of Directors or
(ii) repurchases by the Corporation of unvested Common Stock at cost pursuant to purchase agreements
with the holders thereof);

(vi) declare or pay dividends on capital stock; or

(vii) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other
equity security (including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security) senior to or
on a parity with the Preferred Stock.

7. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock
acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall! be reissued,
and all such shares shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated from the shares which the Corporation shall
be authorized to issue.

D. The Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of the holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall
be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets or the
Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board
of Directors. Such dividends shall be non-cumulative.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Division (C) of
this Article FOURTH.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock shall not be redeemable other than the
repurchase of shares of Common Stock by the Corporation from employees, officers, directors,
consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to
agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at cost upon the
occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment, as approved by the Board of
Directors,

4. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the
Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may be
provided herein or by law.

5. Adjustment in Authorized Common Stock. The number of authorized shares
of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding) by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock of the

-12-
1-SF/7461416.5
Corporation, voting together as a single class, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

FIFTH: A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or
its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for
any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or (iv) for any
transaction from which the director derived any improper personal benefit. If the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article to authorize
corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors then the liability of a
director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as so amended. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing
provisions of this Article V by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or
protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

SIXTH: Subject to the provisions hereof, the Corporation reserves the right to amend,
alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject to this
reservation.

SEVENTH: Subject to the provisions hereof, election of directors need not be by written
ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.

EIGHTH: The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors
of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by, or in the manner provided in, the Bylaws of the
Corporation or in an amendment thereof duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation or by
the stockholders of the Corporation.

NINTH: Meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be held within or without the
State of Delaware, as the Bylaws of the Corporation may provide. The books of the Corporation may be
kept (subject to any provision contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or
places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation or in the
Bylaws of the Corporation.

TENTH: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this Corporation is also
authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) such agents (and any other
persons to which Delaware law permits this Corporation to provide indemnification) through Bylaw
provisions, agreements with such agents or other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors
or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by Section 145 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, subject only to limits created by applicable Delaware
law (statutory or non-statutory), with respect to actions for breach of duty to this Corporation, its
stockholders, and others.

Any repeal or modification of any of the foregoing provisions of this Article TENTH
shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director, officer, agent or other person existing at the
time of, or increase the liability of any director of this Corporation with respect to any acts or omissions
of such director, officer or agent occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

-~13-
1-SF/7461416.5
