State of Delaware
Secreta of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 04:47 PM 08/03/2007
FILED 04:40 PM 08/03/2007
SRV 070890199 ~- 3555490 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
AGEIA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Ageia Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Corporation”), certifies that:

A. The name of the Corporation is Ageia Technologies, Inc. The Corporation’s original
Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August
5, 2002. ,

B. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, and restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Corporation’s Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

C. The text of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is amended and
restated to read as set forth in EXHIBIT A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Ageia Technologies, Inc. ‘has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Manju Hegde, a duly authorized officer of the
Corporation, on August 3, 2007.

/s/ Manju Hegde |
Manju Hegde, Chief Executive Officer

CADocumenis and Settings oshua.Goodman\Local Settings\lemporary Intemet Files\OLK l\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_({PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
EXHIBIT A

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is Ageia Technologies, Inc.
ARTICLE If

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE Ill

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange
Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801. The name of the registered agent at such
address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE IV

1. Number of Shares. The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall
have authority to issue is 281,949,967, consisting of 120,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.001
par value per share, and 161,949,967 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share. The first
series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of
19,367,512 shares. The second series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series Al Preferred
Stock” (together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the “Series AA Preferred Stock”) and shal}
consist of 19,367,512 shares. The third series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series B
Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 22,055,003 shares. The fourth series of Preferred Stock shall
be designated “Series B1 Preferred Stock” (together with the Series B Preferred Stock, the “Series
BB Preferred Stock”) and shall consist of 22,055,003 shares. The fifth series of Preferred Stock
shall be designated “Series C Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 35,454,108 shares. The sixth
series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series C1 Preferred Stock” (together with the Series
C Preferred Stock, the “Series CC Preferred Stock”) and shall consist of 43,650,829 shares.

. 2. Voting.

2A. General. Except as may be otherwise provided in these terms of the Preferred
Stock or by law, the Preferred Stock shall vote together with all other classes and series of stock of
the Corporation as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis on all actions to be
taken by the stockholders of the Corporation, including, but not limited to actions amending the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation to increase the number of
authorized shares of Common Stock. Each share of Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof
to such number of votes per share on each such action as shall equal the number of shares of
‘Common Stock (including fractions of a share) into which such share of Preferred Stock is then
convertible.

CADocuments and Settings Noshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK1\Ageia_ AR Certificate of incorporation
FINAL_(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
2B. Board Size. The Corporation shall not, without the written consent or
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock, given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or voting (as the case may be) separately
as a class, increase the maximum number of directors constituting the Board of Directors to a
number in excess of seven (7).

2C. Board Seats. The number of authorized members of the Corporation’s Board
of Directors shall be seven (7). The holders of Common Stock, voting separately as a class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) directors of the Corporation. The holders of shares of Series AA Preferred
Stock, voting separately as a class, shall be entitled to elect three (3) directors of the Corporation.
The holders of shares of Series BB Preferred Stock and Series CC Preferred Stock, voting together
as a single class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Corporation. Any remaining
directors shall be elected by the holders of a majority of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock,
voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis. Any director elected by
the holders of a particular class/series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be removed during
such director’s term of office, either for or without cause, by and only by the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of such class/series of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock given at a meeting of stockholders duly called or by an action by written consent for
that purpose.

3. Dividends. The holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive out of funds legally available therefor dividends equal to five percent (5%) of Issuance Price
for such series when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, The “Issuance Price” shall be
$0.50 for the Series AA Preferred Stock, $0.87 for the Series BB Preferred Stock, and $1.22 for the
Series CC Preferred Stock (as adjusted in each case for any future stock splits, combinations,
recapitalizations, and the like). Holders of the Series BB Preferred Stock and the Series CC
Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive on a pari passu basis, dividends prior and in preference to
dividends payable to the holders of any other stock of the Corporation. Holders of the Series AA
Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive dividends prior and in preference to dividends payable to
the holders of the Common Stock of the Corporation. After the dividend preferences of the Series
CC Preferred Stock, Series BB Preferred Stock and Series AA Preferred Stock in the preceding two
sentences have been satisfied, the holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to participate in the receipt of dividends with the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock
pro rata according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by such holders, where, for this
purpose, holders of shares of Preferred Stock will be deemed to hold (in lieu of their Preferred
Stock) the greatest whole number of shares of Common Stock then issuable upon conversion in full
of such shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to paragraph 6. The right to receive dividends on shares
of Preferred Stock shall not be cumulative, and the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have no right
to such dividends except as set forth above.

4. Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock shall first be entitled,
before any distribution or payment is made upon any stock ranking on liquidation junior to the
Preferred Stock, to be paid an amount equal to the Issuance Price for such share, plus an amount
equal to all dividends declared but unpaid thereon, if any (for each share of Preferred Stock, the

-2-
C:\Documents and SettingsVoshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK}\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL _(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
applicable “Liquidation Preference Payment,” and, in aggregate for all shares of Preferred Stock,
the “Liquidation Preference Payments.” If upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the assets to be distributed among the holders of
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit payment in full to the holders of Preferred Stock of the
Liquidation Preference Payments, then the entire assets of the Corporation to be so distributed shall
be distributed (i) first, until such time as the applicable Liquidation Preference Payment due on the
Series CC Preferred Stock and Series BB Preferred Stock have been paid, to the holders of Series
CC Preferred Stock and Series BB Preferred Stock on a pari passu basis, based on the Liquidation
Preference Payments due to them on account of their holdings of Series BB Preferred Stock and
Series CC Preferred Stock, and, after paying the total Liquidation Preference Payment due to all
holders of Series CC Preferred Stock and Series BB Preferred Stock by virtue of their ownership of
shares of Series CC Preferred Stock and Series BB Preferred Stock, (ii) second, to the extent assets
remain available for distribution, to the holders of Series AA Preferred Stock on a pro-rata basis,
based on the number of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock held by them. Upon any such
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, immediately after the holders of Preferred
Stock shall have been paid in full the Liquidation Preference Payments, the remaining net assets of
the Corporation available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Preferred
Stock and Common Stock (with each share of Preferred Stock being deemed, for such purpose, to be
equal to the number of shares of Common Stock (including fractions of a share) into which such
share of Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to the close of business on the business day
fixed for such distribution). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate distributions (including
the Liquidation Preference Payment and any other distributions) made pursuant to this paragraph 4
with respect to any share of Preferred Stock shall not exceed an amount equal to $2.00, $3.48 and
$4.88 per share of Series AA Preferred Stock, Series BB Preferred Stock and Series CC Preferred
Stock, respectively (as adjusted in each case for any future stock splits, combinations,
recapitalizations, and the like with respect to such shares). Unless waived by the holders of a
- majority of the Preferred Stock outstanding (calculated on an as-converted to Common Stock basis),
written notice of such liquidation, dissolution or winding up, stating a payment date, an estimate of
the amount of the Liquidation Preference Payments and the place where said Liquidation Preference
Payments shall be payable, shall be delivered in person, mailed by certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, or sent by telecopier or telex, not less than twenty (20) days prior to the payment
date stated therein, to the holders of record of Preferred Stock, such notice to be addressed to each
such holder at its address as shown by the records of the Corporation. Each of the following shall
each be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation within the meaning
of the provisions of this paragraph 4: (i) any consolidation or merger of the Corporation into or with
any other entity or entities, if the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such issuance
do not collectively hold at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the
Corporation’ s outstanding capital stock after such issuance on account of equity interests held by
them prior to the issuance, (ii) any sale, lease, abandonment, transfer or other disposition by the
Corporation of all or substantially all its assets, and (iii) any issuance by the Corporation, in other
than a public offering or venture capital or similar financing, of shares of its capital stock, if the
stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such issuance do not collectively hold at least
fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Corporation’s outstanding capital stock
after such issuance on account of equity interests held by them prior to the issuance. For purposes
hereof, the Common Stock shall rank on liquidation junior to the Series AA Preferred Stock, the

-3-

CADocuments and Settings oshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary internet Files\OLK1\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL _(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
Series BB Preferred Stock and the Series CC Preferred Stock, the Series AA Preferred Stock shall
rank on liquidation junior to the Series BB Preferred Stock and the Series CC Preferred Stock and
the Series BB Preferred Stock and Series CC Preferred Stock shall have pari passu rights with
respect to liquidation.

5. Restrictions. At any time when shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, except
where the vote or written consent of the holders of a greater number of shares of the Corporation is
required by law or by the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and in addition to any
other vote required by law or the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, without the
approval of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, given
in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or voting (as the case may be) as a separate class, the
Corporation will not:

5A. Amend, alter or repeal its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) if the effect would be detrimental or
adverse in any manner with respect to the rights of the Preferred Stock; provided, however, that any
such amendment that adversely affects the rights, privileges or preferences of the Series BB
Preferred Stock , including, without limitation, any increase in the authorized number of shares of
Series BB Preferred Stock, shali also require the approval of the holders of 75% of the Series BB
Preferred Stock then outstanding and any such amendment that adversely affects the rights,
privileges or preferences of the Series CC Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, any
increase in the authorized number of shares of Series CC Preferred Stock, shall also require the
approval of the holders of a majority of the Series CC Preferred Stock then outstanding;

5B. Create or authorize the creation of any additional class or series of shares of
stock (or any security convertible or exercisable, directly or indirectly, into any class or series of
shares of stock) unless the same ranks junior to any outstanding series of Preferred Stock as to all
rights, preferences and privileges, or increase the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock,
whether any such creation, authorization or increase shall be by means of amendment to the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation or otherwise;

5C. Become obligated to pay in excess of $100,000 through the issuance of any
debt other than in the usual course of business under a working-capital line of credit;

5D. Redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of Preferred Stock except as
expressly authorized in paragraph 7 hereof;

5E. Purchase or set aside any sums for the purchase of, or pay any dividend or
make any distribution on, any shares of stock other than the Preferred Stock as expressly authorized
by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, except for dividends or other
distributions payable on the Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common
Stock and except for the purchase of shares of Common Stock from former employees of the
Corporation who acquired such shares directly from the Corporation, if each such purchase is made
in connection with the termination of employment of such former employee and the purchase price
does not exceed the original issue price paid by such former employee to the Corporation for such
shares;

-4-

C:\Documents and Settings\Joshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK1] \Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
5F. Sell, lease, abandon, transfer or otherwise dispose of any material assets or a
material portion of the Corporation’s assets valued in excess of $500,000;

5G. Change the authorized number of members of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors from seven (7);

5H. Issue or become obligated to issue more than, in aggregate, 11,260,000 shares
of Common Stock to the Corporation’s employees, consultants or directors pursuant to stock option,
stock grant, stock purchase or similar plans or arrangements, unless approved by the Board of
Directors, including the directors elected solely by the holders of Series AA Preferred Stock, voting
as a single class, and the holders of Series BB Preferred Stock and Series CC Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class;

5I. _ Issue or become obligated to issue any shares of its Series CC Preferred Stock,
except pursuant to the exercise of securities outstanding as of the date hereof, unless such issuance is
approved by the Board of Directors, including at least three of the directors elected solely by the
holders of Series AA Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, and the holders of Series BB
Preferred Stock and Series CC Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class;

5J. Acquire, in whole or in part, the assets or equity of any other entity, if the
purchase price paid for such assets or equity exceeds $500,000;

5K. Consent to any event which would be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation within the meaning of paragraph 4 above; or

5L. Effect a recapitalization or reclassification of the Corporation’s capital stock.

6. Conversions. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall have the following
conversion rights:

6A. Right to Convert. Subject to the terms and conditions of paragraph 6, the
holder of any share or shares of Preferred Stock shall have the right, at its option at any time, to
convert any such shares of Preferred Stock into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares
of Common Stock as is obtained by (i) multiplying the number of shares of Preferred Stock so to be
converted by the applicable Issuance Price and (ii) dividing the result by a conversion price initially
equal to the applicable Issuance Price or, in case an adjustment of such price has taken place
pursuant to the further provisions of this paragraph 6, then by the conversion-price as last adjusted
and in effect at the date such share or shares of Preferred Stock are surrendered for conversion (such
price, or such price as last adjusted, being referred to as the “Conversion Price” for such series of
Preferred Stock and the number of shares into which each share of any series of Preferred Stock may
convert being referred as the “Conversion Rate” for such series of Preferred Stock). Such rights of
conversion shall be exercised by the holder thereof by giving written notice that the holder elects to
convert a stated number of shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock and by surrender of a
certificate or certificates for the shares so to be converted to the Corporation at its principal office (or
such other office or agency of the Corporation as the Corporation may designate by notice in writing
to the holders of the Preferred Stock) at any time during its usual business hours on the date set forth

-5-

C:\Documents and Settings\Joshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK1\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
in such notice, together with a statement of the name or names (with address) in which the certificate
or certificates for shares of Common Stock shall be issued. Notwithstanding the forgoing, shares of
Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of Common Stock without first
foregoing participation in the distribution, or series of distributions, on such shares of Preferred
Stock made pursuant to Section 4 hereof.

6B. Issuance of Certificates; Time Conversion Effected. Promptly after the
receipt of the written notice referred to in subparagraph 6A and surrender of the certificate or
certificates for the share or shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the Corporation shall issue and
deliver, or cause to be issued and delivered, to the holder, registered in such name or names as such
holder may direct, a certificate or certificates for the number of whole shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion of such share or shares of Preferred Stock. To the extent permitted by
law, such conversion shall be deemed to have been effected and the applicable Conversion Price
shall be determined as of the close of business on the date on which such written notice shall have
been received by the Corporation and the certificate or certificates for such share or shares shall have
been surrendered as aforesaid, and at such time the nghts of the holder of such share or shares of
Preferred Stock shall cease, and the person or persons in whose name or names any certificate or
certificates for shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon such conversion shall be deemed to
have become the holder or holders of record of the shares represented thereby.

6C. Fractional Shares; Dividends; Partial Conversion. No fractional shares
shall be issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock into Common Stock. At the time of each
conversion, the Corporation shall pay in cash an amount equal to all dividends declared and unpaid
on the shares of Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion to the date upon which such conversion
is deemed to take place as provided in subparagraph 6B. In case the number of shares of Preferred
Stock represented by the certificate or certificates surrendered pursuant to subparagraph 6A exceeds
the number of shares converted, the Corporation shall, upon such conversion, execute and deliver to
the holder, at the expense of the Corporation, a new certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Preferred Stock represented by the certificate or certificates surrendered which are not to
be converted. If any fractional share of Common Stock would, except for the provisions of the first
sentence of this subparagraph 6C, be delivered upon such conversion, the Corporation, in lieu of
delivering such fractional share, shall pay to the holder surrendering the Preferred Stock for
conversion an amount in cash equal to the current market price of such fractional share as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

6D. Adjustment of Price Upon Issuance of Common Stock. Except as provided
in subparagraph 6E, if and whenever after the date hereof the Corporation shall issue or sell, or is, in

accordance with subparagraphs 6D(1) through 6D(7), deemed to have issued or sold (such shares
will be referred to as shares that are “Deemed Issued”), any shares of Common Stock for a
consideration per share (the “Consideration”) less than the Conversion Price for a given series of
Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to the time of such issue or sale, then, forthwith upon
such issue or sale, the Conversion Price of such series shall be reduced to the price (calculated to the
nearest cent) determined by dividing (i) an amount equal to the sum of (a) the number of shares of
Common Stock actually outstanding immediately prior to such issue or sale multiplied by the then
existing Conversion Price of such series and (b) the consideration, if any, received by the

-6-
CADocuments and Settings oshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK l\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
Corporation upon such issue or sale, by (ii) the total number of shares of Common Stock actually
outstanding immediately prior to such issue or sale plus the number of shares of Common Stock
issued or Deemed Issued in such issuance or sale (this formula hereinafter referred to as the
“Conversion Price Adjustment Calculation”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
Consideration is less than the then effective Conversion Price for the Series BB Preferred Stock, then
the Conversion Price for the Series BB Preferred Stock shall first be reduced prior to performing the
Conversion Price Adjustment Calculation to the greater of (x) the Consideration and (y) $0.58 (as
adjusted in each case for any future stock splits, combinations, recapitalizations, and the like). In
addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Consideration is less than $0.87 per share, then the
Conversion Price for the Series CC Preferred Stock shall be reduced to the lesser of (xx) $0.87 and
(yy) the Conversion Price calculated pursuant to the Conversion Price Adjustment Calculation (as
adjusted in each case for any future stock splits, combinations, recapitalizations, and the like).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price for a given series of Preferred Stock shall not
be reduced at such time if the amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01, but any such
amount shall be carried forward, and a reduction will be made with respect to such amount at the
time of, and together with, any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any
other amounts so carried forward, equal $0.01 or more in the aggregate. For the purposes of this
Paragraph 6D, all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock and the exercise and/or conversion of any other outstanding Convertible Securities
and all outstanding Options shall be deemed to be outstanding.

For purposes of this subparagraph 6D, the following subparagraphs 6D(1) to 6D(7) shall also
be applicable:

6D(1) Issuance of Rights or Options. In case at any time the Corporation
shall in any manner grant (whether directly or by assumption in a merger or otherwise) any warrants
or other rights to subscribe for or to purchase, or any options for the purchase of, Common Stock or
any stock or security convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock directly or indirectly (such
warrants, rights or options being called “Options” and such convertible or exchangeable stock or
securities being called “Convertible Securities”) whether or not such Options or the right to convert
or exchange any such Convertible Securities are immediately exercisable, and the price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options or upon the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities (determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any,
received or receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the granting of such Options, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration payable to the Corporation upon the exercise
of all such Options, plus, in the case of such Options which relate to Convertible Securities, the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue or sale of
such Convertible Securities and upon the conversion or exchange thereof, by (ii) the total maximum
number of shares of Common Stock then issuable upon the exercise of such Options or upon the
conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options
directly or indirectly) shall be less than the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock in
effect immediately prior to the time of the granting of such Options, then the total maximum number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or upon conversion or
exchange of the total maximum amount of such Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of
such Options shall be deemed to have been issued for such price per share as of the date of granting

-]-
C:\Documents and Settingsoshua.Goodman\Locai Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK1\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL ( PALIB2_39 10405_5).DOC (46688)
of such Options and thereafter shall be deemed to be outstanding. Except as otherwise provided in
subparagraph 6D(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price for a given series of Preferred Stock
shall be made upon the actual issue of such Common Stock or of such Convertible Securities upon
exercise of such Options or upon the actual issue of such Common Stock upon conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the calculations set forth in
this paragraph shall not include the effect of adjustments by reason of provisions designed to protect
against dilution that are not yet required to be made.

6D(2) Issuance of Convertible Securities. In case the Corporation shall in
any manner issue (whether directly or by assumption in a merger or otherwise) or sell any
Convertible Securities, whether or not the rights to exchange or convert any such Convertible
Securities are immediately exercisable, and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable
upon such conversion or exchange (determined by dividing (i) the total amount received or
receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue or sale of such Convertible Securities,
plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation
upon the conversion or exchange thereof, by (ii) the total maximum number of shares of Common
Stock then issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities) shall be less
than the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to the time of
such issue or sale, then the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities shall be deemed to have been issued for
such price per share as of the date of the issue or sale of such Convertible Securities and thereafter
shall be deemed to be outstanding, provided that (a) except as otherwise provided in
subparagraph 6D(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock shall
be made upon the actual issue of such Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities and (b) if any such issue or sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon
exercise of any Options to purchase any such Convertible Securities for which adjustments of the
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock have been or are to be made pursuant to other
provisions of this subparagraph 6D, no further adjustment of the such Conversion Price shall be
made by reason of such issue or sale. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the calculations set forth in
this paragraph shall not include the effect of adjustments by reason of provisions designed to protect
against dilution that are not yet required to be made.

6D(3) Change in Option Price or Conversion Rate. If (i) the purchase
price provided for in any Option referred to in subparagraph 6D(1), (ii) the additional consideration,
if any, payable upon the conversion or exchange of any Convertible Securities referred to in
subparagraph 6D(1) or 6D(2), or (iii) the rate at which Convertible Securities referred to in
subparagraph 6D(1) or 6D(2) are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock shall change
at any time (including, but not limited to, changes under or by reason of provisions designed to
protect against dilution), the Conversion Price for a given series of Preferred Stock in effect at the
time of such event shall forthwith be readjusted to the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred
Stock which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities still
outstanding provided for such changed purchase price, additional consideration or conversion rate,
as the case may be, at the time initially granted, issued or sold; and on the termination of any such
Option or any such right to convert or exchange such Convertible Securities, the Conversion Price
then in effect hereunder for such series of Preferred Stock shall forthwith be increased to the

-8-
C:ADocuments and Settingsoshua,Goodman\Loca} Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLKi\Ageia_ AR Cerlificate of Incorporation
FINAL _(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
Conversion Price which would have been in effect at the time of such termination had such Option

or Convertible Securities, to the extent outstanding immediately prior to such termination, never _
been issued; provided, however, that in no event will the Conversion Price be higher than if Option
or Convertible Securities had not been issued.

6D(4) Stock Dividends. Except in the case of dividends or distributions

" pursuant to which an adjustment in the Conversion Price for a series of Preferred Stock is made
under paragraph 6F or 6G hereof, if the Corporation declares a dividend or makes any other
distribution upon any stock of the Corporation payable in Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities, then any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, as the case may be, issuable
in payment of such dividend or distribution shal! be deemed to have been issued or sold without
consideration,

6D(5) Consideration for Stock. In case any shares of Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities shall be issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor
shall be deemed to be the amount received by the Corporation therefor, without deduction therefrom
of any expenses incurred or any underwriting commissions or concessions paid or allowed by the
Corporation in connection therewith. In case any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities shall be issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of the consideration
other than cash received by the Corporation shall be deemed to be the fair value of such
consideration as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, without
deduction of any expenses incurred or any underwriting commissions or concessions paid or allowed
by the Corporation in connection therewith. In case any Options shall be issued in connection with
the issue and sale of other securities of the Corporation, together comprising one integral transaction
in which no specific consideration is allocated to such Options by the parties thereto, such Options
shall be deemed to have been issued for such consideration as determined in good faith by the Board
of Directors of the Corporation.

6D(6) Record Date. In case the Corporation shall take a record of the
holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (i) to receive a dividend or other
distribution payable in Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities or (ii) to subscribe for or
purchase Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date shall be deemed
to be the date of the issue or sale of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold
upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution or the date of the
granting of such right of subscription or purchase, as the case may be.

6D(7) Treasury Shares. The number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the
Corporation, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common
Stock for the purpose of this subparagraph 6D.

6E. Certain Issues of Common Stock Excepted. Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, the Corporation shall not be required to make any adjustment of any
applicable Conversion Price in the case of (i) the issuance from and after the date hereof of Common
Stock to directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Corporation in connection with their
service as directors of the Corporation, their employment by the Corporation or their retention as

C:\Documents and Settingsoshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK1\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
consultants by the Corporation, pursuant to any stock options approved by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation including approval of the director elected solely by the holders of the Series BB
Preferred Stock and the Series CC Preferred Stock, (ii) the issuance or deemed issuance of shares of
Common Stock, directly or indirectly, upon exercise and/or conversion of Options and Convertible
Securities outstanding as of the date hereof, (iii) the issuance or deemed issuance of shares of
Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, and (iv) any other issuance of equity
securities approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, including approval of the director
elected solely by the holders of the Series BB Preferred Stock and the Series CC Preferred Stock.

6F. Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. In case the Corporation
shall at any time subdivide (by any stock split, stock dividend or otherwise) its outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred
Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall be proportionately reduced, and,
_ conversely, in case the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined into a smaller
number of shares, the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior
to such combination shall be proportionately increased. In the case of any such subdivision, no
further adjustment shall be made pursuant to subparagraph 6D(4) by reason thereof.

6G. Reorganization or Reclassification. If any capital reorganization or
reclassification of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be effected in such a way that holders of
Common Stock shall be entitled to receive stock, securities or assets with respect to or in exchange
for Common Stock, then, as a condition of such reorganization or reclassification, lawful and
adequate provisions shall be made whereby each holder of a share or shares of Preferred Stock shall
thereupon have the right to receive, upon the basis and upon the terms. and conditions specified
herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore receivable upon the
conversion of such share or shares of Preferred Stock, such shares of stock, securities or assets as
may be issued or payable with respect to or in exchange for a number of outstanding shares of such
Common Stock equal to the number of shares of such Common Stock immediately theretofore
receivable upon such conversion had such reorganization or reclassification not taken place, and in
any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of such
holder to the end that the provisions hereof (including without limitation provisions for adjustments
of the applicable Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be, 1n relation to
any shares of stock, securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the exercise of such conversion

rights.

6H. Notice of Adjustment. Upon any adjustment of the applicable Conversion
Price, then and in each such case the Corporation shall give written notice thereof, by delivery in
person, certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, addressed to each holder of shares of
Preferred Stock at the address of such holder as shown on the books of the Corporation, which notice
shall state the applicable Conversion Price resulting from such adjustment, setting forth in
reasonable detail the method upon which such calculation is based.

él. Other Notices. In case at any time:

: -10-
C:\Documents and Settingsoshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLKJ \Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
61(1) the Corporation shal declare any dividend upon its Common Stock or
Preferred Stock payable in cash or stock or make any other distribution to the holders of its Common
Stock;

61(2) the Corporation shall offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of its
Common Stock or Preferred Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other rights;

61(3) there shall be any capital reorganization or reclassification of the
capital stock of the Corporation, or a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another
entity or entities, or a sale, lease, abandonment, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all
its assets; or

61(4) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or
winding up of the Corporation or the fixing of a date for payment of an amount distributable in
connection with a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation;

then, in any one or more of said cases, unless waived by the holders of a majority of the shares of
Preferred Stock then outstanding, the Corporation shall give, by delivery in person, certified or -
registered mail, return receipt requested, addressed to each holder of any shares of Preferred Stock at
the address of such holder as shown on the books of the Corporation, (a) at least twenty (20) days’
prior written notice of the date on which the books of the Corporation shall close or a record shall be
taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights or for determining rights to vote in respect
of any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, disposition, dissolution,
liquidation or winding up and (b) in the case of any such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, disposition, dissolution, liquidation or winding up, at least twenty (20) days’
prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place. Such notice in accordance with the
foregoing clause (a) shall also specify, in the case of any such dividend, distribution or subscription —
rights, the date on which the holders of Common Stock or Preferred Stock shall be entitled thereto
and such notice in accordance with the foregoing clause (b) shall also specify the date on which the
holders of Common Stock or Preferred Stock shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock or .
Preferred Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, disposition, dissolution, liquidation or winding up, as the
case may be.

63. Stock to be Reserved. The Corporation will at all times reserve and keep
available out of its authorized Common Stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon the
conversion of Preferred Stock as herein provided, such number of shares of Common Stock as shall
then be issuable upon the conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation
covenants that all shares of Common Stock which shall be so issued shall be duly and validly issued
and fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue
thereof, and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Corporation covenants that it will
from time to time take all such action as may be requisite to assure that the par value per share of the
Common Stock is at all times equal to or less than the applicable Conversion Price in effect at the
time. The Corporation will take all such action as may be necessary to assure that all such shares of
Common Stock may be so issued without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any
requirement of any national securities exchange upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The

-11-

C:\Documents and SettingsVoshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK 1\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL _(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)

Corporation will not take any action which results in any adjustment of the Conversion Price for any
series of Preferred Stock if the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and issuable after
such action upon conversion of the Preferred Stock would exceed the total number of shares of
Common Stock then authorized by the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

6K. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock that are
converted into shares of Common Stock as provided herein shall not be reissued.

6L. Issue Tax. The issuance of certificates for shares of Common Stock upon
conversion of Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to the holders thereof for any issuance
tax in respect thereof, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax which may
be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a
name other than that of the holder of the Preferred Stock which is being converted.

6M. Closing of Books. The Corporation will at no time close its transfer books
against the transfer of any Preferred Stock or of any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon the conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock in any manner which interferes with the timely
conversion of such Preferred Stock, except as may otherwise be required to comply with applicable
securities laws or the provisions of agreements entered into by the holder thereof.

6N. Mandatory Conversion. If at any time the Corporation shall effect a firm
commitment underwritten public offering of shares of Common Stock in which (i) the gross
proceeds to the Corporation for such shares is at least $25,000,000 and (ii) the price paid by the ©
public for such shares is at least $3.48 per share (appropriately adjusted to reflect the occurrence of
any event described in subparagraph 6F), then effective upon the closing of the sale of such shares
by the Corporation pursuant to such public offering, all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall
automatically convert to shares of Common Stock on the basis set forth in this paragraph 6. Holders
of shares of Preferred Stock so converted may deliver to the Corporation at its principal office (or
such other office or agency of the Corporation as the Corporation may designate by notice in writing
to such holders) during its usual business hours, the certificate or certificates for the shares so
converted. As promptly as practicable thereafter, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to such
holder a certificate or certificates for the number of whole shares of Common Stock to which such
holder is entitled, together with any cash dividends and payment in lieu of fractional shares to which
such holder may be entitled pursuant to subparagraph 6C. Until such time as a holder of shares of
Preferred Stock shall surrender his or its certificates therefor as provided above, such certificates
shall be deemed to represent the shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled
upon the surrender thereof.

60. Special Mandatory Conversion.

60(1) At 5:01 p.m. California time on September 19, 2007 (“Mandatory
Conversion Date”), all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be automatically
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate for such shares in
accordance with Section 60(4).

-[2-
CADocuments and Settings\ioshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK1\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
60(2) At 5:01 p.m. California time on the Mandatory Conversion Date, all
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be automatically converted into shares of
Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate for such shares in accordance with Section
60(4).

60(3) At 5:01 p.m. California time on the Mandatory Conversion Date, all
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be automatically converted into shares of
Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate for such shares in accordance with Section
60(4). .

60(4) The holder of any shares of Preferred Stock converted pursuant to this
paragraph 60 shall deliver to the Corporation during regular business hours or at the office of any
transfer agent of the Corporation for the Preferred Stock, or at such other place as may be designated
by the Corporation, the certificate or certificates for the shares so converted, duly endorsed or
assigned in blank to the Corporation. As promptly as practicable thereafter, the Corporation shall
issue and deliver to such holder, at the place desi gnated by such holder, a certificate or certificates
for the number of full shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled. The person in
whose name the certificate for such Common Stock is to be issued shall be deemed to have become a
stockholder of record on the Mandatory Conversion Date unless the transfer books of the
Corporation are closed on that date, in which event it or he shall be deemed to have become a
stockholder of record on the next succeeding date on which the transfer books are open.

60(5) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in subparagraphs 60(1),
6O(2) or 60(3), (i) the Mandatory Conversion Date may, with the written consent of the holders ofa
majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (calculated on an as-converted to Common
Stock basis) (the “Majority Holders”) delivered to the Corporation at any time and from time to
time, be deferred to such later date as shall be set forth in such written consent and (ii) the Majority
Holders may also elect in writing to waive the application of subparagraphs 60(1), 60(2) and 60(3)
such that the automatic conversions provided for therein do not occur.

6P. Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock
may be waived, either prospectively or retroactively and either generally or in a particular instance,
by the consent or vote of the holders of at least fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of such
series; provided, however, that the approval of seventy-five percent of the Series BB Preferred Stock
shall be required for any such waiver of the rights of the Series BB Preferred Stock. Any such
waiver shall bind all future holders of shares of such series of Preferred Stock.

7. Redemption. The shares of Preferred Stock shall be redeemed as follows:

7A. Optional Redemption. The Corporation shall not have the ri ght to call or
redeem at any time all or any shares of Preferred Stock. Upon the written election of the holders of
(x) not less than a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, consenting or voting
(as the case may be) together as a single class, (y) not less than seventy-five percent (75%) of the
then outstanding shares of Series BB Preferred Stock and (z) not less than a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series CC Preferred Stock, consenting or voting (as the case may be) as a
-13-

CADocuments and Settings oshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK1\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_(PALSB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
separate class, given at any time on or after May 19, 2009, the Corporation shall redeem, at one time
(the “Redemption Notice”), all of the then outstanding Preferred Stock from funds legally available
therefor (the “Redemption Date”). Upon receipt of the Redemption Notice, the Corporation will so
notify in writing all other persons holding Preferred Stock of the scheduled redemption in
accordance with paragraph 7C and shall include for redemption all outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock. After receipt of the Redemption Notice, the Corporation shall fix the date for redemption of
the Preferred Stock (the “Redemption Date”) provided that such Redemption Date shall occur at
least forty-five (45) days but not more than sixty (60) days after receipt by the Corporation of the
Redemption Notice. All holders of Preferred Stock shall deliver to the Corporation during regular
business hours, or at the office of any transfer agent of the Corporation for the Preferred Stock or at
the principal office of the Corporation or at such other place as may be designated by the
Corporation, the certificate or certificates for the Preferred Stock to be redeemed on the Redemption
Date, duly endorsed for transfer to the Corporation (if required by it) on or before the Redemption
Date.

7B. Redemption Price and Payment. The Preferred Stock to be redeemed on the
Redemption Date shall be redeemed by paying for each share in cash an amount equal to (a) the
Issuance Price, plus (b) an amount equal to all declared by unpaid dividends on each such share
through the date such share is redeemed, such amount being referred to as the “Redemption Price.”
Such payment shall be made in full on the Redemption Date to the holders entitled thereto with
respect to their shares being redeemed on such date.

7C. Redemption Mechanics. At least twenty (20) days prior to the Redemption
Date, written notice (the “Corporation Redemption Notice”) shall be given by the Corporation by
reputable overnight delivery service to each holder of record (at the close of business on the business
day next preceding the day on which the Redemption Notice is given) of shares of Preferred Stock
notifying such holder of the redemption and specifying the Redemption Price, the Redemption Date
and the place where the said Redemption Price shall be payable.

The Corporation Redemption Notice shall be addressed to each holder of Preferred
Stock at his address as shown by the records of the Corporation. From and after the close of
business on the Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in the payment of the
Redemption Price, all rights of holders of shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such
Redemption Date, (except the right to receive the Redemption Price) shall cease with respect to such
shares, and such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or be
deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation legally
available for redemption of Preferred Stock on the Redemption Date are insufficient to.redeem the
number of shares, if any, of Preferred Stock required under this paragraph 7 to be redeemed on such
date, those funds which are legally available will be used to redeem the shares of Preferred Stock to
be redeemed on such Redemption Date as follows: (1) first, shares of Series BB Preferred Stock and
Series CC Preferred Stock held by a holder thereof shall be redeemed to the extent funds are legally
available, pari passu on the basis of the aggregate Liquidation Preference Payments payable on such
shares pursuant to Section 4 of Article V hereof, and if funds remain legally available after
redeeming all shares of Series BB Preferred Stock and Series CC Preferred Stock, (2) second, shares
of Series AA Preferred Stock held by a holder thereof shall be redeemed to the extent funds remain

-14-
C:\Documents and Settings Joshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK1\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
legally available, pro-rata on the basis of the number of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock held by
such holder. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation become legally
available for the redemption of the Preferred Stock remaining outstanding, such funds will be used,
at the end of the next succeeding fiscal quarter, to redeem the balance of the shares of Preferred
Stock which the Corporation was theretofore obligated to redeem according to the provisions of the
preceding sentence.

7D. Redeemed or Otherwise Acquired Shares to be Retired. Any shares of
Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to this paragraph 7 or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in
any manner whatsoever shall be cancelled and shall not under any circumstances be reissued; and
the Corporation may from time to time take such appropriate corporate action as may be necessary to
reduce accordingly the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock.

ARTICLE V

The number of shares of authorized Common Stock of the Corporation may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting
together as a single class, notwithstanding any provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware to the contrary.

ARTICLE VI
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE VII

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless a stockholder demands election by
written ballot at the meeting and before voting begins or unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall
so provide.

ARTICLE VIII

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors
of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation, except as provided in this Corporation’s Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation.

ARTICLE Ix

1. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same
exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for a breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

2. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a

-15-

C:\Documents and Settings Joshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK l\Ageia_ AR Certificate of incorporation
FINAL _(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
director, officer or employee of the Corporation or any subsidiary or any predecessor of the
Corporation or any subsidiary or serves or served at any other enterprise as a director, officer or
employee at the request of the Corporation or any subsidiary or any predecessor to the Corporation
or any subsidiary.

3. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this ARTICLE IX, nor the adoption of any
provision of this Corporation’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with
this ARTICLE IX, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this ARTICLE IX, in respect of any matter
occurring, or any action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this ARTICLE IX, would
accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

-16-
C:\Documents and Settings oshua.Goodman\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK I\Ageia_ AR Certificate of Incorporation
FINAL_(PALIB2_3910405_5).DOC (46688)
