State of Delaware
Secreta of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 08:28 AM 05/20/2011
FILED 08:30 AM 05/20/2011
SRV 110581719 - 3681990 FILE

TIF TH AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AGRIVIDA INC.

(Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)

Agrivida Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the
provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “General Corporation
Law’),

DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

1. That the name of this corporation is Agrivida Inc., and that this
corporation was originally incorporated pursuant to the General Corporation Law on July 15,
2003, under the name Agrivida Inc. (the “Original Certificate of Incorporation”).

2. That the Original Certificate of Incorporation was amended and restated
on each of September 26, 2006, January 23, 2007, January 7, 2008 and December 16, 2008 (as
amended to date, the “Amended and Restated Certificate”),

3. That the Board of Directors duly adopted resolutions proposing to further
amend and restate the Amended and Restated Certificate, declaring said amendment and
restatement to be advisable and in the best interests of this corporation and its stockholders, and
authorizing the appropriate officers of this corporation to solicit the consent of the stockholders
therefor, which resolution setting forth the proposed amendment and restatement is as follows:

RESOLVED. that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended
and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

FIRST: The name of this corporation is Agrivida Inc. (the “Corporation” )

SECOND: The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of
Delaware is 160 GreenTree Drive, Suite 101, in the City of Dover, County of Kent, The name of
its registered agent at such address is National Registered Agents, Inc.

THIRD: The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is
to engage in any Jawful act or activitv for which corporations may be organized under the
General Corporation Law.

FOURTH: The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the
Corporation shall have authority to issue is (1) 29,909,401 shares of Common Stock, $0,001 par
value per share (“Common Stock’). and (ii) 17,512,317 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.00] par
value per share ("Preferred Stock”).

The following is a statement of the designations and the powers, privileges and rights,
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thercof in respect of each class of capital stock
of the Corporation.

i MNZSARIS 4 |
A. COMMON STOCK

I. General, The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the
Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of the holders
of the Preferred Stock set forth herein.

2. Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share
of Common Stock held at all mectings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of meetings).
The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not
below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by (in addition to any vote of the holders
of one or more series of Preferred Stock that may be required by the terms of the Certificate of
Incorporation) the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote. irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the Gencral
Corporation Law.

B. PREFERRED STOCK

Preferred Stock may be issucd from time to time in one or more series, each of such
series to consist of such number of shares and to have such terms, rights, powers and
preferences, and the qualifications and limitations with respect thereto, as slated or expressed
herein.

C, SERIES SEED, SERIES A AND SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK

880,027 shares of the authorized Preferred Stock of the Corporation are hereby
designated “Series Seed Preferred Stock”, 5,540,000 shares of authorized Preferred Stock are
hereby designated “Series A Preferred Stock”, 6,199,499 shares of authorized Preferred Stock
are hereby designated as “Series B Preferred Stock” and 4,892.791 shares of authorized
Preferred Stock are hereby designated as “Series B+ Preferred Stock” with the following rights,
preferences, powers, privileges and restrictions, qualifications and limitations, with the tollowing
rights, preferences, powers, privileges and restrictions, qualifications and limitations. Unless
otherwise indicated, references to “Sections” or “Subsections” in this Part C of this Article
Fourth refer to sections and subsections of Part C of this Article Fourth.

1. Dividends.

1.1 Series Sced Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside
any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation (other
than dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in
addition to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Certificate of Incorporation)
the holders of the Series Seed Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or
simultaneously reccive. a dividend on cach outstanding share of Scries Seed Preferred Stock in
an amount at least equal to the greater of (1) $0.06 per share of Series Seed Preferred Stock
(subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or
other similar recapitalization with respect to the Serics Seed Preferred Stock) per year from and
after the date of the issuance of any shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock (to the extent not
previously paid) and (ii) (A) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series
that is convertible into Common Stock, that dividend per share of Series Sced Preferred Stock as

y)

MME2SIRIB 4S
would equal the product of (1) the dividend payable on each share of such class or series
determined, if applicable, as if all shares of such class or series had been converted inte Common
Stock and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of
Series Seed Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record date for determination of
holders entitled to receive such dividend or (B) in the case of a dividend on any class or series
that is not convertible into Common Stack, al a rate per share of Seties Seed Preferred Stock
determined by (1) dividing the amount of the dividend payable on each share of such class or
series of capital stock by the original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock
(subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or
other stmilar recapitalization with respect to such class or series) and (2) multiplying such
fraction by an amount equal to the Series Seed Original Issue Price (as defined below); provided
that, if the Corporation declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of
more than one class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, the dividend payable to the
holders of Series Sced Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 1.] shall be calculated based upon
the dividend on the class or series of capital stock that would result in the highest Series Seed
Preferred Stock dividend. The foregoing dividend shall not be cumulative. The “Series Seed
Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.756895 per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the
event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with
respect to the Series Seed Preferred Stock.

1.2 Series A Preferred Stock. The Corporation shali not declare, pay or set aside any
dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation (other than
dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in addition
to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Certificate of Incorporation) the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or simultancously
receive, a dividend on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount at Icast
equal to the greater of (i) $0.08 per share of Series A Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock) per year from and after the date of
the issuance of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock (to the extent not previously paid) and (11)
(A) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that is convertible into
Common Stock. that dividend per share of Serics A Preferred Stock as would equal the product
of (1) the dividend payable on each share of such class or series determined, if applicable, as if
all shares of such class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (2) the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, in
‘ach case calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled to receive such
dividend or (B) in the case of a dividend on any class or series that is not convertible into
Common Stock, at a rate per share of Serics A Preferred Stock determined by (1) dividing the
amount of the dividend payable on cach share of such class or series of capital stock by the
original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate adjustment
in the event of any stock dividend. stock split. combination or other similar recapitalization with
respect to such class or series) and (2) multiplying such fraction by an amount equal to the Series
A Original Issue Price (as defined below): provided that, if the Corporation declares, pays or sets
aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one class or series of capital stock of
the Corporation, the dividend payable to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 1,2 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the class or series of capital stock that
would result in the highest Series A Preferred Stock dividend. The foregoing dividend shall not
be cumulative. The “Series A Original Issue Price” shall mean $1.00 per share, subject to

os)

EMER IE &
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split. combination or other
similar recapitalization with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock.

1.3 Series B Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside any
dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation (other than
dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in addition
to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Certificate of Incorporation) the
holders of the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or simultancously
receive, a dividend on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock in an amount at least
equal to the greater of (1) $0.226728 per share of Series B Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization with respect to the Serics B Prelerred Stock) per year trom and after the date of
the issuanee of any shares of Serics B Preferred Stock (to the extent not previously paid) and (it)
(A) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that is convertible into
Common Stock. that dividend per share of Series B Preferred Stock as would equal the product
of (1) the dividend payable on each share of such class or serics determined, if applicable, as if
all shares of such class or serics had been converted into Common Stock and (2) the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Scries B Preferred Stock, in
each case calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled to receive such
dividend or (B) in the case of a dividend on any class or series that is not convertible into
Common Stock, at a rate per share of Series B Preferred Stock determined by (1) dividing the
amount of the dividend payable on cach share of such class or series of capital stock by the
original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate adjustment
in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with
respect to such class or series) and (2) multiplying such fraction by an amount equal to the Series
B Original Issue Price (as defined below); provided that, if the Corporation declares, pays or sets
aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one class or series of capital stock of
the Corporation, the dividend payable to the holders of Serics B Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 1.1 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the class or series of capital stock that
would result in the highest Series B Preferred Stock dividend. The foregoing dividend shall not
be cumulative. The “Series B Original Issue Price” shall mcan $2.8341 per share, subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other
similar recapitalization with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock.

1.3 Series B— Preferred Stock. ‘The Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside any
dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation (other than
dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in addition
to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Certificate of Incorporation) the
holders of the Series B+ Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously
receive. a dividend on each outstanding share of Series B+ Preferred Stock in an amount at least
equal to the greater of (i) $0.226728 per share of Series B+ Preferred Stock (subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other
similar recapitalization with respect to the Series B+ Preferred Stock) per year from and after the
date of the issuance of any shares of Series B+ Preferred Stock (to the extent not previously paid)
and (ii) (A) in the ease of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that is convertible
into Common Stock, that dividend per share of Series B+ Preferred Stock as would equal the
product of (1) the dividend payable on cach share of such class or series determined. if
applicable. as if afl shares of such class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (2)

4

PNG ZSGRAB TS
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series B+
Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled
to receive such dividend or (B) in the case of a dividend on any class or series that is not
convertible into Common Stock, at a rate per share of Series B} Preferred Stock determined by
(1) dividing the amount of the dividend payable on each share of such class or series of capital
stock by the original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization with respect to such class or series) and (2) multiplying such fraction by an
amount equal to the Series B+ Original Issue Price (as defined below): provided that, if the
Corporation declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one
class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, the dividend payable to the holders of Series
B+ Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section L.1 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on
the class or series of capital stock that would result in the highest Series B+ Preferred Stock
dividend. ‘The foregoing dividend shall not be cumulative. The “Series B+ Original Issue
Price” shall mean $2.8341 per share. subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock
dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Series B+
Preterred Stock.

2. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up: Certain Mergers, Consolidations and
Asset Sales.

2.4 Payments to Holders of Preferred Stock. In the event of any voluntary or
involuntary liquidation. dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of
Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Scries B+
Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled, par? passu, to be paid out of the assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, and before any payment shall be made
to the holders of Common Stock or any other class or serics of capital stock ranking on
liquidation junior to the Preferred Stock (“Junior Stock”), by reason of their ownership thereof,
an amount per share equal to the greater of (W) with respect to the Series Seed Preferred Stock
(i) the Series Seed Original Issue Price, plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon, or (1)
such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock
been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 immediately prior to such liquidation,
dissolution or winding up (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is hereinafier referred to
us the “Series Seed Liquidation Amount”). (X) with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, (4)
the Scrics A Original Issue Price, plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon, or (ii) such
amount per share as would have been payable had al! shares of Series A Preferred Stock becn
converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 immediately prior to such liquidation,
dissohition er winding up (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is hereinafter referred to
as the “Series A Liquidation Amount”), (Y) with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, (1)
{wo (2) times the Series B Original Issue Price, plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon,
or Gi) such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series B Preferred
Stock been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 immediately prior to such
liquidation, dissolution or winding up (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is
hereinafter referred to as the “Series B Liquidation Amount”), and (Z) with respect to the
Serics B+ Preferred Stock, (i) the Series B+ Original Issue Price, plus any dividends declared but
unpaid thereon, or (ii) such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Scries
Bt Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Seetion 4 immediately prior
to such liquidation. dissolution or winding up (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is

IMaZS4858 4
hereinafter referred to as the “Series B+ Liquidation Amount”). For purposes of making the
calculations set forth in subsection (W)(ii), (X)(i). CY)Gi) and (Z)(ii) of the tmmediately
preceeding sentence. all shares of each serics of Preferred Stock that would receive a greater per
share liquidation preference if converted into Common Stock than remaining Preferred Stock
shall be treated as if they had been converted into Common Stock. If upon any such liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series Seed
Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred
Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled under this Subsection 2.1, the holders of
shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and
Series B+ Preferred Stock shall share ratably in anv distribution of the assets available for
distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect
of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to
such shares were paid in full.

2.2 Payments to Holders of Common Stock. In the event of any voluntary or
involuntary liquidation. dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. after the payment of all
preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock, the
remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be
distributed among the holders of shares of Common Stock. pro rata based on the number of
shares held by each such holder.

2.3. Deemed Liquidation Events.

2.3.1 Definition. Each of the following events shall be considered a
“Deemed Liquidation Event” unless the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock voting together as a single class elect
otherwise by written notice sent to the Corporation at least 10 days prior to the effective date of
any such event (provided. however that if such Decmed Liquidation Event would result in the
gross proceeds (inclusive of amounts subject to escrow or other contingency arrangements to
support the accuracy of representations of the Corporation or its stockholders, whether or not
such amounts are ultimately received by the stockholders of the Corporation) payable with
respect to each share of Series B Preferred Stock in an amount Jess than the Original Issue Price
for the Series B Preferred Stock (plus any dividends declared bul unpaid thereon}, such event
shall, nonetheless. be considered a Deemed Liquidation Event unless such written notice is also
endorsed by the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred

Stock, voting together as a separate class):

(a) a merger or consolidation in which
(i) the Corporation is a constituent party or
(ii) a subsidiary of the Corporation 1s a constituent party

and the Corporation issues shares of its capital
stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation,

except ay such merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or a subsidiary in which the
shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
consolidation continue to represent, or are converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock

6

IMIEZSARYS A
that represent, immediately following such merger or consolidation, at least a majority. by voting
power, of the capital stock of (1) the surviving or resulting corporation or (2) if the surviving or
resulting corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation immediately following
such merger or consolidation, the parent corporation of such surviving or resulting corporation
(provided that, for the purpose of this Subsection 2.3.1. all shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of Options (as defined below) outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
consolidation or upon conversion of Convertible Securities (as defined below) outstanding
immediately prior fo such merger or consolidation shall be deemed to be outstanding
immediately prior to such merger or consolidation and, if applicable, converted or exchanged in
such merger or consolidation on the same terms as the actual outstanding shares of Common
Stock are converted or exchanged); or

(b) the sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other
disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, by the Corporation or any
subsidiary of the Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the sale or disposition (whether by merger or otherwise) of one
or more subsidiaries of the Corporation if substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary or subsidiaries, except where such sale,
lease, transfer, exclusive license or other dispasition is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Corporation,

For purposes of this Section 2.3.1. “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe
lor, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities, and “Convertible
Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or
indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock. but excluding Options.

2.3.2 Amount Deemed Paid or Distributed. {[f the amount deemed paid

or distributed under this Subsection 2.3.2 is made in property other than in cash, the value of
such distribution shall be the fair market value of such property, determined as follows:

(a) [‘or securities not subject to investment letters or other similar restrictions
on free marketability,

(i) if traded on a securities exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market,
the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities
on such exchange or market over the 30-day period ending three days prior to the
closing of such transaction;

Gi) if actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be
the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three days
prior to the closing of such wansaction; or

(iii) if there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation.

(b) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letters or other
similar restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall take into account an appropriate
discount (as determined in good faith by the Board ef Directors of the Corporation) from the

IMIS S38 4}
market value as determined pursuant to clause (a) above so as to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof,

3. Voung.

3.1 General. On any matter presented to the stockholders of the Corporation
for their action or consideration at any mecting of stockholders of the Corporation (or by written
consent of stockholders in licu of meeting). cach holder of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common
Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder are convertible as of the
record date lor determining stockholders entitled to vete on such matter. Except as provided by
law or by the other provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. holders of Series Seed
Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B! Preferred
Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock, as a single class. Whenever
pursuant to the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation a matter requires the approval of
the holders of the Preferred Stock only, the holders of the Serics Seed Preferred Stock, Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock shall vote together as a
class and each holder shall be entitled to such number of votes as shall be equal to the whole
number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder’s aggregate number of shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date exclusive of any shares of Common Stock
held by such holder as of such date. Whenever pursuant to the provisions of this Certificate of
Incorporation a matter requires the approval of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock only. the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock shall vote together as a class and each holder shall be entitled to such number of votes as
shall be equal to the whole number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder's
ageregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock are
convertible as of the record date exclusive of any shares of Common Stock, Series Seed
Preferred Stock or Series B+ Preferred Stock held by such holder as of such date.

3.2 Election of Directors. ‘he holders of record of the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of
the Corporation (the “Series A Directors”). The holders of record of the shares of Series B
Preferred Stock. exclusively and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of
the Corporation (the “Series B Directors”). The holders of record of the shares of Serics A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. voting together exclusively as a single class, shall
be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Corporation (the “Series A and B Director”, and
together with the Series A Directors and the Series B Directors, the “Preferred Directors’).
The holders of record of the shares of Common Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect two (2) directors of the Corporation. Any director elected as provided in the
preceding sentences may be removed without cause by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the
holders of the shares of the class or series of capital stock entitled to clect such director or
directors, given cither at a special meeting of such stockholders duly called for that purpose or
pursuant to a written consent of stockholders. If the holders of shares of Serics B Preferred
Stock. Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock, as the case may be, fail to elect a sufficient
number of directors to fill all directorships for which they are entitled to elect directors, voting
exclustvely and as a separate class. pursuant to the first sentence of this Subsection 3.2, then any
directership not so filled shall remain vacant until such time as the holders of the Series B
Preferred Steck, Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock, as the case may be, elect a person
ta fl such directorship by vote or wrilten consent in licu of a meeting; and no such directorship
may be filled by stockholders of the Corporation other than by the stockholders of the
Corporation that are entitled to elect a person to fill such directorship. voting exclusively and as a
separate class. The holders of record of the shares of Common Stock and of any other class or
series of voting stock (including the Preferred Stock). exclusively and voting together as a single
class. shall be entitled to elect the balance of the total number of directors of the Corporation. At
any meeting held for the purpose of electing a director, the presence in person or by proxy of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the class or series entitled to elect such director
shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of electing such director. Except as otherwise provided
in this Subsection 3.2. a vacancy in any directorship filled by the holders of any class or series
shall be fied only by vote or written consent in ficu of a meeting of the holders of such class or
series or by any remaining director or directors elected by the holders of such class or series
pursuant lo this Subsection 3.2.

3.3 series A, B and B+ Preferred Stock Protective Provisions, At any time
when shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock
are outstanding, the Corporation shall not. cither directly or indirectly by amendment, merger,
consolidation or otherwise, do any of the following without (in addition to any other vote
required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation) the written consent or affirmative vote of the
holders of at feast a majority of the then outstanding shares of Serics A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock. given in writing or by vote at a meeting,
consenting or voting (as the case may be) together as a single class:

(a) liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the business and affairs of
the Corporation. effect any Deemed Liquidation Event, or consent to any of the foregoing:

(b) consent to or engage in any transaction or scries of
transactions relating to the acquisition or disposition of assets, business operations or securities
other than in the ordinary course of business, or enter into any new lines of business or
discontinue any current line of business without the consent ef the Board of Directors:

(c) create, or authorize the creation of, or issue or obligate
itself to issue shares of, any additional class or series of capital stock unless the same ranks junior
to the Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock with
respect lo the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation. the payment of dividends, redemption rights and voting rights, or increase the
authorized number of shares of any additional class or series of capital stock unless the same
ranks junior to the Serics A Preferred Stock, Series BR Preferred Stock and Serics B+ Preferred
Stock with respect to the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, the payment of dividends, redemption rights and voting rights:

(d) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of
Serics Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock or Series Bt
Preferred Stock:

(e} purchase or redeem (or permit any subsidiary to purchase
ev redeem) or pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution on. any shares of capital
stock of the Corporation other than (1) redemptions of or dividends or distributions on the Senes
Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock or Series B+ Preferred

9

tMMulis3s.e
Stack as expressly authorized herein. (i) dividends or other distributions payable on the
Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock and (iii) repurchases of
stock from former employees, oflicers, directors, consultants or other persons who performed
services for the Corporation or any subsidiary in connection with the cessation of such
employment or service at the lower of the original purchase price or the then-current fair market
value thereof or upon such other terms as approved by the Board of Directors, including the
approval of a majority of the Preferred Directors:

(f) create. or authorize the creation of, or issue, or authorize
the issuance of, any debt or debt security. on incur any indebtedness for money borrowed, or
permit any subsidiary to take any such action with respect to any debt or debt security or incur
any indebtedness for money borrowed, through any transaction or series of transactions, if (i)
with respect to any such indebtedness for money borrowed that is not secured (“Unsecured
Indebtedness”), including without limitation any capital leases and similar financing
arrangements, the aggregate Unsecured Indebtedness following such action would exceed
$500,000, or (11) with respect to any such indebtedness for money borrowed that is secured by
any equipment, real estate or other tangible assets of the Corporation (“Secured Indebtedness”),
the aggregate Secured Indebtedness following such action would exceed $1.000,000 in the
aggregate; provided, however, that, the Board of Directors shall approve any Unsecured
Indebtedness or Secured Indebtedness in amounts less than the amounts stated immediately
above:

(g) enter into any transaction for the purchase of real estate;

(bh) reclassify any Junior Securities into shares having any
preference or priority as to dividends or assets superior to or on a parity with any preference or
priority of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series B+ Preferred Stock;

(i} create, or hold capital stock in, any subsidiary that is not
wholly owned (either directly or through one or more other subsidiaries) by the Corporation, or
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any capital stock of any direct or indirect subsidiary of the
Corporation, or permit any direct or indirect subsidiary to sell. lease, transfer, exclusively license
or otherwise dispose (in a single transaction or series of related transactions) of all or
substantially all of the assets of such subsidiary;

(j) increase or decrease the authorized number of directors
constituting the Board of Directors:

(k) enter into any research agreement or significant business
partnership or joint venture with any person or entity, in which the Corporation solely receives a
wartant, option or other equity interest in such other entity or the joint venture or business
partnership in exchange for the Corporation’s services or contribution to such business
partnership or joint venture:

(I) enter into any transaction or series of transactions with any
officer, director, or employee, or any Affiliate thereat. which agreements in the aggregate exceed
$100,000 in annual value, other than arm’s length transactions in the ordinary course of business:
provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to matters of executive compensation,
including bonuses or perquisites paid or provided to officers and employees of the Corporation

10

tATU2548 98 4s
that have been approved by the Board of Directors, including the affirmative approval of a
majority of the Preferred Directors;

(m) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock: or

(n) issue any shares of Preferred Stock or any securities
convertible into or exercisable for shares of Preferred Stock. other than the issuance of shares of
Series B+ Preferred Stock pursuant to and in conformity with the Series B+ Preferred Stock
Purchase Agreement being entered into on or about the date hereof between the Corporation and
Purchasers (as defined therein);

For purposes of Section 3(]) above, “Affiliate” means with respect to any person
or entity (a “Person”) any Person which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is
under common contro! with such Person, including, without limitation, any partner, officer.
director, or member of such Person and any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing which
is controlled by or under common control with one ar more gencral partners or shares the same
management company with such Person, and any family member of such Person or any Affiliate
of such family member.

3.4 Series A_and B Preferred Stock Protective Provisions. At any time when
shares of Serics A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation
shall not, cither direetly or indirectly by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise, amend,
alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation in a
manner that adversely affects the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of, or the restrictions
for the benefit of, the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock without (in addition
to any other vote required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation) the written consent or
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, given in writing or by vote al a mecting,
consenting or voting (as the case may be) together as a single class.

3.5 Series B+: Preferred Stock Protective Provisions. At any time when shares
of Series B+ Preferred Stock are outstanding. the Corporation shall not, cither directly or
indirectly by amendment. merger, consolidation or otherwise, make any change to the powers,
preferences, or special rights of, or the restrictions for the benefit of. the Series B+ Preferred
Stock so as to adversely affect the Series B+ Preferred Stock, but not so affect the powers,
preferences, or special rights of. or the restrictions for the benefit of, the Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock without (in addition to any other vote required by law or the
Certificate of Incorporation) the written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B! Preferred Stock, given in writing or by vote
at a meeting. consenting or voting (as the case may be) as a separate class.

4. Optional Conversion.

The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the “Series Seed
Conversion Rights”, “Serics A Conversion Rights”, “Serics B Conversion Rights” and
“Series B+ Conversion Rights”, respectively):

sATLLaIS aa es
4.1 Right to Convert.

4.1.1 Conversion Ratio. Each share of Series Seed Preferred Stock shall
be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without
the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof. into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series Seed Original
Issue Price by the Series Seed Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The “Series Seed Conversion Price” shall initially be equal to $0.756895. Each
share of Serics A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any
time and from time to time, and without the payment of additional consideration by the holder
thereof. into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Series A Original Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price (as
delined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The “Series A Conversion Price” shall be
equal to $.9344262, Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of
the holder thereof. at any time and from time to time, and without the payment of additional
consideration by the holder thereof. into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series B Original Issue Price by the Series B
Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The “Series B
Conversion Price” shal] be equal to $2.8341, Each share of Series B+ Preferred Stock shall
be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without
the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series B+ Original
Issuc Price by the Series B+ Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The “Series B+ Conversion Price” shall be equal to $2.8341. Such initial Series
Seed Conversion Price, Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price and Series B:
Conversion Price. and the rate at which shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of
Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided below.

4.1.2 Termination of Conversion Rights. In the event of a notice of
redemption of any shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6, the Serics Seed Conversion
Rights, Series A Conversion Rights, Series B Conversion Rights and the Series B+ Conversion
Rights of the shares designated for redemption shall terminate at the close of business on the last
full day preceding the date fixed for redemption, uniess the redemption price is not fully paid on
such redemption date, in which case the Conversion Rights for such shares shall continue until
such price is paid in full. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation or a Deemed Liquidation Event. the Series Sced Conversion Rights, Series A
Conversion Rights, Series B Conversion Rights and Series B+ Conversion Rights shall terminate
at the close of business on the last full day preceding the date fixed for the payment of any such
amounts distributable on such event to the holders of Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock.

4.2. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of the Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock or Serics B+ Preferred Stock. In leu of any fractional shares to which the holder would
otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair
market value of a share af Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors
of the Corporation. Whether or not fractional shares would be issuable upon such conversion

}2

pMOTS4KGK 4
shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock.
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series B+ Preferred Stock the holder is at
the ume converting into Common Stock and the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion.

4.3 Mechanics of Conversion.

4.3.1 Notice of Conversion. In order for a holder of Preferred Stock to
voluntarily convert shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall
surrender the certificate or certificates lor such shares of Preferred Stock (or, if such registered
holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit
and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against
any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or
destruction of such certificate), at the office of the transfer agent for the Preferred Stock (or at the
principal office of the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent), together
with written notice that such holder elects to convert all or any number of the shares of the
Preferred Stock represented by such certificate or certificates and, if applicable, any event on
which such conversion is contingent. Such notice shall state such holder’s name or the names of
the nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common
Stock to be issued. If required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall
be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form
satisfactory to the Corporation. duly executed by the registered holder or his, her or its attorney
duly authorized in writing. The close of business on the date of receipt by the transfer agent (or
by the Corporation if the Corporation serves as ifs own transfer agent) of such certificates (or lost
certificate affidavit and agreement) and notice shall be the time of conversion (the “Conversion
Time’), and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares represented by
such certificate shall be deemed to be outstanding of record as of such date. The Corporation
shall, as soon as practicable after the Conversion Time. issue and deliver to such holder of
Preferred Stock. or to his. her or ils nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance with the provisions
hereof, a certificate for the number (if any) of the shares of Preferred Stock represented by the
surrendered certificate that were not converted into Common Stock, and cash as provided in
Subsection 4.2 in lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such
conversion and payment of any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred Stock
converted,

4.3.2 Reservation of Shares. The Corporation shal} at all times when
any shares of Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its
authorized but unissued capital stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Prelerred
Stock, such number of its duly authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Preferred Stock; and if at any time the
number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall take such
corporate action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without
limitation. engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary
amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation. Before taking any action which would cause an
adjustment reducing the Series Seed Conversion Price. the Series A Conversion Price, the Scrics

13

MIQSAHIK
B Conversion Price or the Series B+ Conversion Price below the then par value of the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Scries Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series B+ Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take any
corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the
Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
al such adjusted Series Seed Conversion Price, Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion
Price or Series B+ Conversion Price, as applicable.

4.3.3 Effect of Conversion. All shares of Preferred Stock that shall have
been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding
and all riphts with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at the
Conversion Time, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common
Stock in exchange therefor and to receive payment of any dividends declared but unpaid thereon.
Any shares of Preferred Stock so converted shall be retired and cancelled and may not be
reissucd as shares of such series, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action
(without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized number
of shares of such series of Preferred Stock accordingly.

43.4 No Further Adjustment. Upon any such conversion, no
adjustment to the Serics Seed Conversion Price shall be made for any declared but unpaid
dividends on the Series Seed Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common
Stock delivered upon conversion. Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the Series A
Conversion Price shall be made for any declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon conversion. Upon
any such conversion, no adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price shall be made for any
declared but unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion or on
the Common Stock delivered upon conversion, Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the
Series B+ Canversion Price shall be made for any declared but unpaid dividends on the Scries
B+ Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon

conversion.

4.3.5 ‘Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other
similar taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares of Common
Stock upon conversion of shares of Preferred Siock pursuant to this Section 4. The Corporation
shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in
which the shares of Preferred Stock so converted were registered, and no such issuance or
delivery shall be made unless and until the person or entity requesting such issuance has paid to
the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of the
Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

44 — Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. Ifthe Corporation shall at
any time or from time to time after the date hercof (the “Series B+ Original Issue Date”) effect
a subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock without a corresponding subdivision of the
Series Seed Preferred Stock. Series A Preterred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series B-+
Preterred Stock. the Series Seed Conversion Price, Series A Conversion Price, Series B
Conversion Price and/or the Series B+ Conversion Price, as applicable, in effect immediately
before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased so that the number of shares of

14

PNEIISAR IS AY
Common Stock issuable on conversion of cach share of such series shall be increased in
proportion to such increase in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. If
the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Scries B+ Original Issue Date,
combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock without a corresponding combination of the
Series Seed Conversion Price. Series A Conversion Price. Series B Conversion Price or Series
B+ Conversion Price, then the Serics Seed Conversion Price, Series A Conversion Price, Serics
8 Conversion Price and/or the Series B+ Conversion Price, as applicable, in effect immediately
before the combination shall be proportionately increased so that the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of cach share of such series shall be decreased in
proportion to such decrease in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding,
Any adjustment under this subsection shall become effective at the close of business on the date
the subdivision or combination becomes eflective.

4.5 Adjustment tor Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time afier the Series B+ Original Issue Date shall make
or issuc, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to
receive, a dividend or other distribution payable on the Common Stock in additional shares of
Common Stock, then and in each such event the Series Sced Conversion Price, Series A
Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price and Series Bt Conversion Price in effect
immediately before such event shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event
such a record date shal} have been fixed, as of the clase of business on such record date, by
multiplying the Series Seed Conversion Price, Series A Conversion Price, Scries B Conversion
Price and the Series B+ Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

(1) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares
of Common Stock issucd and outstanding immediately
prior to the time of such issuance or the close of business
on such record date, and

(2) the denominator of which shall be the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the close
of business on such record date plus the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is
not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Series Seed
Conversion Price, Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price and Series Bt
Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date
and thereafter the Series Seed Conversion Price, Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion
Price and Series B! Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this subsection as of the time
of actual payment of such dividends or distributions; and (b) that no such adjustment shall be
made if the holders of Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and Series B+ Preletred Stock, as applicable, simultaneously receive a dividend or other
distribution of shares of Common Stock in a number equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock as they would have received if all outstanding shares of such Scries Seed Preferred Stock.
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series B+ Preferred Stock, as the case inay
be, had been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

I

A

{MUSES 3Q 0
4.6 Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Series B! Original [ssue Date shall make
or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to
receive. a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the Corporation (ofher than a
distribution of shares of Common Stock in respect of outstanding shares of Common Stock) or in
other property and the provisions of Section | do not apply to such dividend or distribution, then
and in each such event the holders of Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock.
Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock shall reecive, simultancously with the
distribution to the holders of Common Stock. a dividend or other distribution of such securities
or other property in an amount equal to the amount of such securities or other property as they
would have received if all outstanding shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock. Serics A Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series B+ Preferred Stock, as applicable, had been converted
into Common Stock on the date of such event.

4.7 Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization. etc. Subject to the provisions
of Subsection 2.3, if there shall occur any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
consolidation or merger involving the Corporation in which the Common Stock (but not the
Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Scrics B Preferred Stock or Series B+
Preferred Stock) is converted into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property: (other than

recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger, each share of Series Seed Preferred
Stock. Serics A Preferred Stock. Scrics B Preferred Stock and/or Series B+ Preferred Stock, as
applicable, shall thereafter be convertible in lieu of the Common Stock into which it was
convertible prior to such event into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property
which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation issuable upon
conversion of one share of Series Seed Preferred Stock, Serics A Preferred Stock. Serics B
Preferred Stock ov Series Bt Preferred Stock. as applicable. immediately prior to such
reorganization, recapitalization. reclassification, consolidation or merger would have been
entitled to reecive pursuant to such transaction: and. in such case, appropriate adjustment (as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) shall be made in the
the hoklers of the Series Sced Preferred Stock, Serics A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred
Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock, as applicable, to the end that the provisions set forth in this
Section 4 Gncluding provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the Series
Seed Conversion Price, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and/or Scries B+
Conversion Price, as applicable) shal! thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in
relation to any securities or other property thereatier deliverable upon the conversion of the
Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and/or Serics B+
Preferred Stock, as applicable,

A8 Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of cach adjustment or
readjustment of the Series Seed Conversion Price, Series A Conversion Price, Series B
Conversion Price or Series B+ Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its
expense shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable but in any event not later than 10 days
thereafler, compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and
furnish to each holder of Series Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and/or Series B+ Preferred Stock. as applicable. a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment (including the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property

16

SMERSARAS E
into which such series of Preferred Stock is convertible) and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, as promptly as
reasonably practicable alter the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock (but
in any event not later than 10 days thereafter), furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a
certificate setting forth (i) the Series Seed Conversion Price, Series A Conversion Price, Series B
Conversion Price and Series B~ Conversion Price then in effect, and (ii) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities, cash or property which then would be
received upon the conversion of such series of Preferred Stock,

4.9 Notice of Record Date. In the event:

(a) the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of its
Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock) for the purpose of entitling or enabling them to receive any dividend or other
distribution, or to receive any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any
class or any other securities, or to receive any other security; or

(b) of any capital reorganization of the Corporation, any
reclassification of the Common Stock of the Corporation, or any Deemed Liquidation Event: or

(c) of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution. liquidation or
winding-up of the Corporation,

then, and in each such case, the Corporation will send or cause to be sent to the holders of the
Preferred Stock a notice specifving, as the case may be, (i) the record date for such dividend,
distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, or Gi)
the effective date on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, transfer,
dissolution, Jiquidation or winding-up is proposed to take place, and the time, if any is to be
lixed, as of which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or
securities at the time issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock) shal! be entitled to
exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or securities) for securities
or other property deliverable upon such reorganization. reclassification, consolidation, merger,
transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, and the amount per share and character of such
exchange applicable te cach series of Preferred Steck and the Common Stock. Such notice shall!
be sent at least 10 days prior to the record date or effective date for the event specified in such

notice,

5. Mandatory Conversion.

5.1 Triggcr Events. Upon either (a) the closing of the sale of shares of
Common Stock to the public in a firm-commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, resulting in al least
$50,000,000 of gross proceeds to the Corporation (a “Qualified Public Offering”), or (b) the
date and time, or the occurrence of an event, specified by vote or written consent of the holders
of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, provided.
however that if an automatic conversion pursuant to this clause “(b)” of this Section 5.1 is
effected in connection with and not earlier than 60 days prior to the Corporation’s entering into
an agreement for a Deemed Liquidation Event in which the gross proceeds (inclusive of amounts

17

{AMIZSARRS
subject to escrow or other contingency arrangements to support the accuracy of representations
of the Corporation or its stockholders. whether or not such amounts are ultimately reccived by
the stockholders of the Corporation) payable with respect to cach share of Series B Preferred
Stock are less the Original Issue Price tor the Serics B Preferred Stock (plus any dividends
declared but unpaid thereon) such automatic conversion shall not be eflective with respect to the
Series B Preferred Stock unless such automatic conversion has also been approved by the vote or
written consent of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Scries B Preferred
Stock. voting together as a separate class (the time of such closing or the date and time specified
or the time of the event specified in such vote or writen consent is referred to herein as the
“Mandatory Conversion Time”), (i) all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Cammen Stock, at the then effective conversion rate
and (1) such shares may not be reissued by the Corporation.

5.2 Procedural Requirements. Ai] holders of record of shares of Preferred
Stock shall be sent written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Time and the place designated
for mandatory conversion of all such shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5. Such
notice need not be sent in advance of the occurrence of the Mandatory Conversion Time. Upon
receipt of such notice, each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall surrender his, her or its
certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if such holder alleges that such certificate has
been lost. stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to
the Corporation to indemnity the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the
Corporation on account of the alleged loss. theft or destruction of such certificate) to the
Corporation at the place designated in such notice. Tf so required by the Corporation, certificates
surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or
instruments of transfer. in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered
holder or by his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. All rights with respect to the
Preferred Stock converted pursuant to Section 5.1, including the rights, if any, to receive notices
and vote (other than as a holder of Common Stock), will terminate at the Mandatory Conversion
Time (notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender the certificates at
or prior to such time}, except only the rights of the holders thereof, upon surrender of their
certificate or certificates (or lost certificate allidavit and agreement) therefor, to receive the items
provided for in the next sentence of this Subsection 5.2. As soon as practicable after the
Mandatory Conversion ‘Time and the surrender of the certificate or certificates (or lost certificate
affidavit and agreement) for Preferred Stock. the Corporation shall issue and deliver to such
holder. or to his, her or its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of
Common Stock issuable on such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof, together

otherwise issuable upon such conversion and the payment of any declared but unpaid dividends
on the shares of Preferred Stock converted. Such converted Preferred Stock shall be retired and
canecHed and may not be reissued as shares of such sertes. and the Corporation may thereafter
take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to
reduce the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock accordingly.

6, Redemption.

6.) Redemption. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock shall be redeemed by the Corporation out of funds lawfully available therefor at a price

18

SESS o DRL
equal to the sum of (i) in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series A Original Issue
Price per share, plus all declared but unpaid dividends thereon (the “Series A Redemption
Price”). (0 in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock. the Series B Original Issue Price per
share, plus all declared but unpaid dividends thereon (the “Series B Redemption Price”), and
(iil) in the case of the Series B+ Preferred Stock, the Series B+ Original Issue price per share,
plus all declared but unpaid dividends thereon (the “Series B+ Redemption Price”), in three
annual installments commencing 60 days after reecipt by the Corporation at any tine on or after
December 11, 2013, from the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, Serics B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock voting together
as a single class, of written notice requesting redemption of all shares of Serics A Preterred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock (the date of cach such installment
being referred to as a “Redemption Date’), On each Redemption Date, the Corporation shall
redeem, on a pro rata basis in accordance with the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock.
Series B Preferred Stock and Series Bt Preferred Stock owned by each holder for which
redemption has been requesied pursuant to this Section 6.1, that number of outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock. Serics B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock determined by
dividing (i) the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and
Series B+ Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Redemption Date by (ii) the
number of remaining Redemption Dates {including the Redemption Date to which such
calculation applies): proyided, however, that Excluded Shares (as such term is defined in

this sentence. If the Corporation does not have sufficient funds legally available to redeem on
any Redemption Date all shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Scries B Preferred Stock and Series
B: Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem a
pro rata portion of each holder’s redeemable shares of such capital stock out of funds legally
available therefor, based on the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect
of the shares to be redeemed if the legally available funds were sufficient to redeem all such
shares, and shall redeem the remaining shares to have been redeemed as soon as practicable after
the Corporation has funds legally available therefor. Notwithstanding the requirements and
obligations sct forth in this Subsection 6.1, the Corporation shall not redecm, and shall have no
obligation to redeem, any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Serics
B+ Preferred Stock for as long as all or any portion of the indebtedness represented by that
certain promissory note issued by the Corporation and dated October 15, 2010. remains
outstanding.

6.2 Redemption Notice. Written notice of the mandatory redemption (the
“Redemption Notice’) shall be sent to cach holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock, Series
B Preterred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock not less than 40 days prior to cach Redemption
Date. Each Redemption Notice shall state:

(a) the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and/or Series B+ Preferred Stock held by the holder that the Corporation shall
redeem on the Redemption Date specified in the Redemption Notice;

(b) the Redemption Date and the Redemption Price:
(c) the date upon which the holder’s right to convert such

19

Mo2Sak ig 4 t
(d) that the holder is to surrender to the Corporation, in the
manner and at the place designated, his, her or its certificate or certificates representing the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series B+ Preferred Stock to be
redeemed.

If the Corporation receives, on or prior to the 20th day afier the date of delivery of the
Redemption Notice to a holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or
series B+ Preferred Stock. written notice from such holder that such holder elects to be excluded
from the redemption provided in this Section 6, then the shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series }3 Preferred Stock and/or Scries B+ Preferred Stock registered on the books of the
Corporation in the name of such holder at the time of the Corporation’s receipt of such notice
shall thereatier be “Exeluded Shares”. Excluded Shares shall not be redeemed or redeemable
pursuant to this Section 6. whether on such Redemption Date or thereafter.

6.3 Surrender of Certificates: Payment. On or before the applicable
Redemption Date, cach holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series B+ Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such Redemption Date, unless such holder has

certificate or certificates representing such shares (or, if such registered holder alleges that such
certificate has been lost, stolen or destroved, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably
acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made
against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate) to
the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and
thereupon the Series A Redemption Price, Series B Redemption Price or Series B+ Redemption
Price, as applicable, for such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name
appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof. Jn the event less than all of the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series 8 Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock
represented by a certificate are redeemed. a new certificate representing the unredeemed shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall promptly be issued to such holder.

6.4 Rights Subsequent to Redemption. If the Redemption Notice shall have
been duly given, and if on the applicable Redemption Date the Series A Redemption Price,
Series B Redemption Price and Series B+ Redemption Price payable upon redemption of the
shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock. as
applicable. to be redeemed on such Redemption Date is paid or tendered for payment or
deposited with an independent payment agent so as to be available therefor, then notwithstanding
that the certificates evidencing any of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock or Serics B+ Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall not have been surrendered,
dividends with respect to such shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and
Series B-- Preferred Stock shall cease to accrue after such Redemption Date and all rights with
respect lo such shares shall forthwith after the Redemption Date terminate, except only the right
of the holders to receive the Series A Redemption Price, Series B Redemption Price or Series Bi
Redemption Price. as applicable. without inferest upon surrender of their certificate or
certificates therefor.

7. Redeemed_or Otherwise Acquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Preferred

Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B+ Preferred Stock that are redeemed or otherwise
acquired by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall be automatically and immediately

20)

INDLSAK ES DS
cancelled and retired and shall not be reissued, sold or transferred. Neither the Corporation nor
any of its subsidiaries may exercise any voting or other rights granted to the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock. Serics B Preferred Stock or Series B+ Preferred Stock following redemption.

8. Notices. Any notice required or permitted by the provisions of this Article Fourth
to be given to a halder of shares of Preferred Stock shalt be mailed, postage prepaid, lo the post
office address last shown on the reeords of the Corporation, or given by clectronic
communication t compliance with the provisions ol the General Corporation Law, and shall be
deemed sent upon such mailing or electronic transmission.

FIFTH: Subject to any additional vote required by the Certificate of
Incorporation, 9 furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board
of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or all of the
Bylaws of the Corporation.

SIXTH: Subject to any additional vote required by the Certificate of
Incorporation, the number of directors of the Corporation shall be determined in the manner set
forth in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

SEVENTH: Ulections of directors necd not be by written ballot unless the
Bylaws of the Corporation shal! so provide.

EIGHTH: Mectings of stockholders may be held within or without the State
of Delaware, as the Bylaws of the Corporation may provide. The books of the Corporation may
be kept outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to
time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

NINTIL: To the fullest extent permitted by law, a director of the Corporation
shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or iis stockholders for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty as a director, H the General Corporation Law or any other law of the
State of Delaware is amended aller approval by the stockholders of this Article Ninth to
authorize corporate action further climinating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then
the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be climinated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by the General Corporation Law as so amended,

Any repeal.or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article Ninth by
the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director
of the Corporation existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director of the
Corporation with respect lo any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to, such repeal
or modification.

TENTH: The following indemnification provisions shall apply to the persons
enumerated below,

1. Right to_Indemnitication of Directors and Officers. The Corporation shall
indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently
exists or may hereafter be amended, any person (an “Indemnified Person") who was or 1s made
or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil. criminal, administrative or investigative (a "Proceeding"). by reason of the fact

21

IMaZSASAR 4
that such person, or a person for whom such person is the legal representative. is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation or. while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was
serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer. employce or agent of another
Corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, limited Hability company, trust, enterprise or
nonprotit entity. including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all lability and
loss sulfered and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred by such Indemnified
Person in such Proceeding. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise
provided in Section 3 of this Article Tenth, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify an
Indemnified Person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such
Indemnified Person only if the commencement of such Proceeding (or part thereof) by the
Indemnified Person was authorized in advance by the Board of Directors.

2, Prepayment of Expenses of Directors and Officers. The Corporation shall pay the
expenses (including attomeys' fees) incurred by an Indemnified Person in defending any
Proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that, to the extent required by
law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be
made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Indemnified Person to repay all amounts
advanced if it should be ultimately determined that (he Indemnified Person is not entitled to be
indemnified under this Article Tenth or otherwise.

3. Claims by Directors and Ollicers. Ifa claim for indemnification or advancement
of expenses under this Article Tenth is not paid in full within 30 days alter a written claim
therefor by the Indemnified Person has been received by the Corporation, the Indemnified Person
may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and. if successful in whole or in part,
shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the
Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to the
requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law.

4. Indemnification of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may indemnily and
advance expenses to any person who was or is made or is threatened to be made or is otherwise
involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that such person, or a person for whom such
person is the legal representative. is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or, while an
employee or agent of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
director. officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture,
limited liability company, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity. including service with respect to
employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorney's
fees) reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding. The ultimate
determination of entitlement to indemnification of persons who are non-director or officer
employees or agents shall be made in such manner as is determined by the Board of Directors in
its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the Corporation shall not be required
to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person if the Proceeding
was not authorized in advance by the Board of Directors.

5. Advancement of Expenses of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may pay
the expenses (including attorney's fees) incurred by an employee or agent in defending any
Proceeding in advance of its final disposition on such terms and conditions as may be determined
by the Board of Dircelors,

PMMODSGBIS
6. Non-Exelusivity of Rights. ‘The rights conferred on any person by this Article
Tenth shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire
under any statute, provision of the certificate of incorporation, these by-laws, agreement, vote of

stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

7, Other Indemnification. The Corporation's obligation. if any, to indemnify any
person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer er employee of another
Corporation, partnership. limited ability company, joint venture, trust, organization or other
enterprise shall he reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification trom such
other Corporation, partnership, limited hability company, joint venture, trust, organization or
other enterprise.

8. Insurance. The Board of Directors may. to the full extent permitted by applicable
law as it presently exists, or may hereafter be amended from time to time, authorize an
appropriate officer or officers to purchase and maintain at the Corporation's expense insurance:
(a) to indemnify the Corporation for any obligation which it incurs as a result of the
indemnification of directors, officers and employees under the provisions of this Article Tenth;
and (b) to indemnify or insure directors, officers and employees against liability in instances in
which they may not otherwise be indemnitied by the Corporation under the provisions of this
Article Tenth.

9, Amendment or Repeal. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of
this Article Tenth shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any person in
respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. The
rights provided hereunder shall inure to the benetit of any {ndemnified Person and such person's
heirs, executors and administrators.

ELEVENTH: The Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of the
Corporation in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any Excluded Opportunity.
An “Excluded Opportunity” is any matter. transaction or interest that is presented to, or
acquired. created or developed by, or which otherwise comes into the possession of, (1) any
director of the Corporation who is not an employee of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries,
or (11) any holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, any affiliate of any
such holder. or any partner, member, director, stockholder, employee or agent of any such holder
or any such affiliate, other than someone who is an employee of the Corporation or any of its
subsidiaries (collectively, “Covered Persons”), uniess such matter, transaction or interest is
presented 10, or acquired. created or developed by. or otherwise comes into the possession of. a
Covered Person directly as a result of such Covered Person’s capacity as a director of the
Corporation.

4, That the foregoing amendment and restatement was approved by the
holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accardance with Section 228 of
the General Corporation Law.

5. That this Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which
restates and integrates and further amends the provisions of this corporation’s Certificate of

i)
a)
Incorporation. has been duly adopted in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General
Corporation Law.

IMBZSANIE =f
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of
lncorporation has been executed by a duly authorized officer of this corporation on this /e¢2 day
of May, 2011,

» KML, vf

i ft Raab, President
