NED

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
- Delivered 05:28 PM 09/13/2006
FILED 05:28 PM 09/13/2006
SRV 060847323 - 3432430 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AIR2WEB, INC.

Air2Web, Inc. a corporation organized and existing. under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Company”, hereby certifies as follows:

ONE: = The date of. filing the origindl Certificate of ‘Incorporation of ‘this company
with the Secretary of State of the. State of Delaware was.September 17, 2001. The First
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorpotation of this company was filed with the Secretary
of State‘of thie State of Delawate on March ‘4, 2004. The Certificate of Amendment to the First
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this company was filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware on December 6, 2005.

7 TWO: = Jeff L. Cagle is the dily elected and acting Chief Financial Officer of the
Company.

THREE: The Certificate of Incorporation of the Company is hereby amended. and
testated to'read as fellows:

I.
The name of the Company is Air2Web, Inc.
I,

The address’ of the registered office of this Company in the State of Delaware is 9 East
Loockerman Street; City of Dover, County-of Kent, Zip Code 19901, and. the name of the
registered agent. of this Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is National
Registered Agents, Inc.

Ti.

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful ect or ‘activity for which a.
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL”).

A. ‘The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to bé designated,
respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. The total number of shares which the
Company is authorized to issue is 22,698,550 shares, 16,500,000 shares of which shall be
Common Stock (the “Common Stock’) and 6,198,550 shares of which shall be Preferred Stock
x

(the “Preferred Stock"). The Preferred’ Stock shall have a par value of.$0.001 per share and the
Common Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share.

B. The. number of authorized. shares of Commion Stock may be increased. or
decreased (but. not below the number ‘of shares of Common. Stock then ontstanding) by: the
affirmative vote of-the holders of:a majority of the.stock of the Company entitled to, vote (voting.
together ag a'single class on an as-iRcoiiverted: ‘baais).

C. 3,675,029 of the authorized shares of Prefirred Stock are: hereby designated
“Series A-1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series A-1. Preferred”) and.2,523,521 of the authorized shares’
of Preferred Stock are hereby designated ‘Series A-2 Preferred Stock” (the “Series A-2.
Preferred,” and, together with the Series A-1 Preferred, the “Serjes A Preferred”).

D.. _ Immediately upon the filing of this Second Amended. and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the “Effective’ Titre”), each share.of the Company's Common Stock outstanding.
immediately prior to the Effective Time (the “Old Common. Stock”) will be converted,
aufoniatically and without farther action, iafo 0.05 of a share-of Conimon Stock (the “Reverse

Stock Split”), The Revetse Stock Split shall be effected on a stock cartificate-by-stock certificate
basis, and any fractional shares resulting: from the Reverse Stock Split shall be rounded up to the
nearest whole share, Beginning at the Effective. Time, each stock certificate representing shares
of Old Common Stock will be deemied for all corporate purposes to evidence ownership of the
number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Old Common Stock
previously represented by such stock certificate shall have been. converted in the Reverse Stock
Split, whether or. not any or all of the certificates for shares of Old Comision Stock shall have
been eutrendered or certificates evidencing:shares of the Common ‘Stock ‘into which the shares of
Old Common Stock previously represented” by such stock certificate shall have been converted in
the Reverse Stock Split shall have been issued,

All references to numbers and amounts in this Second Amended and Restated
Certificate. af Incorporation (including numbers and amounts: stated in the text) shall be
deamed to give effect to the Reverse Stock Spilt.

E. The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the
respective classes of the shares of capital stock or the holders thereof are as follows:

1. DIVIDEND. RIGHTS.

a. Holders of Series A-1 Preferred, in preferenpe to fhe holders of
Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors
(the “Board”), but only out of funds thet are legally available therefor, cash dividends at.the rate
of eight percent (8%) of the Original Isaue Price (as defined below) per annum on each
outstanding share of Series A-1 Preferred. Such dividends shal] be payable only when, as and if
declared by the Board and shall be: non-cumulative,
b. The “Original issue Price’ of the: Series. A Preferred shall be.
$4.0816 per share (as. adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations.and
the like with respeot to such shares after the filing date hereof).

c. So. long as any shares of Series A-1 Preferred-are-outstanding, the
Company shall not pay or declare any dividend, whether in cash ar property,.or make any other.
distribution on the Common Stock, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for value any
shares of Common Stock until all dividends as set forth in Section 1(a) above on the Series A-1
Preferred shall have been paid or-declared an:set apart, except for:

(1) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company ftom
‘providers of services to the Company ‘pursuant to agreements: which. permit. the Company: to-
“repurchase such shares at.cost (or the: lesser of cost or fair matket valué) upon, termination. of:
services to the Company,

(2) acquisitions of Common Stock in éxercise of the
Company's right of first refusal to reptitchase: such shares; or

. (3) distributions to holders. of Common Stock. in accordance
with Sections.3 and 4.

d. In the.event dividends are -paid.on any:share of Common Stock, the
Company-shall pay-an additional dividend on afl outstanding shares of Series A Piroferred in a per
‘share: amount equal (on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set
aside for each.share.of Common Stock.

cm The provisions of Sections 1(c) and 1{d) shall not apply to a
dividend payable solely in Commori Stock to which the provisions of Section 5(f) hereof are
applicable, or any repurchase of any outstanding securities of the Company that is approved by
(i) the Board and (ii) the Series A Preferred, as may be required by this Certificate of

a. General Rights, Each holder of shares of Common Stock issued
-and outstanding shall have one vote per share of Common Stock, and each holder of-shares of the
Series A Preferred shall be entitled to the number of votes per share of Series A Preferred equal
to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such share of Series A Preferred could be
converted (pursuant to Section 5 hereof) immediately after the close of business on the record
date fixed for such mecting or the-effective date of such written consent and shal]. have voting
rights and powers equal to the voting fights and powers of the.Conimion Stock and shall be
entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the. Company.
‘Except as otherwise provided herein or as, required by law, the Series A Preferred shall vote
together with the Common Stock at:any anmual or special meeting of the stockholders and not.as
a separate class, and may act by written consent in the same manner as the Common Stock.
Fractional votes by the holders of Preferred Stock shall not be permitted and any fractional voting.

3.
rights shall (after-aggregating all -sharea:into which shares of Proferred. Stock -held by each holder
could be converted) be rounded yp to the nearest whole number, Holders of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders meeting in accordance with the
bylaws. of the Company.

b. Separate Vote of Series A Preferred. For so long as at least.
2,500,000 shares of Series A Preferred (subject to adjustment for atiy stack split, reverse stock
split or other’ similar event affecting the Series A Preferred after the filiig date hereof) remain
outstanding, in-wddition to any other Vote or consent required -hotein or by law, the:vote or written
consent of‘the holders of at least seventy percent (70%) of the outstanding Series. A Preferred
shall be necessary for effecting or validating the following actions (whether by merger,
recapitalization or:otherwise):

(1) Any action that alters or changes the liquidation
preferences, dividend preferences, conversion rights, redemption rights, voting rights or other
powers, preferences, or other special rights, privileges or restrictions of either series of the Series
A Preferted;.

(2) — Any ‘increase or decrease in the autherized number of
shares of Cominon Stock or Preferred Stock, ificluding, without limitation, any-authorization of
“blank check’ Preferred Stock;

(3) Any authorization or any designation, whether by
reclassification or otherwise, of any new class or series. of stock or any other securities
convertible into. equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series:
A Preferred in right of redemption, liquidation preference, voting or dividend rights or any
increase in the authorized or designated number of any such new class or series, including
without limitation, the creation.or modification of any management “carve-out” plan or similar
plan regarding the distribution of proceeds in connection with an Asset Transfer or Acquisition
other than pursnant to Section 3.hereof

(4) Any redemption, repurchase, payment or declaration of
dividends or other distributions with respect to Common Stock or Preferred Stock other than
dividends required pursuant to Section | hereof (except for acquisitions of Common Stock by the
Company permitted by Section L(c}i), (ii) and (iii) hereof that are approved by the Board, and
redemptions required by Section 6:hereof);

(Ss) Any agreement by the Company or its stockholders
reparding an Asset Transfer or Acquisition (each as defined in Section 4 hereof);

(6) Any voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the.
Company;

(7) Any agreement by the Company. regarding the acquisition
of any entity or business of a material size;
(8) Any amendment, alteration; or repeal of any provision of
this: Second. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorparation (including ‘any filing of a
Certificate of Designation) or any amendment, alteration, repeal or waiver of any provision of the
Bylaws of the Company;

(9) ~— Any action. that results in the Company. being disregarded.
as-an entity for U.S. state or federal income tax purposes; or

(10) Any increase or decrease. in fhe authorized number of
members of the Company's Board.

c. Election of Board of Directors.

(J) For so long as 918,757 shares of Series -A+1 Preferred
remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split; reverse stock-split er similar event
affecting the Series A-1 Preferred after the filing date hereof), the holders of Series A-1
Preferred, voting as a separate olass, shall be entitled to. elect otis (1}:imember of the Board (the
“Series .A-1. Director”) at each meeting or pursuant ta each consent of the. Company's
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove. from office the Series A-]. Director and
to fill any vacancy caused by the: resignation, death or removal of the Series A-1 Director. At any
such time as fewer than 918,757 shares of Series A-1 Preferred remain outstanding (subject to
adjustment for any stock split; reverse. stock split or similar event affecting the Series A-1
Preferred after the filing dat¢ hereof), then any director elected in-accordance with this Section
2(c{i) then serving on the Board shall. be subject to: the provisions-of Section 2(c)iv) and. shall
no Jonger be. aubject to the provisions:of this Section 2(cX(i).

@) For so jong as 612,505 shares of Series A-2 Prefeyred.
remain: outstanding (subject to adjustmeitt'for any stock split, reverse: stock split or'similar event
affecting the Series A-2 Preferred after the filing date hereof}, the holders of Series A-2
Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board (the
“Sertes A-2 Director’) at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office the Sertes A-2 Director and
to fill any vacancy-caused by the resignation, death or removal of the Series A-2 Director. At any:
such time as fewer than 612,505 shares-of Series A-2 Preferred remain outstanding (subject to
adjusthnents: for any stock split, reverse stot. split or similar event affecting thé Series A-2
Preferred after the filing date hereof), then any director elected in acoordance with this Section
.2(eX{ii) then serving on the Board shall be subject-to the provisions of Section 2(c)({iv) and shall
no longer be-subject to the provisioris of this Section 2(¢){ii).

(3) The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the Company’s stockholders forthe election of directors, and to remove from office

such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resigtiation, death or removal of such
directors.
(4) The holders of Common Stack and Series A Preferred,
voting together asa single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all
Temaining members of the Board at each mesting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s
stockholders, for the election. of directors, and-to remove from office such directors:and to fill any
vacancy cdused:by the resignation, death or removal-of such directors.

3; LIQUIDATION RIGHTS..

a. Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary (a “Liguidation Bent’), before. any distribution or payment
shall be made to the holders of any Common Stock, the assets of the. Company, including,
Without limitation, the consideration Tecsived in‘eny Acquisition or Asset Transfer (as such teims
are defined in Section 4 below), legally: available for distribution (collectively: with any amounts
payable purauant to a Carye-Qut Plan (as defied below), the Proceeds”) shall be distributed
anid reserved for distribution, 8 applicable, ds follows:

(i) First, (a) ‘the holders of Series A Preferred shall -be
distributed an amount of Proceeds per. share of Series A Preferred equal to the Original Issue
Price of such. share, plus all declared and unpaid dividends on. such share and (b) if a Carve-Out.
Plan (as defined below) oxists, up to $2,000,000 of the Proceeds shall be reserved. for distribution
pursuant to the terms of the Carve-Out Plan.. If, upon any such Liquidation Event, the Proceeds
shall be-insufficient-to make.a distribution er reservation for distribution, as applicable, in full in
accordance with the preceding sentence, then ‘the-Procesds shal} be allocated as follows; (x)-if &
Garve-Out Plan is then in effect, the Proceeds. shall first. be. allocated. between ‘the holders of
Series.A Preferred at the time outstanding, on the.one hand, and the Carve-Out, Plan, on the other
hand, ratably in proportion to the apgregate Proceeds to which the holders of Series A Preferred,
on the one harid, and the Cafve-Out Plan, on the other hand, would otherwise be respectively
entitled pursuant to the first sentence of this paragraph (i), with the Proceeds that are allocated to
the holders of Series A Preferred at the time outstanding distributed among ‘such holders ratably

in proportion to the full amounts to ‘which they would otherwise be. respectively entitled, and the
Proceeds that ‘are allocated to the Carve-Out Plan reserved for distribution pursuant to the terms
of: the Carve-Out Plan, “€arve-Out Plan” shall refer collectively ‘to any then-effective
management carve-out pldn that is approved by the Board (including the affirmative approval of
the Series A-1 Director and the Series. A-2. Director) and that by their terms are to be fimded
solely in accordance: with this. Section 3, if: auy;-arKl

(2) Second, after the distribution and. reservation for
distribution, as applicable, of the full amounts described in the first senterice of paragraph (i)
above, (a) the holders of Series A-2 Preferred shall be distributed an amount of Proceeds per
share of Series A-2 Preferred equal to the Original Issue Price of such share, plus all declared and
unpaid dividends on such share and (b) if.a Carve-Ont Plan exists, up to $2,000,000 of the
Proceeds (in addition to the $2,000,000 of Proceeds reserved for distribution pursuant. to
paragraph. (i) above) shall be reserved ‘for distribution pursuant to the terms of such Carve-Out
Plan. If, upon any such Liquidation Event, the Proceeds shall be insufficient to make a
distribution or reservation for distribution, as applicable, in full in accordance with'the preceding
sentence, then the Proceeds shall be allocated as follows: (x) if’a Carve-Out Plan is then in effect,

6.
the Proceeds shall first be allocated between the holders of Series A-2 Preferred at the time
outstanding, on:the one-hand, and the Carve-Out Plan, on the other hand, ratably in proportion’to:
the aggregate Proceeds to which. the holders of Series A-2 Preferred, on the one ‘hand, and the
Carve-Out Plan, on the other hand, wauld otherwise be respectively entitled pursuant to the first,
sentence of this paragraph (ii), with the Proceeds tiat are allocated to the. holdérs-of Series A-2
Preferred at the time outstanding distributed. among such holders ratably in proportion to the full
amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled, and the Proceeds that are
aie to the Carve-Out Plan reserved for distribution pursuarit to the terms of the Carve-Out
an

b. After the distribution and reservation for distribution, as
applicable, of the fyll. amounts described in the-respective: first.sentences.of paragraphs (i) and
(ii) of Section 3{a) above, arly rertiaining Proceeds shall. be distributed ratably to the holders of
the Commion Stock and Series: A Preferred on an as-if-converted to. Conmior Stock basis.

4, ACQUISITION OR ASSET TRANSFER RIGHTS.

a, In the event that-the Company is a party to an Acquisition or Asset
Transfer, then each holder of Series. A Preferred and each participant in a Carve Out Plan (if anny)
shall be entitled to receive, for each share of Series A Preferred then hield-and, if applicable, in
accordance with the Carve Out: Plan, out of the proceeds of such Acquisition or Asset Transfer
(inelusive.of any amounts to be paid pursuant toa Carve Out.Plan), theamourtt of cash, securities:
ot other propérty to which such holder would be entitled to teceive in. Liquidation Eveiit
pursuant to Sections.3(a) and 3(b) above.

b. For the purposes of this Section 4: (i) “Acquisition” shall mean
(A) any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or other
emtity or pétson, or any other corporate reorganization, other than. any suchconsolidstion, merger
or reorganization in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such
consglidation, merger or rearganization, continus to hold at least-a Ingjority of the voting power
of the surviving ‘entity in substantially the same proportions (or, if the surviving entity is a wholly:
owned subsidiary, its parent) immediately after such consolidation, merger.or reorganization; or
(B) any transaction or series of related transactions to which. the Company i is-a party in which in
excess of fifty percent (50%) of the Company’s voting power is transferred; provided that an
Acquisition shall not include any: transaction or series of transactions principally for bona fide
equity financing purposes in which cash is received by the Company or any successor or
indebtedness of the Company is cancelled or converted or a combination thereof; and (ii) “Assez
Transfer” shall méan a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially afl
of the (x) assets of the Company or (y) intellectual property of the Company.

c. In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be
received is securities of a corporation or other property other than cash, its value: will be deemed
its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board on the date. such determination.is
made.

3. CONVERSION RIGHTS.
The holders of the Series A Preferred shall have the following rights with
respect to the conversion of the Series A Preferred into shares of Common Stack (the.
“Conversion Rights’):

a Optional ‘Conversion. Subject’ to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 5, any shares of. Series A Preferred may, at:the option of the holder, be
converted. at any time into fully-paid-and nonassessable shares of Common Stock, The number
of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series A Preferred shall te entitled upon
conversion shill be the’ product: obtained by multiplying the “Series A Prefetred Conversion
Rate” then.in effect (determined as provided in Section 5(b)) by the number of shares of Series A
Preferred being converted.

b. Series A Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate in
effect at any time for conversion of thi:Séiies A Preferred (the: "Series A Preferred Conversion.
Rate”). shall be the quotient. obtained by dividing the Original Issue Price of the Series A
Preferred by the “Series.A Preferred Conversion Price”, calculated as provided in Section 5(c).

c. Series A Preferred Conversion Price. The conversion price for
the Series A Preferred shall initially be the Original Issue Price of the Series A Preferred (the
“Series A Preferred Conversion Price}. Such initial Series A-Preferred Conversion Price shall
be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series A
Preferred Conversion Price herein stall mean’ the Series A Preferred Conversién Price as so
adjusted.

d. § Mechanicsof Conversion. Each holder of Series A Preferred who
desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to. this Section 5 shall
surrender the certificate or cettificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office-of the Company or
any: transfer agent for the Series A Preferred, and shall give’written notive to the Company at
such office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of.
shares of Series A Preferred being converted. Thereupon, the Company shall promptly issue and
deliver at such office to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which such holder is entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the:
extent.sufficient funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at. the Common
Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of such conversion), any
declared and unpaid dividends onthe shares of Series A Preferred beg converted. and (ii) in
cash (at.the, Common Stock’s: fair market value determined by ‘the Board a3 of the date of
conversion) the value of any fractional siare of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any holder
of Series A Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made at the close of
business on the date of such surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Series A
Preferred to. be converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion shall be-treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares
of Common Stock on such date.

& Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If at any time
or from time to time on or after the date ‘that the first share of'Series A Preferred is issued (the.
“Original Issue Date’) the Company effects a subdivision of the outstanding. Common Stock

8.
without a corresponding subdivision of the Series. 4 Preferred, the Series A. Preferred Conversion
Price in efféct immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased.
Conversely, if at any time or from time to tinte after the Original Issue Daté the ‘Company
combines the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares without a
coitesponding combination of the Series A Prefetred, the Series A. Preferred Conversion Price in
effect immediately before the: combination shall be proportionately increased: Any adjustment
under this Section .5(¢) shall become effective at the close of business.on the date the subdivision
or combination becomes effective.

f. Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends. and Distributions.
If at any time or from time to time.on or after the Original Issue. Date the Company pays to
holders of Common Stock a dividend or other distribution in-edditional shares of Common Stock:
without a corresponding, dividend. or other: distribution. to holders: of Preferred: Stock, the Series. A

provided below:

(1) The Series A Preferred Conversion Piice shall be adjusted
by multiplying the Series A Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

. (a) the numerator of which is the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately priorto the time of such issuance, and

(b) ~~ the denominator of which. is the total number of
shares-of Common’ Stock issued and outstanding, immediately prior to: the time of such issuance
plus the ‘number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution;

(2) If the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution, the Series A
Preferred Conversion Price shall be fixed. as of the close of businéss on such record date.and the
number of shares of Common Stack shall be calculated ‘immediately prior to the close af
business‘on such record date; and

(3)  If-stich tecord dafe is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is ‘not fully rnade-on the date fixed therefor, the Series.A Preferred.
Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the cloge:of business on such record date:
and thereafter the Series A Preferred Conversion Price shall.be adjusted. pursyant to this Section
5(f) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

gE Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, Substitution,
Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. If at any time or from time to. time.on or after the
Original Issue Date the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred is
changed irito the same-or a different number of shares of any class-or classes of stock, whether by
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise. (other'than an Acquisition or
Asset Transfer as defined in Section 4 or a subdivision or combination of shares or stock.
dividerid provided for elsewhere in this Section 5), in any such event. each holder of Series A

9.
Preferred shall then have the-right to convert such stock:into ‘the kind and:amount of stock and
other securities arid property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation or other change by holders of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
into whioh such shares. of Series A Preferred. could have beon. converted immediately prior to
such recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or charge, all subject to further.
adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities Or property by the terms
thereof. In any such case, appropriate ‘adjustment shall be made in the application of the.
provisions of this Section. 5 with respect.to the. rights of the holders of Series A Preferred after
fhe capital reprganization, to the end that the provisions of this Section: 5 (including adjustment
of the Series A Preferred Conversion Price then in effect and the niimber of shares’ issuable upon
conversion. of the Series A Prefered) :shall ke applicable after: that event :and be: as nearly
equivalent as practicable.

h, Sale of Shares Below Series A Preferred Conversion Price.

Q) Tf at any time or from time to time on or after the Original
Issue. Date ‘the Company issnes or sells, or is deemed by the ‘express provisions of this
Section 5(h) to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined. in paragraph
(v) below), otliet than as provided in Sedtion 5(e), 5(f) or 5¢g) above, for axi Effective Price (as
defined in: paragraph (v) below) fess than'the then effective Series A. Preferred Conversion Price.
(a “Qualifying Dikutive Issuance’’), then and in. each such, case, the then. existing Series A
Preferred ‘Conversion Price shall be reduced, ai of the operiing of business on the date of slich
issue ot sale, to'a price detetmined by multiplying the Series A Preferred Corivérsion Price in
effect immediately prior to such issuance or:sale by a fraction:

(a) the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock decimed: outstanding (a8 determined below) immedistely prior to such
issue or sale, plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the Aggregate
Consideration (as defined in paregraplt (iii) below) received or deemed. received by the Company
for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock 86 issued would purchase at such
then-existing Series A Preferred Conversion Price, and

(>) the denominator of which shal] be the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding immediately prior to such issue or sale plus the
total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.

For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shates of “Common Stock
deemed outstanding” as of a given date shall be the sum of (x) the number of shares of Common
Stack outstanding, (y) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the then outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day immediately
preceding the given date, and (z) the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable
upon the exercise or conversion of all other rights, options and convertible securities outstanding
on the day immediately preceding the given date.

(2) No adjustment shall be made to the Seties A Preferred
Conversion Price in an amount Jess than one cent ($0.01) per share. Any-adjustment required by

10,
this Section 5(h) shall be rounded to the nearest one cent ($0:01) per share. Any adjustment
otherwise required 'by this Section 5(h) that is not required to be made dup to the preceding two
sentences shall be included in any subsequent adjustment to the Series A Preferred Conversion
Price.

(3) For the purpose of making any: adjustment required under
this Section 5(h), the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any“issue.or sale of
securities (the “Aggregate Consideration”) shall be defined’ as: (A) ‘to the extent it consists of
Cash, the gross-ainount of cash received by the Company before deduction-of any underwriting or
similar commissions, compensation of concessions paid or allowed by the Company in
connection with such issue ‘or sale and without deduction of any expenses payable by the
Company, (B)'to the extent it consists of property other than cash, the fair value of that property
as determined in good faith by the Board, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock,
ConvertibJe Securities (as defined. in paragraph (iv) below) or rights ar. options to purchase either.
Additional Shuyres of Common, Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with
other stock or securities or other assets of the Company. for a consideration which covers both,
the:portion ef the consideration so: received that may be reasonably determined in’ good faith by.
the Board to be allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or.
rights or options.

(4) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this
Section 5(h), if the Company issues or sells-(x) Preferred Stock or other stock, options, warrants,
purchase rights or other securities convertible into, Additional Shares of Common Stock (such
convertible stock or securities being herein referred to as “Convertible Securities") or (y) rights.
oroptions for the: purchase of Additional Shares of Common Stock or.Convertible: Securities, and
if the Effective Price of such Additional Shares of Common. Stock is less than the Series A.
Preferred Conversion Price, ij each case'the Company shall be deemed to have issued at the time:
of the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maxintim number of
' Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable:upon exercise ox conversion thereof and to have
received as consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal fo the total amount of.
the consideration, if any, received by the Company for the issuance of such rights or options or
Convertible Securities plus:

(a) in the case of such rights or options, . the minimum
amounts. of consideration, if any, payable to the Company irpon ‘the exergise of such rights or.
options; and

(b) in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion thereof (other
than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by ‘such Convertible Securities);
provided that if the minimum amounts of such consideration cannot be ascertained, but are a
function of antidilution or similar protective clauses, the Company shat! be deemed to have
received the miriimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses.

If the minimum amount of consideration payable to ‘the Company
upon the exercise or conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is reduced over time

It.
or on the otcurrence or non-cccurrence of specified events other than by reason of antidilution
adjustments, the Effective Price shall.be recalculated using the figure to which.such minimum
amount of consideration is reduced; Provided JSucther, thet if the minimym amount of
corisidération payable to the:Ce y upon the exercise or coitversion of such rights, options or
Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price: shall'be again recalculated
using the:increased:minimum.asmount of consideration payable tothe Company upon the exercise:
or- conversion of such rights, options or. Convertible Securities.

No further adjustment of the Series A Preferred Conversion Price,
as adjusted upon the issuance:of such rights, optioxis or Convertible Securities, shall be made asa
result of the actual issuance of. Additional Shares of Common Stock or the exercise of any such
rights or optiong ar the conversion of ary such Convertible Securities. If any: such rights or
options of the conversion privilege. represented by any such Cotiyertible Seturities.shall expire’
without: having been exercised, the Seties A Preferred Conversion Price as adjusted upon the
issuance: of such rights, options or Convertible Securities ‘shall. be readjusted ‘to the Series A
Preferred Conversion Price which would have been in effect had.an adjustment been made on the
basis that the only Additional Shares of Comman Stock so issued were the Additional Shares of
Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise of such rights or options or rights
of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such Additional Shares of Common Stock, if
any, were issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the Company upon such
exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Company for the granting of all
such rights or options, whetlier or-not exercised, plus the consideration received for issuing or
selling the Convertible Securitiés actually converted, plus the consideration, if any, actually
received by the Company (other than by cancellation of liabilities or- obligations evidenced by
such Convertible Securities) on the.conversion of-such Convertible Securities, provided that such
readjustment shall not apply to prior conversions of Series A Preferred.

(5) For the purpose of making any adjustment to ‘the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred required under this Section §(h), “Additional Shares
of Comman Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to.
be issued pursuant to this Section 5(h) {including shares of Common Stock subsequently
reacquired or retired by the Company), other than:

(2) shares of Common: Stock issued upon.conversion of
the Series A Preferred;

(b) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.
issued after the Original Issue Date to employees, officers or direstors of, or consultants or
advisors to the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or
other arrangements that are approved by the Board;

(c) shares. of Common. Stock issued pursuant to the
exercise of Convertible Securities outstanding as.of the Original Issue Date;
(4) shares of. Common Stack or Convertible Securities:
issued for consideration other then cash pursnant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition, strategic
alliance or similar business combination approved by the Board;

(¢) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued pursuant to. any equipment foan-or leasing-arrangement, real property: leesing arrangement
or-debt. financing from a bank or similar financial Institution approved, by the Board;

{f) shares of Common Stock issued putsuant to an
offective fegistration statemerit'under the Sedirities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securittes.
Act”) that. results'in the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred into shares of
Common Stock; and

(g) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued as a dividend or distribution-on:the Series A Preferred.

References to Commion. Stock: in the subsections of this clause (v) above shall
mean all shares. of Common, Stock isgued.by the Company or deemed to.be-issued pursuant to
this Section 5(h).. The “Effective Prive” of Additional Shares of Comtnon Stock shall mean the
quotient determined by dividing the total. number. of Additional Shares‘ of Comman Stock issued.
or sold,:or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company under this Section 5(ti), into the
Aggregate Consideration received, of deénied to have been recéived by the Company for such.
issue under this Section 5(h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event that the
number of shares of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the: Effective Price cannot be.
ascertained at the time of issuance, such Additional Shares. of Common.Stock shall be deenied.
issued immediately'upon the occurrence of the fitst event tliat makes. such number. of shares or
thé Effective Price, as applicable, ascertainable:

(6) —_ Inthe event that the Company isses.or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares. of Common Stock in.a Qualifying’ Dilutive Issuance:
(the “First Ditutive Issuance’), then in' the event that the Company i issues or'sells, or is deemed:
to have issued. or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock ina Qualifying Dilutive Issuance.
other than the First Dilutive Issuance as a part of the same transaction or series of related
transactions as the First Ditutive Issuance (a “Subsequent Dilutive Issuance’), then and in each
such case upon a Subsequent: Dilutive Issuance-the Series A Preferred. Conversion, Price shall be
reduced to the Series A Preferred Conversion Price that would have:been in effect had the First.
Dilutive Issuance and each Subsequent Dilutive Issuance all occurred on the closing date of the
First Dilutive Issuance.

i, Certificate of Adjustment, In each case of an adjustment, or
readjustment of the Series A Preferred Conversion Price for the nuniber of shares. of Common
Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred, if the Series A
Preferred is then convertible pursuant ‘to this Section 5, the Company, at its expense, shall
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the provisions hereof and shall,
upon request, prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and-shall mail such
certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of Series A Preferred so

13,
requesting at the holder’s address as shown in the Company’s books. The certificate shall set
forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail the facts-upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based, including a statement of (i) the consideration received or deemed to be
received by the Company for any Additional Shares of Common. Stock issued or sald or deemed
to-have been issued or sold, (il) the Series A Proferred Conversion Price at the time in effect, (iii).
the:number of Additional Shares.of Common. Stock and (iv) the type.and amount, if any, of other
property which-at the time woilld be-teceivad apon-canversion of the Series A Preferred. Failure
to request or provide such notice shall have no-éffect.on any such adjustment.

j. Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of a
record of the halders of any class of securities for the purpose.of determining the holders thereof
who are-entitled to.receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ii), any Acquisition or other
capital reorganization of the Company, any réclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock
of the Company, any merger or consolidation‘of the Company with-or into any other corporation,
any-Asset Transfer or any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidstion.or winding up of the:
Company, the Company shall majl to each holder of Series A Proforred at least ten (10) days
pfior to (x) the record date, ifany, spevified therein, or (y) if no record date is specified, the date
upon which such action is to‘take effect:(or, in either case, such shorter period approved by the
holders of seventy percent (70%) of the ontstanding Series A Preferred) a notict specifying (A)
the date on which any such record is to.be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution
and a description of such dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition,
reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger; Asset Transfer, dissolution,
liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to be
fixed as to wheti the holders.of record of Cominon Stock (or other secntities) shall be entitled to.
exchange their shares of Common Stock (or-ether securities) for securities or other property
deliverable upon such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation,
merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up..

k. Automatic Conversion.

(1) Bach share of Series A Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective Series A Preferred
Conversion Price, (A)-at any time upon the affirmative election of the Holders of at least seventy.
percent (70%) of the outstanding shares of the Series. A Preferred, or (B) immediately upon the
closing of a firmly underwritten public offeting pursuant to. dn effective registration statement:
under the Securities Act covering: the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the:
Company in. which (i) the per share price of the Common Stock fo be issued and sold in such
offering multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
the closing of such offering fesults in a product of $200,000,000 or more and (ii) the gross cash
proceeds to. the Company. (before underwriting discounts, commissions and: fees) are at least
$30,000,000. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall‘be the-sum of (x) thé ‘numiber of shares of
Common Stock outstanding, (y) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediately preceding the given date, and (z).the number of shares‘of Common Stock which are
issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all other rights, options and convertible. securities

14.
outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given date. Upon such automatic. conversion,
any declared. and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the ‘provisions .of
Section. 5(d).

(2) Upon ‘the occurrence of either of the events specified in
Section 5(k)(i) above, the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such:shares and whether or not:the
- certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent;
provided, however, that the Company:shall not be obligated to: issue certificates evidencing the
shares.of Common: Stock issuable upon such conversion unless ‘the certificates evidencing such.
‘Shares.of Series A Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided
‘below, or the holder notifies the Cofapany or its transfer agent that such. certificates: have been
lost, stolen or destioyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the: ‘Company to indemnify the
Company from-any Joss incurred by. itin connection with such certificates.. Upon the occurrence.
-of such automatic conversion of the Series-A Preferred, the holders of Series A ‘Preferred shall
surrender the certificates representing such shares, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred. Thereupon, there shall be issued and. delivered to
‘such holder promptly at such office.and in its name as shown on such swrendered certificate or
certificates, a certificate or certificates for the nuniber of shares of Common Stock into which'the
‘shares of Series A Preferred surrendered. were convertible on the date.on which such automatic.
conversion eccurred, and any.declared and unpaid dividends sball be paid in. accardance with the
provisions of Section 5(d).

L Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of-Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of Series A Preferred. All shares- of Common. Stock (including.
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series A Preferred by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated | for. purposes of determining whether the cortversion would
coriversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu: -of
‘issuing any fractional share, pay-cash.equal to the. product of such fraction multiplied by the fair
‘market value of one share of Comman: Stock (as determined by the Board) on’ the date of
conversion,

m. Reservation of Stock Issuable. Upon: Conversion. The Company
shall:at-all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred,
such number of its shares of Common: Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient:to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the. Series A Preferred. If at any time the number. of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares:of the Series A Preferred, the Company will take such corporate
action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to
such number of'shares as shalf'be sufficient for such purpose.

n. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5
shall be in writing and shall be deomed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party
to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal

15.
“business hours of the recipient; if nat, then. on the next business day, (iii) five (5) days after.
having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv)
one (1) day after deposit with a nationally: recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at
the addréss of such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

0. Payinent of Taxes: The Compariy will pay all taxes (other thatr
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to
the issue: or delivery of shares: of Common Stock. upon conversion pf shares of Series A
Preferred, excluding any tax of other charge iniposed in connection with-any trarisfer mvolved in
the issue and delivery of shares ‘of Common Stock-in a-name other than:that in which the shares.
of Series.A Preferred so converted were registered.

6. REDEMPTION.

: a The Company shall be obligated to redeem the Series A Preferred
as: follows:

(1) The“holders of at least a.majotity of the then outstanding
shares.of Series: A Preferred, voting together as‘ separate class, may-require the Company, to the
extent it may lawfully do 80, to fédeem all of the then outstanding Series A Preferred in a single
installtrent not prior to the fourth (4"): anniversary of the Original Issus Date {the “Redemption
Date"), pravided that the Company shall receive at least sixty (60) days prior to the Redemption
Datr written notice of such election of the Series A Preferred. The Company shall effect such
redemption on the Redemption Date by paying-in cash in exchange for the shares of Series A.
Preferred a.sum equal to the Original Issue Price per share of Series A Preferred (as adjusted for
any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like after the filing date
hereof) plus declared-and uripaid dividerids-with respect to such shares. The-total amount to: be.
paid for the Series A Preferred. is hereinafter referred to as the “Redemption, Price.” Shares
subject te redemption pursuant to this Section 6(d) ‘shall be redeemed fro gach holder of Seiies
A Preferred on a pro rata basis, based on the number of shares of Seriés A Preferred then held.

(2) At least thirty (30) days but no more than. sixty (60) days
prior to the Redemption Date, the Company shall send a notice (a “Redemption Notice’) to all
holders of Series A Preferred to be.redeemed setting forth (A) the Redamption Price for the
shares to be redeemed; and (B) the place at which such holders niay obtain payment of the
Redemption Price upon surrender of their shate certificates. Ifthe Company does not have
sufficient furids‘legally available to redeem all shares to be redeemed, then it shall so notify such
holders and shall redeem such shares pro rata (based on the portion of the aggregate Redemption
Price payable to them) to the extent possiblé and shall redeem: the remaining shares to be
redeemed as goon as sufficient funds are legally available.

b. On or prior to the Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit the
Redemption Price of all shares to be redeemed with a bank or trust company having aggregate
capital and surplus in excess. of $100, 000, 000, as a trust fund, with irrevocable instructions and
authority to the bank or trust. company to pay, on and after such Redemption Date, the

16.
Redemption Price of the shares to their respective holders upon the: surrender of their share
certificates. Any moneys deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 6(b) for the
redemption of shares thereafter conveited into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 5
hereof.no latet:than the fifth Sth) day preceding the Redemption:Date shall. be: returned to: the
Company forthwith upon such conversion. The balance of any: funds. deposited bythe Company
pursuant to this Section 6(b) remaining unclaimed.at the expiration of one (1):year, following the
‘Rederaption Date shall be returmed to the Contpany promptly ‘apon ‘its written requiest.

c. On or‘after the Redeniption Date, each holder of shares of Series A
Preferred shall surrender such holder’s certificates representing such shareg to the Company in.
the.manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption
Price of such shares shall be payable to ‘the ordet of the person whose namie appears on such
-certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered ‘cerifficate shall be canceled.
In the event less than all the shares represented by such certificaies are redeemed, a new
certificate shall be issued representing fhe unredeemed shares. From and after the Redemption
Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price’or the Company
is unable:to pay the: Redemption Price dug {o-not having sufficient legally availéble funds, all
rights of the holder of such shares as holder of Seties A Preferred (except the right to ret¢ive the
Redemption Price ‘without interest upon surrender of their certificates), shall cease :and terminate
with respect to: such shares; provided that in the event that. shares of Series A Preferred are not
redeemed due.to a default in payment by the Company or because the Company. does not have
sufficient legally available funds, such shares of Series A Preférred shall remain outstanding and
shall be entitled to-all of the rights and preferences provided herein until redeemed.

d. In. the event of a call. for redemption of any shares of Series A.
Preferred, the Conversion Rights (as defined iti Section 5) for-such Series A Preferred shall
tetminate:.as to thé shares designated for redemption at the tlose of” ‘business on the last business
day preceding the applicable Redemption Date, unless default is made in payment of the
Redemption Price.

7. No REISSUANCE OF SERIES A’PREFERRED.

No shares or shares of Series-A-Preferred acquired by the Company by reason of.
redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.

Vv.

A. The liability of the directors af the Company for monetary. damages shall. be
eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable Jaw.

B. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article V in-effect at the time of the:alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to. Liability.

C. In the event that.a member of the Board of Directors of the. Compeny who is also:
a partner or emtployce of an eittity that is-a-holder of Preferred Stock and: that is in the business of

17.
investing and reinvesting in other entities, or an employee of an entity that manages such an
entity (each, a“Fund") acquires knowledge of a potential transagtion. or ‘ather matter in such:
individual’s capacity asa partner or employee of the Fund or the manager or general partner of
the Fund (atid other than directly in connection with such individual's service ‘88-4 member of the’
Board of Directors of the Company) and that may be an opportunity of interest for both the
Company and such Fund (a “Corporate Opportunity”), then the Company. (i) renounces any
expeotancy that such director’ or Fund dffer an opportunity to parti¢ipate i in such Corporate
Opportunity to the Company and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted.by law, waives any claim that
such. opportunity constituted a Corporate Opportunity that should have. been. presented by such
director or Fund to the Company or any of its affiliates; provided, however, that such director
acts.in good faith.

VL

_ Forthe:management of the business-and for the contluot-af the affairs of the Company,
and in further definition, limitation and regulation af the powers of the Company, of its directors
and of its stookholders or any Class thereof, as the case may be, it ie further provided that:

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Company
shall be vested in its Board. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board
shall be fixed by the Board in the manner provided in the Bylaws, subject to any restrictions
which may-be set forth in this Second Amended:and Restated Certificate of Intorporation.

B. The Board of Directors is. expressly: empowered to adept, amend or repeal the
Bylaws ofthe: Company. The stockholders shall also have the. power to.adopt, amend or repeal
the Bylaws of the Company; provided however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any
class or aeriesof:stock of the Company tequired by law or by this Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least.a majority of the voting
power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt,
amend or repeal.any provision of the Bylaws of the Company.

C, The directors of the Company. need not be elected. by written ballot unless. the
Bylaws so. provide.

MR tt

FOUR: This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

FIVE: This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was
approved by the holders of the requisite number of shares of said corporation in accordance with
Section 228 of the DGCL. This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has
beén duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections.242 anid 245 of the DGCL by
the. stookholders.of the Company.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
18.
.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Air2Web, Inc. bas caused this Seqund Amended and Restated.
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its Chief Financial Officer ay of September / 3, 2006.

Title: Chief Financial Officer
