AC621953 Dy
BACE 2Ce FILED
in the office of the Secretary of Stat’
AMENDED AND RESTATED of the State of Californie
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

PAD, A 3OAAD
Gray 0 “how

tw
AIRMAGNET, INC. KEVIN SHELLEY, Secrefffry of State

The undersigned, Dean Au and Edward Kim, hereby certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting P-esident and Assistant Secretary,
respectively, of AirMagnet, Inc., a California corporation.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to
read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is AirMagnet, Inc. (the “Corporation’’).
ARTICLE II

The purpose of the Corpcration is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized unde u:+ General Corporation Law of California other than the

banking business, the trust company t_ siness or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the Califoruia Corporations Code.

ARTICLE II

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authonzed to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” Thc total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 60,184,884 shares, no par value. 40,000,000
shares shall be Common Stock and 20,184,884 shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stack. The Preferred Stock
authorized by these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the “Restated Acticles’”’)
may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The first series of Preferred Stock shall
be designated “Series A Prefezred Stock” and shall consist of 3,433,327 shares. The second
series of Preferred Stock shali be designat--d “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist of
8,200,000 shares. The third series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series C Preferred
Stock’”’ and shall consist of 5,000,000 sha:es. The fourth series of Preferred Stock sial] be
designated “Series D Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 3,551,557 shares. The rights,
preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series A, Series B,
Series C and Series D Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article III (B).

1. Dividend Provisions. The hciders of shares of Series A, Series B,
Series C or Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets

SwOLAETSTE V2
legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend
(payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling
the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of (a) $0.015 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the hke) per annum on each
outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, (b) $0.025 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) per annum on cach outstanding share of Series B
Preferred Stock, (c) $0.04 per share (as adjusted for stock splits. stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series C Preferred Stock,
and (d) $0.08447 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the
like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series D Preferred Stock, payable quartcriy whe,
as and if declared by the Board of Directurs. Such dividends shall not be cumulative. After
payment of such dividends, any additional dividends shall be distributed among the holders of
Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on
the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming conversion of al!
such Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

(a) Preference. In the event of ary liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A, Series B,
Series C and Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, pricr and in preference to any
distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of
their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to (i) $0.15 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends. reclassification and the like) for each share of Series A Preferred Stock
then held by them, (ii) $0.25 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassification and the like) for each share of Series B Preferred Stock then held by them, plus
declared but unpaid dividends, (iii) $0.46 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassification and the like) for each share of Series C Preferred Stock then held by them, and
(iv) $0.8447 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the iike)
for each share of Series D Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends.
If, upon the occurrence of any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the
assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A, Series B, Series C and
Series D Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally
available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A, Series B,

Sezies C and Series D Preferred Stcx'. i: proportion to the preferential amount each such holder
is otherwise entitled to receive.

fb) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(a) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution
io shareholders shall be distributed ariong the holders of the Series A, Series B, Series C and
Series D Preferred Stock arid the Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of
Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common
Stock) until (1) with respect to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, such holders shall have
received an aggregate of $0.30 per snare (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends.

-2.

Ty IG8TOT 2
reclassifications or the like) of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them (including amounts
paid pursuant to Section 2(a) above), (ii) with respect to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock,
such holders shall have received an aggregate of $0.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) of Series B Preferred Stock then held by them
(including amounts paid pursuant to Section 2(a) above), (iii) with respect to the holders of
Series C Preferred Stock, such holders shall have received an aggregate of 30.80 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) of Series C Preferred Stock
then held by them (inc'uding amounts paid pursuant to Section 2(a) above) and (iv) with respect
to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock, such holders shall have received an aggregate of
$1.6894 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) of
Senes D Preferred Stock then held by them (including amounts paid pursuant to Section 2(a)
above); thereafter, if assets remain in the Corporation, the holders of the Common Stock of the
Corporation shall receive ali of the remaining assets of the Corporation pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock heid by each.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation, dissolution, ox winding up of the Corporation (a “Liquidation Transaction’’) shall be
deemed to occur upor the ccusummiation of any transaction (treating any series of related
transactions as a “‘transaction’) invoiving: (1) the sale or conveyance by the Corporation of all or
sibstantially all of its assets (including the sale or exclusive licensing of all or substantially all
the Inteilectual Property Assets of the Corporation, other than in the ordinary course of
business), any liquidation, winding up, or bankruptcy reorganization, (2) the recapitalization,
reclassification, consolidation, or merger of the Company with or acquisition of the Company by
another entity which involves a Transfer of Control (other than for the sole purpose of changing
the corporate domicile), (3) or any other transaction or series of related transactions involving 4
Transfer of Control of the Corporation (a “Transfer of Control” being defined as a transactior or
series of transactions, other than equity financings, where persons other than the holders of the
Company's capital stock prior to the transaction become the bencficial owners of 50% or more of
the voting power of the Company's capital stock after the transaction) shall be deemed to be a
liquidation. For the purposes of this section “Intellectual Pro Assets” shall mean all patents,

trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets and proprietary rights owned by
the Corporation.

(ii) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a Liquidation
Transaction, if the consideration rece.ved by the Corporation is other than cash, its value will be
deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

{A) Secunties not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on 2 securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value saall be based or a formula approved by the Board

of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the secunties on stich exchange or Nasdaq
over a specified time period;
(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
sha!! be tased on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid

or sales prices (whichever is applicable) for such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) ‘If there is no active public market, the value
shail be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subiect to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions aric.ng solely
by virtue of a shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make —n
appropr. ate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(c){ii}(A)

to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, 2s detennined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(iii) Notice of Liquidation Traasaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation
Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such
Liquidaticn Trensaction, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of
such Liquidation Transaction within 10 business days after such approval. The first of such
notices shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation
Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such
holders prompt notice of any material changes. The Liquidation Transaction shall in no event
take place sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has ziven the first notice provided for herein
or sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided
for herein. Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Restated Articles, all notice periods or
requirements *n these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived, either before or after the

action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the
then cutstanding shares of the Preferred Stock.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event all of the
requirements of this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either
cause the closing of the Liquidation Transaction to be pestponed until al! of the requirements uf
this Section 2 have been complied with (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock, voting as separate classes, shail have waived in writing the applicable
requirement(s)), or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the hoiders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock,
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such
rights. preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the first
notice referred to in Section 2(c)ii?).

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

SV Masta t a2
4. Coaversiscn.

The holders of the Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock shall
have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Comvert. Subject to Section 4(¢>, och share of Series A,
Series B, Series C and Serics D Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder
thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office « . the Corporation or
any transfei agen’ for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonsssessable shares of
Common Steck as is determined by dividing (i) $0.15 in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock,
(ii) $0.2 in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, (iii) $0.40 in the case of the Series C
Preferred Stock, and (iv) $0.8447 in the case of the Series D Preferred Stock, by the Conversion
Price applicable to such share, determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the
certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial Conversion Price per share shall be $0.15
for shares of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.25 for shares of Series B Preferred Stock, $0.40 for
shares of Series C Preferred Stock and $0.8447 for shares of Series D Preferred Stock. Such
initial Conversion Price shali be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A, Series B,
Series C or Series D Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common
Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of
(i) except as provided below in Section 4(c), the Corporaticn’s sale of its Common Stock in a
firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), :vhere the product of (A) the public
offering price of each share of such Common Stock and (B) the total number of shares of capital
stock, on a fully-diluted basis, outstanding immediately prior to such offering (including shares
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d\iXF) below). is not less than $100,000,000
and which results in aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $10,000,000 (net
of underwriting discounts and commissions) or (ii) the date specified by written consent or
agreement of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series A, Series B,
Series C and Series D Preferred Stock, voting as separate classes; provided, however, that if the
automatic conversion is in connection with a Liquidation Transaction in which the aggregate
proceeds or consideration to be received by all securityholders of the Corporation is
$100,000,000 or greater, then such conversion shall occur on the date specified by written
consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series A,
Series B, Series C and Senes D Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A,
Series B, Series C or Series D Preferred Stock shai! be zatitied to convert such Preferred Stock
into shares of Common Stock, the holder shall surrender the ~-rt: icate or certificates therefor,
duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer sgent for such series of
Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office,
of the election to conver? the same and shal! state therein the name or names in which the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as
soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder sf Preferred Stoc!:,
or .o the nominee cr nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for ti 2 ssumber of
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion
shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the shares of such series of Preterred Stock to be converted, and the person or
persons entitled to receive tne shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record bolder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of
such date. If the conversion is in connection with an underwnitten public offering of securities
registered pursuant to the Securities Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder
tendering such Preferred Stock for ccaversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the
underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons
entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed

to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of
secunties.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issgances, Splits aad Combinations. The Conversion Prices of the Series A, Series B,

Series C and Series D Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as
fo,lows:

(3) Issuaace of Additional Stock below Purchase Price. If
the Corporation should issue, al any time after the date upon which any shares of Series A,
Series B, Series C or Series D Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date” with respect
to such series), any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately pnor
to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Conversion Price for such series in effect
immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically be adjusted as sct forth in this
Section 4(dXi), unless otherwise provided in this Section 4(d\i).

(A) Adjustment Formula. Whenever the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4\d)i), the new Conversion Price shall be determined
by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the
“Outstanding Common”) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would purchase at such Conversion
Price in effect + nediately prior to such issuance; and (y) the denominator of which shall be the
number:.' + ..> of Qutstanding Common plus the number of shares of such Additiona: Stock.
For purp.. <s ¢. the foregoing calculation, the term “Outstanding Common” shall include st.ares
of Com. S.: -} deemed issued pursuant to Section 4(d}{i)(E) below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For purposes
of this Section 4(d)1), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or

deemed > have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d){iHE)) by the Corporation after the Purchase
Date) other than:

(1) Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d} it) hereot;
(2) 4,000,000 Shares of Common Stock issued
or issuable to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation pursuant to the
Corporation’s 2002 Stock Plan, or suck greater number of shares as is approved by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation and the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B,
Series C and Series D Preferred Stock, voting as a single class;

(3) Up toa total of 200,000 shares of Common
Stock, or options or warrants to purchase Common Stock, issued to financial institutions or
lessors in connection with commercial credit arrangements, equipment financings, commercial
property lease transactions or similar transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board
of Directors of the Corporation;

(4) Up to a total of 250,000 shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by VenGlobal Capital Fund;

(5) Capital stock, or warrants or options to
purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar
transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation and

the holders of a majority of the ouistanding shares of Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred
Stock, voting as a single class:

(6) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Series A, Series B, Series C o7 Series D Preferred Stock;

{7) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
ut 8 public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Series A,
Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock will be converted to Common Stock pursuant to
Section 4(b) of Article Il (B);

(8) Up toa total of 500,000 shares of Common
Stock issued or issuable to entities as « component of any business relationship with such entities
for the purpose of (A) joint venture, technology licensing or development activities,
(B) distribution, supply or manufacture of the Corporation’s products or services or (C) any other
arrangements involving corporate partners that are primarily for purposes other than raising

capital, the terms of which business relationship with such entity are approved by the Board of
Directors; and

(9) Securities (including any capital stock into
which such securities may convert) issued or issuabie in a transaction or a series of related
transactions or pursuant to a plan, arrangement or agreement in which an exemption from the
anti-dilution provisions is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of

the then outstanding shares of Scries B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock, voting as a single
class.

(C) No Fractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for the Series A, Series B, Senes C or Serics D Preferred Stock shall be made

- f-
SV 2689472 y2
in an amount less than one ceni per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required
to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either teken into
account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving
rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the
date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of
the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by ihe Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case
of the issuarce (whether before, on or after the applicable Purchase Date) of securities or righis
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additionai shares

of Common Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”), the following provisions shall app!y for
all purposes of this Section 4(d\i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Commor Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential an‘idilution
adjustments) of aay Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thereof sal] be deemed to have heen issued at the time such securities were issued o1
such Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a considevatior: equal to the consideration,
if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and relaied Common Stock
Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrucd interest or accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential antidijution adjustmer:s) upon the conversion, exchange ore" “vise
of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration iv each case to be determiried in the
manner provided in Section 4(di{D)).

(2) _ In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Commor. Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon

conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents including, but not limited
to. a change resulting from the antidilution provisions thereo/, the Conversion Price of each
series of Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected oy or computed using such Common
Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be
made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(7) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain

convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) | The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)\(iX(E1) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either Section 4(d\iME\(2) or 4(diXEX3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)(d\i), except to the limited extent provided for in
Sections 4(d\iME)(2) and 4(d)\iX(E\3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this
Section 4(d)i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(ii) Stock Splits and Divideads. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof}, then, as of
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be anpropriately decreased
so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable cn conversion of each share of such
series shall be ‘:;creased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common
Stock outstandiag and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents with the
number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents deter :: *d from time to
time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in Section 4(d\i,E).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Com on
Stock outstanding at ary time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
decreased in proportion te such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Cther Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution (other than distributions described in or pursuant to Section 2 above) payable in
securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons.
assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights to purchase any such securities or
evidences of indebtedness, then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the
holders of Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled ‘o a
proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the holders of the number of

9.

SV 2087073 2
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are
convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of
the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or
sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Section 2) provision shall be
made so that the holders of the Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock shail
thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of
stock or other securities or preperty of the Corporation or otherwise, te which a holder of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would nave been entitled on such recapitalization.
In any such case, appropriate adjustment shal! be made in the application of the provisions of this
Section 4 with respect to the rights of the hoiders of such Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the
Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such
Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be as neariy equivalent as practicabie.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation wiii not, by amendment of
these Restated Articles (except in accordance with Section 6 hereof) or through any
reorganization, recapita.i~ation, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any ..¢ voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of th ..rms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times in good :i::h assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and
in the taking of al! such action (and where appropmiate, refraining from taking action) as may be
necessary or appropriate in order to protect (and to avoid impairment in any way of) the
Conversion Rights and other nghts (under these Restated Articles) of the holders of Preferred
Stock against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(1) No fractional shares shal] be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of any series of Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the Corporation
will pay cash in an amount equal to the fair value of such fractional shares, based on the fair
market value of the shares of Common Stock, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors, as of the time when those who would otherwise be entitled to receive such fractional
shares is determined. The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined
on the basis of the total number of shares of Series A, Series B, Series C or Series D Preferred
Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

(ii) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price cf any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation,
at its expense, shal! promptly compute such adjustment or readjustinent in accordance with the
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate executed
by the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financia! Officer setting forth such
adjusurent or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or

10-

SN GS TH73 ¥2
readjustment is based. The Corporation, at its expense, shall, upon the written request at any
time of any holder of any series of Preferred Stock, promptly furnish or cause to be furnished to
such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the
Conversion Price ‘or such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of
shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of a share of such series of Preferred Stock.

6) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
to cach holder of Preferred Stock, at least 15 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice
specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

Qj) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the
Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common
Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of
such series of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of
such series of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the
holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the
opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without

limitation, engaging in best efforts :o obtain the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary
amendment to these Restated Articles.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of these Restated Articles
to be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid or delivered personally by hand or nationally recognized
courier and in each case addressed to each holder of record at his address appearing on the books
of the Corporation.

S. Voting Rights; Directors.

(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or by law, the
holder of each share of Seres A, Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock shali have the
night to one veic for each share of Comimon Stock into which such Preferre! Siock couid then be
converted, and with respect to such vote, such holder sha!l have full voting 1 giits and powers
equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock. and shell be entitled,
notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any shareholders” meeting in accordance with
the bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote, together with holders of Com:noi
Stock, with respect te any question upon which holders cf Common Stock have the right to vote.

-l1-

SN 2g87672 22
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an
as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A, Series B, Series C
and Series D Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the
nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

(b) ‘The authorized number of members of the Board of Directors shall
be as set forth in the Corporetion’s Bylaws. At each meeting of shareholders at which members
of the Boa-d of Directors are tc be elected, or whenever members of the Board of Directors are to
be elected by written consent of the shareholders, (i) the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock,
voting together as a separate class shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board of
Directors, (11) the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class shall
be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board of Directors, (iii) the holders of the Common
Stock, voting together as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board
of Directors, ane (iii) the holders of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class shall be entitled to elect any remaining directors.

(c) In the case of any « ancy in the office of a director occurring
among the directors elected by the holders of Serss C Preferred Stock, voting together as a
separate class, in accordance with the provisio.is 05 Section 5(b) above, such vacancy shall be
filled by the vote or written consent of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock. In the case of
any vacancy in the office of a director occurring among the directors elected by the holders of
Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class, in accordance with the provisions of
Section 5(b) above, such vacancy shall be filled by the vote or written consent of the holders of
tac Ses B Preferred Stock. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring
among ihe directors elected by the holders of Common Stock, voting together as a separate class,
iz: acc-dance with the provisions of Section 5(b) above, such vacancy shall be filled by the vote
or written consent of the holders of the Common Stock. In the case of any vacancy in the office
of a director occurring among the directors elected by the holders of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, in accordance with the provisions of
Section 5(b) above, such vacancy shall be filled by the vote or written consent of the holders of
the Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.

6. Protective Provisions. So long as at least 2,000,000 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, or Series D Preferred Stock (cr any combination
thereof) are outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassificaticns or the
like), the Corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent,
as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B

Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single ciass:

(a) effect any Liquidation Transaction, any other consolidation or
merger involving the Corporation, any other reorganization or

recapitalization of the Corporation, or any reclassification of any
stock of the Corporation;

SV 2AE7074 42
(b} = amend the Anticles of Incorporation ot the Corporation or change
any rights preferences, privileges or restrictions applicable to the
holders of Preferred Stock;

(c) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other equity
security, including any security (other than Series A, Series B,
Series C or Series D Preferred Stock) convertible into or
exercisable for any equity security, having a preference over, or
being on a parity with, the Series A, Senes 3, Series C or Series D
Preferred Stock with respect to voting, dividends, conversion or
upon liquidation;

(d) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for
a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred
Stock or Common Stock; provided, however, that this restriction
vhall not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from
emcloyees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons
performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant
to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to
repurchase such shares at cost upon the occurrence of certain
events, such as the termination of employment, or through the
exercise of any right of first refusal;

(e) declare or take any action resulting in the payment of dividends or
other distributions with respect to capital stock other than the
Preferred Stock and as permitted under Section (6)(a(d) above,
without first declaring dividends for the Preferred Stock as set forth
in Section | of Article II (B);

(f) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of any class
or series of capital stock of the Corporation; or

(g) increase or decrease the authorized number of members of the
Board of Directors of the Corporation or the voting rights of the

classes or series of stock that are entitled to designate members of
the Board of Directors.

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and
shall not be issuable by the Corporation. These Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended
to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation's authorized capital stock.

8. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with repurchases by the
Corporation of its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof,
Sections 502 of the California Genera! Corporation Law shal! not apply in wnole or in part with
respect to such repureniases, if such repurchases have been approved by the Board of Directors.
-[5-

S$‘ 2087073 sy?
(C) Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declarec +y the Board of Directors, out of any

assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board or Directors.

2. Liquidation Rigkts. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article Hl (B).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. Each nuidczs of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any sharchc!ders’ meeting in

accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

{A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

(B) | The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in

Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) to the fullest extent permissible under
California law.

(C) Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article IV by the shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or

protection of a director or agent of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment,
repeal or modification.”

3.

The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
corporation.

4. The foregoing amendiient was approved by the holders of the requisite number of
shares of this corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California General
Corporation Law. The tota! number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment was 13,283,207 shares of Common Stock, 3,433,327 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, 8,200,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and 5,000,000 shares of Series C
Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was (i) a majority of the outstanding

-]4-
SV 2497073 62
shares of Common Stock, voting separately as a class, (ii) a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, (iii) a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series B Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, (iv) a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, and (v) a majority of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single ciass.

{remainder of page intentionally left blank]

en)
way
‘
The undersigned certify under pensity of pexjury under the laws of the State of California
that the matters set forth in this Certificate are troe and onrrect of our own knowledge.

Executed st Mountain View, California, cn January 7 , 2005.

Dr

AIG

Dade

Edward Kim, Assistant Secretary
