A0666162 FILED Jf

tn the Office of tha Secretary of Stata
of the State of California

ag Bene” SEP 0°5. 2007

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AIRTIGRT NETWORKS, INC.
The undersigned, David C. King and Mark Shamsboian, do hereby certify that:

They are the duly elected Chief Executive Officer and Secrotary, respectively, of AirTight
Networks, lne., a California corporation (the “Corporation”).

The introductory paragraph of Article IV, Section A.7 of the Amended and-Restated Articles
of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended to read in its entirety us follows:

“Board of Directors. The number of directors of the corporation shall be
as set forth in Section 3.2 of the Company's Bylaws.”

The foregoing amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. ;

The foregoing amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has heen
duly approved by the required vote of the shareholders of the Corporation in accordance with
Sections 902 and 903 of the Califomia Corporations Code, The total number of outstanding
shares of the Corporation is 25,930,660 shares of Common Stock, 33,201,607 shares of
Series A Proferred Stock, 19,969,708 shares of Sexieg B Preferred Stock and 23,868,313
shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment
equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was (i) holders of a
majority the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and (ii) holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of the Corporation.

oer FY
We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the
matters sot forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

David C, King, Chief Executive fficer

Mark Shamshoian, Secretary

Executed on Sept. 5 , , 2007

AirTight Networks, Inc,
Certificate of Amendment of Amended And Restated Articles of Incorporation
