om HL ke: hy 404
A t 6 3 8 2 8 0 AC Office of the Secratary af Si.
of the State of California

DEC 22 2005

U8 SC4ES”

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AIRTIGHT NETWORKS, INC,
The undersigned, David C. King and Jai Rawat, do hereby certify that:

They are the duly elected Chief Bxecutive Officer and Chief Operating Officer and Seoretary,
respectively, of AirTight Networks, Inc., a California corporation (the “Corporation”).

Article IV, Section A.(4)(b) of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the
Corporation is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:

“Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then
effective applicable Conversion Rate for such share immediately prior to
the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to
an effective registration statement on Form $-1 under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), covering the offer and sale of
Common Stock for the account of the Corporation to the public with
agetepate gross proceeds to the Company of not less than Thirty-Five
Million Dollats ($35,000,000), before deduction of underwriting discounts
and commissions and‘ registration expenses (a “Qualified IPO”). In the
event of a Qualified IPO, the person(s) entitled tu receive the Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion of Preferred shall not be deemed to
have converted such Preferred Stock until inmediately prior to the closing
of such underwritten public offering, In addition, each share of Series A
Preferred shall be automatically converted into shares of Common Stock
at the then effective Conversion Rate for the Series A Preferred on the
date on which the holders of at least fifty-five percent (55%) of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred, voting as a separate series, have
voted to convert or consented in writing to the conversion of such shares
into Coinmon Stock (which conversion is hereafter referred to as the
“Series A Automatic Conversion by Written Consent”), In addition, each
share of Series B Preferred shall be automatically converted into shares of
Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate for the Series B
Preferred on the date on which the holders of at least fifty-five percent
(55%) of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred, voting as a separate
series, have voted to convert or consented in writing to the conversion of
such shares into Common Stock (which conversion is hereafter referred to
as the “Series B Automatic Conversion by Written Consent”).”

3. The introductory paragraph of Article IV, Section A.(6)\{b) of the Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended to read in its entirety as
follows:

‘Approval by Series A Preferred. The Corporation shall not (whether by
way of amendment of the Corporation’s charter documents, merger,
consolidation, reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or
otherwise), without first obtaining the approval by vote or written consent,
in the manner provided by law, of the holders of at least fifty-five percent
(55%) of the total number of shares of Series A Preferred then
outstanding:” .

4, The introductory paragraph of Article [V, Section A.C) of the Amended and Restated

Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended to read in its entirety as
follows .

“Approval by Series B Preferred. The Corporation shall not (whether by
way of amendment of the Corporation’s charter documents, merger,
consolidation, reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or
otherwise), without first obtaining the approval by vote or written consent,
in the manner provided by law, of the holders of at least fifty-five percent
(55%) of the total number of shares of Series B Preferred then
outstanding:”

5. The foregoing amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation,

6. The foregoing amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the requized vote of the shareholders of the Corporation in accordance with
Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding
shares of the Coiporation is 25,277,405 shares of Common Stock, 33,201,607 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and 16,641,423 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, The number of
shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or excceded the vote required. The -
percentage vote required was (i) holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) holders at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding

shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and (iii) holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
the Corporation.

* ek Mom

CANIPortbhPALIB2VK4\3292157_3,D0C -2-
We further declare under penalty-of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the
matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Executed on Deceinber 22, 2005,

David C. King, Chief Executive Officer

CY i aal

Jai Rawat, Secretary

CANrPortbl\PALIB2K4\3292157 2.000 ro
