10659250 -
2536465 FILED "5

in the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of California

APR 05 2007
AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AIRTIGHT NETWORKS, INC.
The undersiened. David C. King and Jai Rawat. certify that:
1. They are the duly elected Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer and:

Secretary, respectively. of AirTight Networks. Inc.. a California corporation (the “Corporation”).

2. The Anicles of Incorporation of the Corporation are amended and restated to read in

fuil as follows:
ARTICLE I
NAME
The name of the Corporation is AirTight Networks, Inc.
ARTICLE
PURPOSES

Tre purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawfui act or activity for which a
corporaiion :nay be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the wust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the Calizornia Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III

STOCK

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively,
“Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares that the Corporation is
authorized to issue is two hundred seven million thirty-nine thousand six hundred twenty-cight
(207,039,628) shares, of which one hundred thirty million (130,000,000) shares shall be Common
Stock and seventy-seven million thirty-nine thousand six hundred :wenty-eight (77,039,628) shares
shall te Preferred Stock. Of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock, thirty-three million two
hundred one thousand six hundred seven (33.201.607) shares shall be designated Series A Preferred
Stock (“Series A Preferred”). nineteen million nine hundred sixty-nine thousand seven hundred eight
(19,969,708) shares shall be designated Series B Preferred Stock (“Series B Preferred”) and twenty-
three million eight hundred sixty-eight thousand three hundred thirteen (23,868,313) shares shall be

designated Series C Preferred stock (“Series C Preferred”).

379895 6 dox
ARTICLE IV

RIGHTS, PREFERENCES.
PRIVILEGES AND RESTRICTIONS ON STOCK

A. breferred Stack. The Corporation shal] from time to time in accordance with the laws
of the State of California increase the authorized amount of its Common Stock jf at any time the
number of shares of Common Stock remaining unissued and available for issuance shall not be
sufficient tc permit conversion of the Preferred Stock.

The rights. preferences. privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Preferred
Stock are as follows:

(1) Definitions. For purposes of this Article IV, the following definitions shall
apply:

(a) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.30872 per share for the Series A
Preferred, $0.60091 per share for the Series B Preferred and $0.60750 per shan: for the Series C
Preferred (each as appropriately adjusted for any combinations, consolidations, subdivisions. stock
spiits or stock dividends with respect 10 such shares of Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred or
Series C Preferred, as applicable).

(b) “Preferred Stock” shal! mean the Series A Preferred. the Series B
Preferred and the Series C Preferred.

(2) Dividends. The hoiders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets at the time
legally available therefor. dividends a: the ratz of 6% of the applicable Original Issue Price per share
per annum on each outstanding share of Preferred Stock, before any dividend (payable other than in
Common Stock or other securities and rights. convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to
receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) is paid on
Common Stock. The right to such dividends on shares of Preferred Stock shall be non-cumulative.
After payment of such dividends, an: additional dividends shail be distributed among the holders of
Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock then
held by each holder (assuming conversion of al! such Preferred Stock into Common Stock). No
dividencis (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or
entitling the holder thereot to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of
the Corporation’ shall be paid on any share of Common Stock unless the preferentiai dividends of
the Preferred Stock zs aforesuid shall have been paid in full and, in addition, a dividend (including
the amount of any dividends paid pursuant to the above provisions of this Subsection A.(2)) is paid
with respect to all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock in an amount for each such share of
Preferred Stock equal to the aggregate amount of such dividends for al! shares of Common Stock
into which each such share of Preferred Stock could then be converted. If at any time or from ume
lo time after the Original Issue Date (as defined in Subsection A.(4)d}iX2) below) the Corporation
pays 4 dividend or makes another distribution to the hoiders of the Common Stock payable in

WILK & dy -?-
securities of the Corporation, other than in shares of Common Stock then in each such event the
dividend or other distribution. as applicable. shall be distributed among the holders of Preferred
Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Cominon Stock then held by
each holder (assuming conversion of all stich Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

(3) Liquidation Preference.

(a) In the event of any Liquidaticn Event (as defined in
Subsection. A.(3\c)), the hoiders of the Preferred Stock shal be entitled to receive, prior and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation ta tie holders .
of the Comm: .: Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, out of assets and funds lezally available -
for distribution to shareholders, the amount of (i) $0.30872 per share for each share of Series A
Preferred then held by them, plus an amount per share equal to all declared but unpaid dividends per
share, if any, on the Series A Preferred (the “Series A Liquidation Preference”). (ii) $0.60091 per-
share for cach share of Series B Preferred then held by them, plus an amount pe: share equal to all
declared but unpaid dividends per share. if any, on the Series B Preferred (the “Series B Liquidation
_ Preference”). and (iii) $0.60750 per share for each share of Series C Preferred th-a.held by.them,
plus an amount per share equal to all declared but unpaid dividends per shave, if any, or the Series C
. Preferred (the “Series C Liquidation Preference”). If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets _
and funds thus distributed among the holders of ine Preferred Stock shal! be insufficient to permit
the payment to such holders of the full preferential amounts of the Sezies A Liquidation Preference.
the Series B Liquidation Preference and the Series C Liquidation Preference, then the entire-assets
and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution to shareholders shall be disuibuted
ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the respective preferential amounts
each such holder would have otherwise been entitled to receive upon such distribution if all amounts
payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full.

(t) After payment has been made to the hoiders of Preferred Stock of the
full amounts to which they shall be entitled as aforesaid, any remaining assets shail be distributed
ratably to the holders of the Corporation’s Common Stock and Preferred Stock (on an as-converted
basis); provided that, the holders of Preferred Stock shall only be entitled to receive (including
amounts diswibuted pursuant to Subsection A.(3)(a)) distributions up to the aggregate amount of
(i) $0.61744 per share of Series A Preferred (as adjusted for any combinations, consolidations,
subdivisions. spli's or stock dividends with respect to such shares of Series A Preferred),

(ii) $1.26182 per share of Series B Preferred (as adjusted for any combinations, consolidations.
subdivisions, splits or stock dividends with respect to such shares of Series B Preferred) and
(iit) $1.21500 per share of Series C Preferred (as adjusted for iny combinations, consolidations,
subdivisions. splits or stock dividends with respect to such shares of Series C Preferred).

(c) For purposes of this Subsection A.(3). a “Liquidation Event’ means:
(i) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up. either voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation,
(ii) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with 0; into any other entity or entities as a result of
which sharcholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the consummation of the merger or
consolidation hold. on account of securities of the Corporation held by them immediately prior to
such consummation, less than 50% of the voting securities of the surviving entity or entities, (iii) the
sale or exclus:ve licensing of all 0; substaniially all of the assets of the Corporation, or (iv) a
transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which the holders of the Corporation's
outstanding voting securities immediately prior to such transaction or series of related transactions
owned less than a majority of the outstanding voting power of the Corporation immediately after
such transaction or series of related transactions.

(dy Whenever the distribution or consideration provided for in this -

_ | Subsection A.(3) shall be payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such
distribution or consideration shall be the fair market value of such securities or other propesty as -
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors subject to the approval of the holders of a
majoniiy of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

(e) Each holder of an outstanding share of Preferred Stock shall be
deemed ta have consented, for purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the General Corporation Law of
California, to distributions made by the Corporation in connection-with the repurchase of shares of’
Common Stock issued to or heid by officers, directors, employees or consultants upon termination of
their employment or services or in connection with the exercise by the Corporation of contractual
rights of first refusal or first offer pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase
between the Corporation and such persons, provided that the terms of such repurchase shal] have
been approved by the Board of Directors.

(4) Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible.
at the optio-: of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of
the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
relevant series by the Conversion Price for such series in effec: at the time of the conversion. The
initial “Conversion Price” per share for shares of Series A Preferred shall be $0.30872, the initial
Conversion Price per share for shares of Series B Preferred shall be $0.60091 and the initial
Conversion Price per share for shares of Series C Preferred shal] be $0.60750; provided, however,
that each such Conversion Price shal] be subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided. The number
of shares of Common Stock into which each share of a given series of Preferred Stock may be
converted is hereinafter referred to as the “Conversion Rate” for such series.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective applicable Conversion
Rate for such share immediately prior to the closing of a firm commitment underv.titten public
offering pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-! under the Securities Act of
1933. as amended (the “Securities Act”). covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the
account of the Corporation to the public with aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of not less
than Thirty-Five Million Dollars ($35,000,000) and a public offering price per share of at least One
Dollar Eighty-Two and Twenty-Five Hundredth Cents ($1.8225) per share (as appropriately adjusted

3719598 SF don -4.-
for any combinations, consolidations. subdivisions, stock splits or stock dividends with respect to
such shares of Common Stock), before deduction of underwriting discounts and commissions and
registration expenses (a “Qualified IPO”). In the event of a Qualified IPO, the person(s) entitled to
receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of Preferred shall not be deemed to have
converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such underwritten public
offering. In addition, each share of Series A Preferred shall be automaticaily converted into shares
of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate for the Series -\ Preferred on the date on
which the holders of at least fifty-five percent (55%) of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred,
voling as a separate series, have voted to convert or consented in writing to the conversion of such
. shares into Common Stock (which conversion is hereafter referred to as the “Series A Automatic: ~
_ Conversion by Written Consent”). In addition, each share of Series B Preferred shall be ae
automatically converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate for the
Series B Preferred on the date on which the holders of at least fifty-five percent (55%) of the
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred. voting as 2 separate series, have voted to convert-or -
consented in writing to the conversion of such shares into Common Stock (which conversion is
hereafter referred to as the “Series B Automatic Conversion by Written Consent”). In addition, each
share of Series‘C Preferred shall be automatically converted iiito shares of Common Stock at the
then effective Conversion Rate for the Series C Preferred on the’ date on which the holders of at least
fifty-five percent (55%) of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred, voting as a separate series,
have voted to convert or consented in writing to the conversion of such shares into Common Stock
(which conversion is hereafter referred to as the “Series C Automatic Conversion by Written
Consent”).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) No fractional shares of Common Stock shal] be issued upon
conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional share to which a holder would otherwise be
entitled (determined on a certificate by certificate basis), the Corporation shall pay cash equal to
such fraction multiplied by the then fair value of a share of Common Stock as determined in
accordance with Section 407 of the Genera! Corporation Law of Califomia.

(il) Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
convert the same into full shares of Common Stock. ne or she shal! surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that he or she elects to
convert the same. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such
office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which such holder sha!! be entitled as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder
in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of
Common Stock. Upon conversion of only a portion of the number of shares of Preferred Siock
represented by a certificate surrendered for conversion, the Corporation shall issue and deliver tc or
upon the written order of the holder of the certificate so surrendered for conversion, at the expense of
the Corporation, a new certificate covering the number of shares of Preferred Stock representing the
unconverted portion of the certificate so surrendered.

WAWSYS 8 dex - 5 .
(iii) = Such conversion shal] not terminate the rights of the holders of
Preferred Stock cr Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock to receive
dividends which have been declared with respect to the Preferred Stock as of a record date prior to
the date of conversion. Except as set forth in Subsection A.(4)(b) avove, such conversion shall be
deemed to nave been made immediately prior to the close cf business on the date of such surrender
of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conve:sion shall. be treated for all purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such. date. If the conversion is in
connection with an underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act, the -
. conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned ..
upon the closing with the underwriter of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, i in which
event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the
Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior
to the closing of such sale of securities.

“(d) Conversio.a Price Adjustments. The Conversion Price applicable to a

. - series of Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

a (i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Subsection A.(4)4)... .
the following definitions snall apply:

(1) “Ontions” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(2) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the first date upon which any
shares of Series C Preferred were issued.

(3) “Convertible Securities” shall mcan any evidences of
indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock and Preferred Stock) or other securities directly or
indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(4) Additional S Oo n_ Stock” shall mean all shares of
Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Subsection A.(4\(d\iii), deemed to be issued) by the
Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other thai:

(A) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the
conversion of shares of Preferred Stock;

(B) up to an aggregate 14,500,000 shares of Common Stock
(as adjusted for any applicable stock splits, combinations or similar events) issued or issuable to
employees. officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Corporation or any subsidiary
of the Corporation pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other arrangements, upon the
approval of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the members of the Board of Directors, and such
additional shares. if any, as shall have been approved by (x) at least seventy-five percent (75%) of

T3089 4 don -6-
the members of the Board of Directors and (y) holders of a majority of the then outstanding
Preferred Stock:

(C) up to an aggregate 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock
(as adjusted for any applicable stock splits, combinations or similar events) issued or issuable upon
__ exercise of warrants issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit.
_ arrangements, equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions or similar transactions
as shal] have been approved by at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the members of the Board of |
Directors and such additional shares, if any, as shall have been approved by (x) at least seventy-five
percent (75%) of the members of the Board of Directors and (y) holders of a majority of the then ©
outstanding Preferred Stock;

‘D) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a
dividend or distribution on any capital stock of the Company approved by at least seventy- five
. percent (75%) of the members of the Board of Directors; - , te

(E) _—iup to an aggregate 14,500,000 shares of Common Stock
(as adjusted for any applicable stock splits, combinations or similar events) issued or issuable (a) ©
pursuant to commercial or strategic partnering arrangements that are not primarily for equity
financing purposes or (b) in connection with the Corporation’s merger with or acquisition of another
corporation or other entity, in each case, as shall have been apwroved bv at least seventy-five percent
(75%) of the members of the Board of Directors and such aduitiunal shares, if any, as shall have
been approved by (x) at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the members of the Board of Directors
and (y) holders of a majority of the then outstanding Preferred Stock;

(F) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
exercise or conversion of warrants, options, rights or cunvertible securities if such warrants, options,
rights or convertible securities were outstanding on the Original Issue Date;

(G) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to
a Qualified IPO;

(H) shares of Commor Stock issued or issuable pursuant to
a Liquidation Event: or

(1) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to
any event for which an appropriate adjustment to protect the conversion rights of the Preferred Stock
is otherwise made pursuant to Subsection (vi), (vil), (vili), (ix) or (x) below.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the
Conversion Price applicable to a series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance or
deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per share for an
Additional Share of Common Stock issued or deeme! to be issued hy the Corporation is less than thy
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in effect on the date of, and immediate?y prior to
such issue.

WNGSGS S dew -7-
(iii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Commor Stock. Except
as provided in Subsection A.(4)(d)(i(4) above, in the event the Corporation at any time or from time
lo time after the Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a
record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such
Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the
instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) of Common Stock ultimately issuable upon the exercise of such Options
or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the
time of such i issue_or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the‘tlosé of business on ~~

Such record daté, provided that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are

deemed to be issued which results in ar adjustment to the Cenversion Price of any series of
Preferred Stock hereunde;:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of any
series of Preferred Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or sha:es

of Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange: of such Conve:uible
Securities; ,

Me (2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
_ provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase or decrease in the consideration

payable to the Corporation, or increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock

" ultimately issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the Conversion Price of each
series of Preferred Stock computed upon the original deemed issue thereof (or upon the occurrence
of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based theieon, shall, upon any

such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease

insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible
Securities; anc

(3) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, if
the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock shall have been adjusted upon the original
issuance thereof or shall have been subsequently adjusted pursuant to clause (2) above, such
Conversion Price shall be recomputed as if:

(A) _ in the case of Convertible Securities or Options
for Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed issued were shares of
Common Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, and the consideration received therefor was the
consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not
exercised. plus the consideration actually received oy the Corporation upon such exercise. or for the
issue of all such Convertibic Securities which were actually converted or exchanged plus the
consideration actually received by the Corporation upor such conversion or exchange. if anv: and

TWWSAS Cady -R-
(B) in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities. only the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were
issued at the time of issue of such Options and the consideration received by the Corporation for the
Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the
consideration deemed to have been received by the Corporation upon 'the issue of the Convertible
ot Secunties with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; and

(4) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) or (3) above

shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price of a'series-of Preferred Stock to an amount -° . 7°

which exceeds the initial Conversion Price of such series of Preferred Stock.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additivnal
Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common

Stock (including Additional Shares of Comiaon Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Subsection
A.€4\(diii)) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the applicable’

; - Conversion. Price of a series of Preferred Stock in ‘effect on.the date of and immediately prior to such == <*>

issue, then and in such event, the Conversion Price of such series of Preferred Stock shall ve -
reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by -

‘multiplying such Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue by a

. fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding -
immediately prior to such issue, including any Common Stock issuable pursuant to any then -
outstanding options or warrants for Common Stock or any class or series of stock, notes, or other
securities directly or indirectly convertible into Common Stock (including but not limited to the
Preferred Stock), plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration
received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued or
deemed issued would purchase at such Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately
prior to such issue: and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue. including any Common Stock issuable pursuant to any
then outstanding options or warrants for Common Stock or any class or series of stock, notes, or
other securities directly or indirectly convertible into Common Stock (including but not limited to
the Preferred Stock) outstandirig immediately prior to such issue or deemed issue, plus the number of
such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued or deemed issued.

(v) Determination of ideration. For purposes of this

Subsection A.(4)(d). the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue or deemed issue of
any Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash aad Property. Such consideration shall:
(A) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the

aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or accrued dividends:

STIQRAS S dex -G.
(B) __ insofar as it consists of property other than cast .
be computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors subject to the reasonable approval of the holders of a majority in interest of the
then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and

. (C) in the event Additionai Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as:

provided in clauses (A) and (B) above, as determined in. good faith by the Board of Directors subjec’...... . :-

| to the reasonable : approval of the holders of a.majority in interest of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration

per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been _

_ issued pursuant to Subsection A.(4)\(d)(iii). rejating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be .

i . determined by dividing

(A) the total amount, if any, received or receivable
by the Corporation as consideration for the i issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the

oly

consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the
exercise of such options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities by

(B) the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) ultimately issuable upon the exercise of such
Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convenible Securities.

(vi) Adj ents for Stock Divi Subdivisions, or Split-u
Common Sicck. If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after the filing
of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation is increased by a stock dividend payable in
shares of Common Stock or by a subdivision or split-up of shares of Common Stock, then, effective
at the close of business upon the record date fixed for the determination of holders of Common
Stock entitled to receive such stock dividend, subdivision or split-up, the Conversion Price of each
series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable on conversion of each share of Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to
such increase of outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(vii) Adjustments for Combinations of Co: n Stock. If the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after the filing of these Amended and
Restated Anticles of Incorporation is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock. then, effective at the close of business upon the record date of such combination.

WIESUS 6 dew - 10-
the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of Preferred Stock shall be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(viii) Adjustments for Recapitalizations, Reclassifications, etc. If the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a
different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock or other securities or property, ©
‘whether by reclassification, exchange, recapitalization, or otherwise (other than’a subdivision or

: combination of shares provided for in Subsection A.(4\(d){vi) or A.(4)(d)(Vii)'above ora’:

... fearganization, merger or consolidation for which adjustment is otherwise‘made in Subsection
A.(4\(d){ix) below), then in any such event each holder of Preferred Stock shall have the right

thereafter to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other securities and property

receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification, e> change or other change by holders of the

’ number of shares of Common Stock into which such ska‘es of Preferred Stock could have been

’ conveited immediately prior to such recapitalization, exci.ange, reclassification, merger.
consolidation, reorganization or change, all subject to further adjustment as provided | herein or with

respect tc to such other securities or property by the terms ther. ‘of. SS

ot : (ix) Reorganizations, Merp.zrs and Consolidations. If at any time or
from-time to time-after the Original Issue Date there is a reorganization of the Corporation (other
than a recapitalization. subdivision, combination, reclassification or exchange of shares provided for
elsewhere-in this Subsection 4.(4\(d)) or a merger or consolidation of the Corpor ‘ion with or into
another ‘corporation (except :1 Liquidation Event), then, as a part of such reorganization, merger or
consolidation. provision shail be made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock thereafter shall be
entitled to receive, upon con‘ersion of the Preferred Stock held by them, the number of shares of
stock or other securities or property of the Corporation, or of such successor corporation resulting
form such reorganization. merger. or consolidation. to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable
upon conversion would have been entitled on such reorganization, merger or consolidation. In any
such case, appropriate adjustment shal! be made in the application of the provisions of this
Subsection A.(4\(d){ix) with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock after the
reorganization, merger or consolidation to the end that the provision of this Subsection A.(4)(d)(ix)
(including adjustment of the applicable Conversion Price then in effect and number of shares
issuable upon conversion uf the Preferred Stock) shal] be applicable after that event and be as nearly
equivalent to the provisions hereof as may be practicabie. This Subsection A.(4\(d)(ix) shall
similarly apply to successive reorganizations, mergers and consolidations.

(e) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Subsection A.(4). the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance wit!: the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock
a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which
such adjustment o; readjustment is based. The Corpozation shall. upon the written request at any
lume of any holder of referred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price of a series

VIYSAS § dor -1l-
of Preferred Stock at the time in effect. and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount. if any. of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of such
Preferred Stock.

(f) Siatus of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Subsection A.(4) hereof, the shares so-cunverted shall be canceled and
shall. not be. issuable by the Corporation ad the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shal] be
appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in'the:Corporation’s: authorized capital --

woot. stock. . +

(g) Notices of Record Date. In the von that the Corporation shall
rrupose at any time:

(i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock,
_. whether in cash, property, stock cr other securities, whether 0 Or. Fnot a regular cash divideni and .
whether or.not out of camnings or eamed surplus;

(i) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or
series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights; :

fii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of atiy <lass or
series of capital stock tien outstanding; or

(iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation. or. ~
sell, lease or convey all or substantially all its property or business, or to iiquidate, dissolve or wind
up;

then, in connection with each such event, the Corporation shall send to the holders of Preferred
Stock:

a) at lest twenty (20) days’ prior written notice of the
date on which a record shall be taken for such dividena, distribution or subscription rights (and
specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall he entitled theret. : in respect of the
matters referred to in (i) and (ii) above or for determining rights to vote in respect of the matters
referred to in (iii) and (iv) above; and

(2) in the case of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv)
above, at ieast twenty (20) days’ prior written notice of the date when the same shal] take place (and
specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their
Common Sicck for securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event).

Each such written notice shall be delivered personally or given by first class mail, postage
prepaid. adJressed to the hold. s of Preferred Stock at the address foi esc: such holder as shown on
the books of the Corporation.
(5) Voting Rights. Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
the number of votes equal tu the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of
Preferred Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or consent of shareholders and,
except as otherwise required by law or expressly provided herein, shal] have voting rights and
powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the Common Stock on all matters. The holder of
_each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance

=... ,. With the Bylaws of the Corporation and shall vote with holders of the Common Stock upon: the: =... .. wh
__,. election of directors and upon any other matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, except.on those... -

matters required by law or these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation-to be submitted to .
a class vote. Fractional votes by the holders of Preferred Stock shall not, however, be. permitted and
any’ fractional voting rights resulting from the above formuia (after aggregating all shares into which
shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest
whole number.

(6) “Protective Provisions, __

(a) Approval by Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not (whether by _
way of amendment of the Corporation’s charter documents, merger, consolidation, reorganization,
reclassification. recapitalization or otherwise), without first obtaining the approval by vote or written
consent. in the manner provided by law, of the holders of at least a majority of the total number of
shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting together as a single class and on an as-converted
basis:

(i) alter or change any of the powers, preferences, privileges or
rights of “he Preferred Stock, whether by article amendment, merger, reorganization, reclassification,
recapital: zation or otherwise;

(ii) increase the number of authorized Preferred Stock or Common
Stock,

(iii) create or issue any new class of capital stock of the
Corporation having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on parity with the Series A
Preferred, Series B Preferred or Series C Preferred;

(iv) | repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock, other than repurchases of shares of Common Stock at or below
coSt pursuant to restriction agreements or issued to or held by officers, directors, employees or
consultants upon termination of their employment or services or in connection with the exercise b,’
the Corporation of its contractual right of first refusal or first offer pursuant to agreements providing
for the night cf said repurchase between the Corporation and such persons;

(v) authorize the payment of any dividend (including any dividerd
payable in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder
thereof to reccive. directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) to
any holders of any class or series of capital stock (other than as contemplated by clause (iv) above);

3739845» gac -1]3-
(vi) approve or effect the liquidation, dissolution o7 winding up of
the Corporation:

(vii) incur debt in excess of $250,000, except for intercompany
loans and letters of credit required in the ordinary course of vusiness, unless previously approved by
at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the members of the Board of Directors; -

. ~ (v iii) reclassify any outstanding shares of capital stock of the
, c orporation into shares or securities that are senior to or on parity with any: ofthe nights, Preferences
OF privileges of the Series A Preferred , Series:B Preferred or Series'C Preferred; os

(ix) effect the sale or license by the Corporation of a substantial
portion of its assets:

(x) permit AirTight Networks Private Ltd and AirTight Networks

UK Limited. the Corporation’ s subsidiaries (the “Subsidiaries”), to take any of the following actions,
end ‘the Corporaticn shail take such actions as are necessary to prevent the Subsidiaries from taking

» any of the following actions without the approval of the Bo:-rd of Directors of the Corporation and .
.. -the approval of the holders of at least a majority of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock then
outstanding. voting together as a single class and on ai: as-converied basis: (i) issue any of its
securities of any kind, including rights or options to acquire securities, (iiy sell, license or otherwise
transfer all or substantially all of its assets, (iii) merge or consolidate with any other entity or entities,
(iv) engage in any material transaction outside of the ordinary course of ousiness, or (v) enter into
-any agreement to do any cf the foregoing:

(xi) effect a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into
any other entity or entities, or any other transaction or series of relatec transactions, as a result of
which shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the consummation of the merger or
consolidation er other transaction or set:es of related transactions hold, cn account of securities of
the Corporation held by them immediately prior to such consummation, less than 50% of the voting
securities of the surviving entity cr entities. or any other transaction or series of related transactions
in which more than 50% of the voting power of the Corporation is disposed of,

(xii) amend these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporstion
or the Corporation’s Bylaws, including without limitation any amendment or waiver effected
through a merger. reorganization and/or consolidation;

(xili) increase or decrease the authorized number of directors
constituting the Board of Directors;

(xiv) increase or decrease the number of shares avalable under the
Corporation's stock option plan from the current number of authorized shares: or

3739885 S dex -|4-
ixv) enter into any transaction that would result in the taxation of
holders of the Series C Preferred under Section 305 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.

(b) Approval by Series A Preferred. The Corporation shall not (whether
by way of amendment of the Corporation's charter documents, merger, consolidation.
reorganization. reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise), without first obtaining the approval by

* 4yote or written consent, in the manner provided by law. of the holders of at least fifty-five Percent
ae ¢ 33%) of the total number of shares of Series A Preferred, then outstanding:

(i) - alter or change any of the powers, preferences, privileges or
rights of the Series A Preferred, whether by article amendment, merger, reorganization,
reclassification. recapitalization or otherwise, in a manner that adversely affects the Series A
Preferred and is different from the manner in which it affects the other series of Preferred Stock;

(ii) increase the number of authorized Series A Preferred;

Boo (iti) create ¢ or authorize any new class or series of capital stock of - -
" the Corporation having rights, preferences or priviieges senior to or on parity with the Series A-.

Preferred in a manner that adversely affects the ‘Series A Preferred and is different from the manner » ca

in which it affects the other series of Preferred Stock:

(iv) reclassify any outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Corporation into shares or securities that are senior to or on parity with any of the rights, preferences
or privileges of the Series A Preferred in a manner that adversely affects the Series A Preferred and
is different from the manner in which it affects the other series of Preferred Stock; or

(v) alter or change the provisions of Section 4(b) with respect to
Series A Automatic Conversion by Written Consent or any of the provisions of this Section 6(b).

(c) Approval by Series B Preferred. The Corporation shall not (whether
by way of amendment of the Corporation’s charter documents, merger, consolidation,
reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise), without first obtaining the approval by
vote or written consent, in the manner provided by law, of the holders of at least fifty-five percent
(55%) of the total number of shares of Series B Preferred then outstanding:

(i) alter or change any of the powers, preferences, privileges or
rights of the Series B Preferred, whether by article amendment, merger, reorganization,
reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise, in a manner that adversely affects the Series B
Preferred and is different from the manner in which it affects the other series of Preferred Stock;

(il) increase the number of authorized Series B Preferred;

(iii) | create or authorize any new class or serics of capital stock of
the Corporation having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on parity with the Series B

TT IQAQe S dav - 14 -
Preferred in a manner that adverseiv affects the Series b Preferred and is differen: from the manner
in which it affects the other series of Preferred Stock;

(iv) reclassify any outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Corporation into shares or securities that are senior to or on parity with any of the rights, preferences
or privileges of the Series B Preferred in a manner that adversely affects the Series B Preferred and
is different from the manner in which it affects the other series of Preferred Stock; or

(v) - alter o or. r change the provisions of Section 4(b) with respect to. .
Series B Automatic Conversion by Written Consent or any of the provisions of this Section 6(c).

(d) Approval by Series C Preferred. The Corporation shall not (whether
by way of amendment of the Corporation's charter documents, merger, consolidation,
reorganization. reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise), without first obtaining the approval by
vote or written consent, in the manner provided by law. of the holders of at least fifty-five percent
(55%) of the total number of shares of Series C Preferred then outstanding: . -

(i) - alter or change any of the powers, preferences, priv leges o or
rights of the Series C Preferred. whether by: article amendment, merger,-reorganization, .
reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise, in a manner that adversely affects the Series‘ C
Preferred and is different from the manner in which it affects the other series of Preferred Stock;

(ii) increase the number of authorized Series C Preferred;

(iii) creaie or authorize any new class or series of capital stock of
the Corporation having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on parity with the Series C
Preferred in a manner that adversely affects the Series C Preferred and is different from the manner
in which it affects the other series of Preferred Stock:

(iv) reclassify any outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Corporation into shares or securities that are senior to or on parity with any of the rights. preferences
or privileges of the Series C Preferred in a manner that adversely affects the Series C Preferred and
is different from the manner in which it affects the other series of Preferred Stock; or

(v) alter or change the provisions of Section 4(b) with respect to
Series C Automatic Conversion by Written Consent or any of the provisions of this Section 6(d).

(7) Board of Directors. The number of authorized members of the Board of
Directors shall be seven (7).

(a) Election of Directors.
(i) Sencs A Preferred Directors. Notwithstanding

Subsection A.(5). so long as at least 8,300,402 shares of Series A Preferred are outstandiny (as
adjusted for any applicable stock splits. combinations or similar events with respect to such shares of

3739596 S Goce - 16-
Soke

Series A Preferred). the holders 01 the Series A Preferred, voting as a separate series. shall be
entitled to elect two members of the Corporation’s Board of Directcrs.

(ii) Sernes B Preferred Director. Notwithstanding
Subsection A.(5), so long as at least 5.000,000 shares of Series B Preferred are outstanding (as
adjusted for any applicable stock splits, combinations or similar events with respect to such shares of
Series B Preferred). the holders of the Series B Preferred, voting as a separate series, s, shall be entitled
. toelect one member of the C Orporation’ s Board of Directors. — - ss

e (iii) Senres C Preferred Director. Notwithstanding

“Subsection A. (3). so long as at least 6,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred are outstanding (as
adjusted for any applicable stock splits, combinations or similar events with respect to such shares of
Series C Preferred), the holders of the Series C Preferred, voting as a separate : series, shall be entitled
to elect. one member of the Corporation's Board of Directors.

(iv) Common Stock Directors. Notwithstanding Subsection A.(5),°: °
The holders of the Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two members .
of the Board of Directors.

os (*) Other Directors. Any remaining miembers of the Corporation's
Board of Directors shall be elected by the holders of Common Stock and the Preferred Stock voting
together as a single class on an 2s-converted into Common Stock basis.

wey

(b) Vacancy. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director elected
by the holders of a class, classes or a series of stock pursuant to Subsection A.(7){a), a successor
shall be elected to hold office for the unexpired term of office of such director by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding class, classes or series with voting power to elect
him or her given at a special meeting of shareholders duly called or by an action by written consent
for that purpose. Subject to Sections 302 and 303 of the General Corporation Law of California, any
director elected by the holders of a class, classes or a series of stock may be removed during such
director's term of office. either for or without cause, by and only by the affirmative vote of the
holders of the outstanding class. classes or series with voting power to clect him or her given at a
special meeting of shareho!ders dul: called or by an action by written consent for that purpose.

B. Common Stock.

(1) Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive. when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the
Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Corporation's Board of Directors.

(2) Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the

Corporation. the asscts of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Article IV, Section
A.(3) hereof.

F7IVS9S Shs -I7-
(3) Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the
Bylaws of the Corporation. and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as
may be provided by law.

ARTICLE V

Li:ABILITY OF DIRECTORS
AND INDEMNIFICATION OF AGENTS

A Limitation on Directors” Liability. The liability of the directors of the Corporation for
> monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law..

B. Indemnification of Cgrporate Agents, The Corporation is authorized to provide

: »-indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California General Corporation Law) . -

- through bylaw provisions. agreements with agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California
.. >General Corporation Law, subject only to the applicable limits set. forth in Section 204 of the -
.+- California General Corporation Law with respect to actions: for breach of duty to the Corporation
and its shareholders.

C. Repeal < or + Modifi ication. Any repeal-or modification of the foregoing provisions of -
this Article V by the shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right of
indemnification, limitation of liability or other protection of an agent of the Corporation relating.to .. °
acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

3. The foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

4. The foregoing amendment of the Anicles of Incorporation has been duly approved by
the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Section 902 and 903 of the Califomia General
Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares of the Corporation is 25,228,343 shares of
Common Stock and 33,201,607 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in
favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required under
the law and the Articles of Incorporation in effect at the time of this amendment was more than 50%
of the outstanding Common Stock and more than 50% of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock.

Y7I9SUS & der -18-
We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the
matters set forth in this Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation are true and correct of our

own knowledge.

Executed on April S , 2007.

=

David C. King, Chic Execfive Officer

fh ta ory
ee

Jai Rawat, Secretary

AirTight Networks, Inc.
Amended and Restated Articles of Incosporaiion
