State of Delaware
Secre of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 07:32 PM 12/07/2007

06:59 PM 12/07/2007

FILED 0
AIRWALK COMMUNICATIONS, INC. SRV 071299433 - 3989267 FILE
RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

(Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the
General Corporation |Law of the State of Delaware)

AirWalk Communications, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by
virtue of the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”),

DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

FIRST: That the name of this corporation is AirWalk Communications, Inc.
and that this corporation was originally incorporated pursuant to the DGCL on June 21, 2005.

SECOND: _ That the Board of Directors duly adopted resolutions proposing to
amend and restate the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation, declaring said amendment and
restatement to be advisable and in the best interests of this corporation and its stockholders, and
authorizing the appropriate officers of this corporation to solicit the consent of the stockholders
therefor, which resolution setting forth the proposed amendment and restatement ts as follows:

RESOLVED, that the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be

amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

ARTICLE I
The naine of the corporation 1s AirWalk Communications, Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE I
The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware 19808.
The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE UI

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended.

ARTICLE IV
A. Classes of Stock. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total] number of shares of

capital stock this Corporation shall have authority to issue is 52,343,323. The total number of shares
of Common Stock this Corporation shall have authority to issue is 29,500,000, par value $0.001 per

suatROE S DOC
share. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock this Corporation shall have authonty to issue is
22,843,323, par value $0.001 per share, of which 386.603 shares shall be designated Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock”), 15,056,720 shares shall be designated
Serics B Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred Stock’’) and 7,400,000 shares shall be
designated as Series B-] Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series B-1 Preferred Stock” and together
with the Scrics A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, the “Preferred Stock’’).

B. Preferred Stock. The voting powers, preferences and relative participation, optional or
other special rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the Preferred Stock are as set forth
below:

1. Dividends.

1A. The holders of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends out of any assets legally available therefor (the “Preferred Dividends”),
ona pari passu basis, and prior and in preference to any payment or distribution to the holders of the
Common Stock, at the annual rate of 8% per annum of the Stated Value per share of their respective -
shares of Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to
such shares after the filing date hereof). payable when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors.
Such dividends shall not be cumulative. No dividends shall be declared or paid, and no distribution
shall be made, on any shares of Common Stock unless all declared but unpaid Preferred Dividends
have been paid or irrevocably set apart for payment. After the payment or setting aside for payment
of the Preferred Dividends, any additional dividends (payable other than in Common Stock) declared
or paid on any shares of Common Stock in any year, shall also be ratably declared or paid on the
shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by
each such holder (assuming full conversion of each share of Preferred Stock).

1B. — Without the affirmative vote of the holders ofat least sixty percent (60%)
of the outstanding Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class and not as a separate series, and on
an as-converted basis), (1) no dividend (other than a dividend payable solely in Common Stock) shall be
declared or paid, and no distribution shal] be made, on any shares of Common Stock, and (ii) no shares
of Common Stock shall be purchased, redeemed or acquired by the Corporation and no monies shall be
paid into or set aside or made available for a sinking fund for the purchase, redemption or acquisition
thereof; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to (a) the repurchase of Equity Securitics
by the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of the First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement or (b)
the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from directors or employees of or consultants or advisors to
the Corporation or any Subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the Corporation has the option
to repurchase such shares upon the occurrence of certain events, including without limitation the
termination of employment by or service to the Corporation or any Subsidiary.

2. Liquidation Preference.

2A. (i) Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference. In the event of any
Liquidation Event (as defined below), the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1!
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, on a pari passu basis, prior and in preference to any
payment or distribution and setting apart for payment or distribution of any of the assets or surplus
funds of the Corporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock and to the

4odisor 3 0c

bw
holders of any other Equity Securities, (a) for each share of Series B Preferred Stock then held by
them, an amount equal to $1.00 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with
respect to such shares after the filing date hereof) plus an amount equal to declared but unpaid
dividends on such share (the “Series B Liquidation Preference’) and (b) for each share of Series B-1
Preferred Stock then held by them, an amount equal to $1.364 (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof) plus an amount equal
to declared but unpaid dividends on such share (the “Series B-1 Liquidation Preference’). If the
asscts and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution to the Corporation’s
stockholders exceed the aggregate Series B Liquidation Preference and Series B-1 Liquidation
Preference, then, after the payments to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1
Preferred Stock required by this subsection 2A shall have been made or irrevocably set apart for
payment, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, on a pari passu basis,
pnor and in preference to any payment or distribution and setting apart for payment or distribution of
any of the asscts or surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock and to the
holders of any other Equity Sccurities, for each share of Senes A Preferred Stock then held by them,
an amount cqual to $15.89 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect
to such shares after the filing date hereof) plus an amount equal to declared but unpaid dividends on
such share (the “Series A Liquidation Preference’). The Series A Liquidation Preference, Series B
Liquidation Preference and Series B-1 Liquidation Preference are sometimes referred to herein
collectively as the “Liquidation Preference.”

(11) Priority of Payment. If, upon the occurrence of such events listed above, the
assets and funds legally available for distribution among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock
and Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
Series B Liquidation Preference and Series B-1 Liquidation Preference then outstanding, then the
entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed to the
holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock, ratably in proportion to the full
preferential amount that each such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive for such shares of
Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock, respectively. If the assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for distribution to the Corporation’s stockholders exceed the Series B
Liquidation Preference and Series B-1 Liquidation Preference payable to the holders of Series B
Preferred Stock and Serics B-1! Preferred Stock, pursuant to subsection 2A, but shall be insufficient
to permit the payment to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock of the full Series A Liquidation
Preference then outstanding, then, after full payment of the aggregate Series B Liquidation
Preference and Series B-1 Liquidation Preference shall have been made or irrevocably set apart for
payment, the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution to the
Corporation’s stockholders shall be distributed to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, ratably in
proportion to the full preferential amount that cach such holder would otherwise be entitled to
receive for such shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

2B. ‘If the assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for
distribution to the Corporation’s stockholders exceed the aggregate Liquidation Preference payable
to the holders of Serics B Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Scries A Preferred Stock
pursuant to subsection 2A, then, after the payments required by subsection 2A shall have been made
or irrevocably set apart for payment, the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation available for
distribution to the Corporation’s stockholders shall be distributed ratably among the holders of

SU8O) SOC 3
Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock
in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock then held by them, with the shares of Series
A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock being treated for this
purpose as if they had been converted to shares of Common Stock at the then applicable conversion
rate.

2C. For purposes of this Section 2, a “Liquidation Event” shall include
(A) the closing of the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s
assets, (B) the consummation of the merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another
entity (except a merger or consolidation in which the holders of capital stock of the Corporation
immediately pnor to such merger or consolidation continue to hold at least 50% of the voting power
of the capital stock of the Corporation or the surviving or acquiring entity), (C) the closing of the
transfer (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise), in one transaction or a series of related
transactions. to a person or group of affiliated persons (other than an underwriter of the
Corporation’s securities), of the Corporation’s securities 1f, after such closing, such person or group
of affiliated persons would hold 50% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation (or
the surviving or acquiring entity) or (D) a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation;
provided, however, that a transaction shall not constitute a Liquidation Event ifits sole purpose is to
change the state of the Corporation’s incorporation or to create a holding company that will be
owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Corporation’s securities
immediately prior to such transaction. The treatment of any particular transaction or series of related
transactions as a Liquidation Event may be waived by the vote or written consent of the holders of at
least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class and not
as separate series, and on an as-converted basis).

2D. The Corporation will give written notice of any Liquidation Event to
each holder of Preferred Stock not less than 20 days prior to the date stated therein for the
distribution and payment of the amounts provided in this Section 2 of Division B of this Article IV.
Each holder of Preferred Stock may convert all or any portion of the Preferred Stock into Common
Stock pursuant to Section 5 of Division B of this Article IV at any time on or prior to the date fixed
in such notice for distribution and payment or the date of a merger, consolidation or sale of assets
deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation as described in subsection
2C.

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

4. Voting Rights.

4A. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the DGCL, the holders of
shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote with the holders of Common Stock, as a single
class and not as separate series on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation.
Each holder of shares of Pretcrred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the largest
number of full shares of Common Stock into which all shares of Preferred Stock held of record by
such holder could then be converted pursuant to Section 5 of Division B of this Article IV at the
record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to vote on such matters or, if no such
record date is established, at the date such vote is takcn or any written consent of stockholders is first

S030 $.pOC 4
executed. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation.

4B.  Theholders of outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class and not us a separate series, and on an as-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect four (4)
directors of this Corporation at each election of directors (the “Preferred Directors”). The holders of
outstanding Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of
this Corporation at each election of directors. The holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of
Common Stock, voting together as a single class and not as separate series, and on an as-converted
basis. shall be entitled to elect any additional directors of this Corporation at each election of
directors. Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect
one or more directors by this subsection 4B, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class
or classes or series may be filled by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of
that class or classes or series.

4C. Provided at least 1,000,000 shares (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof) of Preferred
Stock are outstanding, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of
the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class and not as separate series,
and on an as-converted basis, the Corporation shall not (by amendment. merger, consolidation or
otherwisc):

- (i) consummate a Liquidation Event;

{ii) amend its Restated Certificate of Incorporation so as to
reclassify, authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other Equity Security ranking senior to
or on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock or Series B-1 Preferred Stock as to dividend rights,
liquidation preferences. conversion rights, voting rights or otherwise, other than as provided in the
Series B-] Purchase Agreement;

(iii) declare or pay any dividend, or make any distribution, on any
class or series of capital stock (other than a dividend or distribution as allowed by the Restated
Certificate of [Incorporation or pursuant to the repurchase of Equity Securities by the Corporation in
accordance with the provisions of the First Refusal and Co-Sale agreement or the repurchase of
shares of Common Stock from directors or employecs of or consultants or advisors to the
Corporation or any Subsidiary pursuant to agrecments under which the Corporation has the option to
repurchase such shares upon the occurrence of certain events, including without limitation the
termination of employment by or service to the Corporation or any Subsidiary);

(iv) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the
shares of Prefcrred Stock so as to affect materially and adversely the sharcs of any such series of
Preferred Stock;

(v) increase the total number of authorized shares;

(vi) increase the authorized number of directors of the Corporation;

40312015 DOC

Gn
(vil) issucany shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock except pursuant
to the Series B-1 Purchase Agreement; or

(viii) without the unanimous consent of the Board of Directors then
serving:

(a) mortgage, pledge or create a security interest in, or permit
any Subsidiary to mortgage, pledge or create a security interest in, all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation or any such Subsidiary:

(b) own, or permit any Subsidiary to own, any stock or other
security of any Subsidiary or other corporation, partnership or entity unless it is wholly owned by the
Corporation:

(c) make any loans or advances to the Corporation’s officers,
directors or management. except in the ordinary course of business as part of travel advances or
salary or in connection with the issuance of promissory notes for the purchase of shares; or

(d) make guarantees, except in the ordinary course of business.

4D. Provided at least 100.000 shares (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof) of Series A Preferred
Stock are outstanding, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Serics A Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate series, the Corporation shall not (by
amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise):

(a) authorize or issuc any additional shares of Series A
Preferred Stock;

(b) authorize or issue any shares of Preferred Stock having
rights, preferences and privileges (other than rights, preferences and privileges that differ solely as a
result of proportional differences in respective original issue prices) senior to those of the Series A
Preferred Stock yet junior to those of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock.
For the avoidance of doubt, the vote of the holders a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock (voting as a separate series) is not required pursuant to this subsection 4D for the
authorization or issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock having rights, preferences and privileges
senior to or on parity with those of the Series B Preferred Stock or Series B-1 Preferred Stock; or

(c) alter or change the powers, prefcrences, or special rights of
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect such shares adversely, without so affecting the
entire class of Preferred Stock.

dasisor § DOC 6
5. Conversion.
5A. Conversion Procedure.

(i) Any holder of shares of Preferred Stock may convert all or any
portion of the sharcs of Preferred Stock (including any fraction ofa share) held by such holder into a
number of shares of Common Stock computed by multiplying the number of shares of Preferred
Stock to be converted by the Stated Value per share of such series of Preferred Stock and dividing
the result by the Conversion Price (as defined below) then in effect for such series.

(ii) Each conversion of shares of Preferred Stock will be deemed to
have been effected as of the close of business on the date on which the certificate or certificates
representing the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, together with properly executed
conversion instructions or stock powers, have been surrendered for conversion at the principal office
of the Corporation; provided, however, that on the date of an automatic conversion of Preferred
Stock pursuant to subsection 5G, the outstanding shares shall be converted in accordance therewith
whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered. At such time as such
conversion has been effected, the rights of the holder of such shares of Preferred Stock as such
holder will ceuse and the Person or Persons in whose name or namcs any certificate or certificates
for shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon such conversion will be deemed to have become
the holder or holders of record of the shares of Common Stock represented thereby.

(iii) | As soonas possible after a conversion has been effected (but in
any event within three business days in the case of subparagraphs (a) and (b) below), the Corporation
will deliver to the converting holder:

(a) acertificate or certificates representing the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable by reason of such conversion in such name or names and such denomination
or denominations as the converting holder has specified;

(b) a certificate representing any shares of Preferred Stock which
were represented by the certificate or certificates delivered to the Corporation in connection with such
conversion but which were not converted: and

(c) cash or a certificate or certificates representing shares of
Common Stock in payment of declared but unpaid dividends as provided in section 1A.

(iv) | The issuance of certificates for shares of Common Stock upon
conversion of shares of Preferred Stock will be made without charge to the holders of such sharcs of
Preferred Stock for any issuance tax in respect thereof or other cost incurred by the Corporation in
connection with such conversion and the related issuance of shares of Common Stock. Upon
conversion of each share of Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take all such actions as are
necessary in order to insure that the Common Stock issuable with respect to such conversion will be
validly issucd, fullv paid and nonassessable.

SOU TROT_§ DOU 7
(v) If any fractional interest in a share of Common Stock would,
except for the provisions of this subparagraph (v), be deliverable upon any conversion of shares of
Preferred Stock, the Corporation, in lieu of delivering the fractional share therefor, will pay an
amount in cash to the holder thereof equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional interest as of
the date of conversion.

5B. Conversion Price.

(1) The initial conversion price for the Series A Preferred Stock
will be $15.89 per share of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Conversion Price”), subject to
adjustment as provided herein. The initial Series B Conversion Price will be $1.00 per share of
Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Conversion Price”), subject to adjustment as provided
herein. The initial Series B-1 Conversion Price will be $1.364 per share of Series B-] Preferred
Stock (the “Series B-1 Conversion Price’), subject to adjustment as provided herein. The Series A
Conversion Price, the Scrics B Conversion Price and the Series B-1 Conversion Price are sometimes
collectively referred to herein as the “Conversion Price”.

(11) If after the filing date hereof, the Corporation issues or sells, or
is deemed to have issued or sold pursuant to subsection 5C, any shares of its Common Stock for
consideration per share which is less than the Series B Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
to the time of such issue or sale, then, immediately upon such issue or sale, the Conversion Price for
the Series A Preferred Stock will be reduced to the price determined by multiplying the Senes A
Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be:

(a) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediatcly prior to such issue or sale (assuming the exercise and/or conversion of all outstanding
Options and Convertible Securities that are then exercisable or convertible), plus

(b) the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of additional shares of Common
Stock so issued or sold would purchase at the Series B Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
to such issue or sale; and

the denominator of which shall be:

(x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issuc or sale (assuming the exercise and/or conversion of all outstanding
Options and Convertible Securities that are then exercisable or convertible), plus

(y) the number of additional shares of Common Stock so issued
or deemed to be issued.

(iii)  Forall series of Preferred Stock othcr than Series A Preferred Stock, if
aficr the filing date hereof, the Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed to have issued or sold
pursuant to subsection SC, any shares of its Common Stock for consideration per share which is less
than the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the time of such issue or sale for such series

HOULSN0 SOC 8
of Preferred Stock, then, immediately upon such issue or sale, the Conversion Price for such series of
Preferred Stock will be reduced to the price determined by multiplying the Conversion Price for such
scrics of Preferred Stock then in effect by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be:

(a) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issue or sale (assuming the exercise and/or conversion of all outstanding
Options and Convertible Securities that are then exercisable or convertible), plus

(b) the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of additional shares of Common
Stock so issued or sold would purchase at the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in
effect immediately prior to such issue or sale; and ,

the denominator of which shall be:

(x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issue or sale (assuming the exercise and/or conversion of all outstanding
Options and Convertible Securities that are then exercisable or convertible), plus

(y) the number of additional shares of Common Stock so issued
or deemed to be issucd.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall not be required to make any adjustment
to the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock by reason of the issuance, or deemed
issuance pursuant to subsection SC, of shares of (1) Common Stock to employecs, consultants,
advisors or directors of the Company pursuant to any Approved Plan, (ii) Common Stock upon
conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series B-] Preferred
Stock, (iii) Common Stock issued in connection with the bona fide acquisition of property or
acquisition of another corporation or entity by the Corporation by way of consolidation, merger,
purchase of all or substantially all of the assets, or other reorganization in which the Corporation
acquires, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, all or substantially all of the assets
of such other corporation or entity or 50% or more of the voting power of such other corporation or
entity or 50% or more of the equity ownership of such other corporation or entity, (iv) Common
Stock in connection with an equipment lease financing, a credit arrangement, a strategic alliance or
partnering arrangement, provided that such transaction is not primarily for equity financing purposes
and is approved by a majority the Board of Directors, (v) Common Stock pursuant to a Qualified
Public Offering or to the Corporation’s underwriters in connection therewith, (vi) Common Stock in
connection with any stock split, stock dividend or distribution, or recapitalization, (vii) Common
Stock deemed to be issued in connection with the sale and issuance of Series B-1 Preferred Stock
pursuant to the Series B-1 Purchase Agreement or (viii) Common Stock in connection with the
exercise of any exercisable securities outstanding as of the filing date hereof.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the

Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock may be waived, either prospectively or
retroactively in a particular instance by, and only by, the written consent or vote of the holders of a

4uz seb S$ DOC
majority of the outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock voting as a separate series. Any
such waiver shall bind all holders and all future holders of shares of such series of Preferred Stock.

5C. — Effect_on Conversion Price of Certain Events. For purposes of
uctermining the adjusted Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock under subsection 5B of
Division B of this Article IV, the following will be applicable:

(1) If after the filing date hereof the Corporation in any manner
issues or grants any options, warrants or similar rights to purchase or acquire (“Options”) either
Common Stock or secunties convertible or exchangeable, with or without consideration, into or for
Common Stock (“Convertible Securities”) and the price per share for which Common Stock is
issuable upon the exercise of such Options or upon conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options is less than the Conversion Price for any series
of Preferred Stock in cffect immediately prior to the time of the granting of such Options, then the
total maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or
upon conversion or exchange of the total maximum amount of such Convertible Securities issuable
upon the exercise of such Options will be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold
by the Corporation for such price per share. For purposcs of this paragraph, the “price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable” will be determined by dividing:

(a) the total amount, if any, reccived or receivable by the
Corporation as consideration for the granting of such Options, plus the minimum aggregate amount
of additional consideration payable to the Corporation upon exercise of all such Options, plus, in the
case of such Options which relate to Convertible Securities, the minimum aggregate amount of
additional consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation upon the issuance or sale of such
Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange thereof; by

(b) the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of such Options and/or upon the conversion or exchange of all such
Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options.

No further adjustment of the Conversion Price for any scrics of Preferred Stock will be made when
Converuble Securities are actually issued upon the excrcise of such Options or when Common Stock
is actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options.

(1) If after the filing date hereof the Corporation in any manner
issues or sells any Convertible Securities and the price per share for which Common Stock is
issuable upon such conversion or exchange is less than the Conversion Price for any series of
Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to the time of such issue or sale, then the maximum
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities will be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Corporation for
such price per share. For the purposes of this paragraph, the “‘price per share for which Common
Stock is issuable” will be determined by dividing:

4031801 5. DOC 10
(a) the total amount received or receivable by the Corporation
as consideration for the issue or sale of such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate
amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation upon the conversion or
exchange thereof; by

(b) the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities.

No further adjustment of the Conversion Pricc for any series of Preferred Stock will be made when
Common Stock is actually issued upon the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(iii) If after the filing date hereof (a) the purchase price provided for
in any Options. (b) the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the conversion or exchange of
any Convertible Securities or (c) the rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible into or
exchangeable tor Common Stock changes at any time, then the Conversion Price for any series of
Preferred Stock in effect at the time of such change will be readjusted to the Conversion Price for
any series of Preferred Stock which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or
Convertible Securities still outstanding provided for such changed purchase price, additional or
lesser consideration or changed conversion rate. as the case may be, at the time initially granted,
issued or sold.

(iv) | Upon the expiration of any Option or the termination of any
right to convert or exchange any Convertible Security without the exercise of any such Option or
right or the conversion or exchange of any such Convertible Security, the Conversion Price for each
serics of Preferred Stock then in effect hereunder will be adjusted to the Conversion Price for such
series of Preferred Stock which would have been in effect at the time of such expiration or
termination had such Option or Convertible Security, to the extent outstanding immediately prior to
such expiration or termination, never been issued.

(v) If after the filing date hereof any Common Stock, Option or
Convertible Security is issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the
consideration received therefor will be deemed to be the nct amount received by the Corporation
therefor. In cuse any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a
consideration other than cash, the amount of the consideration other than cash received by the
Corporation will be the Fair Market Value thereof as of the date of receipt. If any Common Stock,
Option or Convertible Security is issued in connection with any merger in which the Corporation is
the surviving corporation, thc amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the Fair Market
Value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving corporation as is
attributable to such Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, as the case may be.

(vi) | Incaseany Option is issued in connection with the issue or sale
of other securities of the Corporation, together comprising onc integrated transaction in which no
specific consideration is allocated to such Option by the parties thercto, the Option will be deemcd to
have been issued for a consideration of $0.01.

audser § poe 11
(vil) The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any
given time does not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Corporation or any
Subsidiary, and the disposition of any shares so owned or held will be considered an issue or sale of
Common Stock.

(viti) If the Corporation takes a record of the holders of Common
Stock for the purpose of entitling them (a) to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in
Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities or (b) to subscribe for or purchase Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the
issue or sale of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the
declaration of such dividend or upon the making of such other distribution or the datc of the granting
of such right of subscription or purchase, as the case may be.

5D. Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. Ifthe Corporation at
any time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more
classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Conversion
Price then in effect for such Preferred Stock immediately prior to such subdivision will be
proportionately reduced, and if the Corporation at any time combines (by reverse stock split or
otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, the Conversion Price then in effect for such Preferred Stock immediately prior to such
combination will be proportionately increased.

SE. Consolidation, Merger, Sale, Lease or Conveyance. In case of any
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or entity, or in case of

any sale, lease or conveyance to another corporation or entity of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation that is not a deemed liquidation pursuant to section 2C, each share of Preferred
Stock shall, after the date of such consolidation, merger. sale, lease or conveyance, be convertible
into the number of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) to which Common
Stock issuable (immediately prior to the time of such consolidation, merger, sale, lease or
conveyance) upon conversion of such share of Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such
consolidation, merger, sale, lease or conveyance, and in any such case, if necessary, the provisions
set forth herein shall be appropriately adjusted to be applicable, as nearly as may reasonably be
possible, to any shares of stock or other securities thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of such
sharcs of Preferred Stock.

SF. Notices.

(a) Immediately upon any adjustment of the Series A Conversion
Price, the Scries B Conversion Price or the Scrics B-1 Conversion Price, the Corporation will give
written notice thereof to all holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
or Series B-1 Preferred Stock, as applicable.

(b) The Corporation will give written notice to all holders of shares
of Preferred Stock at Icast 10 days prior to the date on which the Corporation closes its books or
takes a record (a) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon Common Stock or (b) with
respect to any pro rata subscription offer to holders of Common Stock.

434804. 5 DOC 12
5G. Automatic Conversion. All of the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock shall be automatically converted into Common Stock at the Conversion Price then in effect for
such Preferred Stock without any further action on the part of the Corporation or any holder of
Preferred Stock, upon the earlier of (i) immediately prior and subject to the closing of a Qualified
Public Offering, or (it) upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class and not as a separate series,
and on an as-converted basis.

6. Registration of Transfer.

The Corporation will keep at its principal office a register for the registration of shares of
Preferred Stock. Upon the surrender of any certificate representing shares of Preferred Stock at such
place, the Corporation will, at the request of the record holder of such certificate, execute and deliver
(at the Corporation’s expense) a new certificate or certificates in exchange therefor representing in
the aggregate the number of shares of Preferred Stock represented by the surrendered certificate.
Each such new certificate will be registered in such name and will represent such number of shares
of Preferred Stock as is requested by the holder of the surrendered certificate and will be
substantially identical in form to the surrendered certificate.

7, Replacement.

Upon reccipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation (an affidavit of the
registered holder will be satisfactory) of the ownership and the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of any certificate evidencing shares of Preferred Stock. and in the case of any such loss, theft or
destruction. upon receipt of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation or, in the case of
any mutilation, upon surrender of such certificate the Corporation will (at its expense) execute and
deliver in lieu of such certificate a new certificate of like kind representing the number of shares of
Preferred Stock represented by such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated certificate.

8 Definitions.

“Approved Plan’’ means the Corporation’s 2003 Stock Plan, as amended, the Corporation’s
2002 Stock Plan, as amended, and any other written stock option, stock purchase or similar incentive
plan approved by a majority of the then serving Board of Directors.

“Board of Directors’ means the board of directors of the Corporation.

“Common Stock” means, collectively, the Corporation’s Common Stock, par value $0.00!
per share, and any capital stock of any class of the Corporation hereafter authorized which is not
limited to a fixed sum or percentage of par or stated value in respect to the rights of the holders
(hereof to participate in dividends or in the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation.

“Equity Security” means any stock or similar security, including, without limitation,

sccuritics containing equity features and securities containing profit participation features, or any
security convertible or exchangeable, with or without consideration, into or for any stock or similar

4OaRROL S$. DOC 13
security. or arly security carrying any warrant or right to subscribe for or purchase any stock or
similar security, or any such warrant or right.

“Fair Market Value” means the fair market value as determined in good faith by a majority of
the Board of Directors.

“First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement’’ means the Amended and Restated First Refusal and
Co-Sale Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, by and among the Corporation and certain of
its stockholders, as such agreement may from time to time be amended in accordance with its terms.

“Investors” Rights Agreement” means the Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights
Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof. by and among the Corporation and certain of its
stockholders. sis such agreement may from time to time be amended in accordance with its terms.

Person” means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, an association, a joint stock
Corporation, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization and a governmental entity or any
department, agency or political subdivision thereof.

“Qualificd Public Offering” means any underwritten offering by thc Corporation of shares of
Common Stock to the public pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
of 1933, then in effect, or any comparable statement under any similar federal statute then in force,
in which the aggregate cash proceeds to be received by the Corporation from such offering (without
deducting underwriting discounts, expenses and commissions) are at least $35,000,000.

“Series B-1 Purchase Agreement” means the Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock
Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the filing date hereof, by and among the Corporation and
certain investors, as such agreement may from time to time be amended in accordance with its terms.

“Stated Value” ofa share (i} of Series A Preferred Stock means $15.89 per share (as adjusted
for uny stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares after the filing date
hereof), (11) of Series B Preferred Stock means $1.00 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof) and (iii) of Series B-1
Preferred Stock means $1.364 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits
with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof).

“Subsidiary” means any corporation more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of
which are owned by the Corporation or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, or a partnership or
limited liability company in which the Corporation or any Subsidiary is a general partner or manager
or holds interests entitling it to receive more than 50% of the profits or losses of the partnership or
limited liability company.

9, Notices.

Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices referred to herein shall be in
writing and shall be delivered in the manner specified in the Series B-1 Purchase Agreement.

MOUESOT SOC 14
C. Common Stock. The voting powers, privileges and other special mghts and
qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the Common Stock are as set forth below:

l. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the timc outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of this
Corporation Icyally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this
Corporation, the assets of this Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Division B
of this Article [V hereof.

3. Voting Rights. Subject to the provisions of Section 4 of Division B of this
Article 1V, the holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the right to one vote, and shall be
entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of this Corporation,
and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may be provided by law. The
number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the
number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
stock of this Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the
DGCL.

ARTICLE V

Except as may otherwise be provided in this Restated. Certificate of Incorporation, in
furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the
Corporation’s Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the
Corporation’s Bylaws.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the Bylaws
of this Corporation. The number of directors of this Corporation shal! be fixed from time to time by
a bylaw or amendment thereof duly adopted by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders.

ARTICLE VIII

A director of this Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now
exists or as i! may hereafter be amended, not be personally liable to this Corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability
(1) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to this Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts
or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(tii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived any
improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is amended, after approval by the stockholders of this
Article VIII, to authorize corporation action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of
directors, then the Nability of a director of this Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the
fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended.

SOL180. 5. DOC 15
Any amendment. repeal or modification of this Article VIII, or the adoption of any provision
of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VIII, by the stockholders
of this Corporation shall not apply to or adversely affect any right or protection of a director of this
Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption.

ARTICLE IX

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws
may provide. ‘The books of this Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the
statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to
time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of this Corporation.

ARTICLE X

This Corporation reserves the night to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained
in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute,
and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

ARTICLE XI

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this Corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) agents of this Corporation (and any other
persons to which DGCL permits this Corporation to provide indemnification) through bylaw
provisions, agreements with such agents or othcr persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by
Section 145 of the DGCL, subject only to limits created by applicable DGCL (statutory or non-
statutory), with respect to actions for breach of duty to this Corporation, its stockholders, and others.

Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article XI shal]
not adversely affect any nght or protection ofa director, officer. agent, or other person existing at the
time of, or increase the liability of any director of this Corporation with respect to any acts or
omissions of such director, officer or agent occurring prior to, such amendment, repeal or
modification.

THIRD: The foregoing amendment and restatement was approved by the holders of
the requisite number of sharcs of said corporation in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL.

FOURTH: That said Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which restates and
integrates and further amends the provisions of this corporation’s Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, has been duly adopted in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL.

JOFISHE FDOT 16
IN WITNESS WHEREOF. the Corporation has caused this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation !o be signed by its President on this day, December 7_. 2007.

AIRWALK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By: /s/ Serge Pequeux
Name: Serge Pequeux

Title: President

EDALSOL -t DOC 17
