File Number: 200407721116
00534810
Date Filed: 03/17/2004
Matt Blunt
Secretary of State

STATE OF MISSOURI... Office of Secretary of State

Amendment of Articles of Incorporation

SECRETARY OF STATE
STATE OF MISSOURI

P.O. BOX 778

JEFFERSON CITY, MO 65102

Pursuant to the provisions of The General and Business Corporation Law of
Missouri, the undersigned Corporation certifies the following:

1. The present name of the Corporation is Akermin, Incorporated

The name under which it was originally organized was Akermin, Incorporated

2. An amendment to the Corporation's Articles of Incorporation was adopted by the
shareholders on Mey, [ b , 2004.
3. Article Number Three is amended to read as follows:
ARTICLE THREE

The aggregate number, class, and par value of shares which the
corporation has authority to issue are as follows: Six Million (6,000,000) shares
of common stock at one-half cent ($0.005) par value.

The preferences, qualifications, limitations, restrictions, and special or
relative rights, including convertible rights, if any, in respect of the shares of each
class are as follows: none.

Article Number Six is amended to read as follows:

ARTICLE SIX

The number of directors to constitute the board of directors shall be three.
Thereafter, the number of directors shall be fixed by, or in the manner provided by
the by-laws. Any changes in the number will be reported to the Secretary of State
within thirty calendar days of such changes.

State of Missouri
Amend/Restate - Gen Bus 3 Page(s)

10407707101

(rrr

Article Number Eight is amended to read as follows:

ARTICLE EIGHT

To engage in any lawful business, act or activity for which corporations
may be organized under the General and Business Corporation Act of Missouri.

4. Of the Six Hundred Sixty-Six and Seven-Tenths (666.7) shares outstanding, all of
such shares were entitled to vote on such amendment.

The number of outstanding shares of any class entitled to vote thereon as a class
were as follows:

Class Number of Outstanding Shares
Common 666.7

5. The number of shares voted for and against the amendment was as follows:
Class No. Voted For No. Voted Against
Common 666.7 -0-

6. If the amendment changed the number or par value of authorized shares having a

par value, the amount in dollars of authorized shares having a par value as
changed is: $30,000.00.

If the amendment changed the number of authorized shares without par value, the
authorized number of shares without par value as changed and the consideration
proposed to be received for such increased authorized shares without par value as
are to be presently issued are: n/a.

7. If the amendment provides for an exchange, reclassification, or cancellation of
issued shares, or a reduction of the number of authorized shares of any class
below the number of issued shares of that class, the following is a statement of the
manner in which such reduction shall be effected: Each of the Six Hundred Sixty-
Six and Seven-tenths shares with a no par value issued and outstanding at this
time will be exchanged for Three Thousand (3,000) shares with a par value of
one-half cent ($.005) per share.

113619.doc

we

IN WITNESS WHEREOPF, the undersigned Akermin, Incorporated, has executed

this instrument and its Secretary has affixed its corporate seal hereto and attested said seal
onthe [l  dayof Mar lA , 2004.

AKERMIN, INCORPORATED

ATTEST:

nt) Men

SHELLEY MINTEER, Secretary

\

\

, President

STATE OF MISSOURI )

SS
COUNTY OF ST. LOUIS _)
L Joan adc , a Notary Public, do hereby certify that on
this day of MM ALLH- , 2004, personally appeared before me Niki

Akers who, being by me first duly sworn, declared that he is the President of Akermin,
Incorporated, that he signed the foregoing document as President of the corporation, and
that the statements therein contained are true.

NOTARIAL SEAL

My Commission Expires:

7286-0104: Akermin, Incorporated/Business Advice

Matt Blunt
Secretary of State

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
WHEREAS,

Akxermin, Incorporated
O04 s48i 0)

a corporation orgamzed under The General and Business Corporation Law has delivered
to me a Certilicate of Amendment of its Articles of Incorporation and has in all respects
compled with the requirements of law governing the Amendment of Articles of

ca

Incerporation under The General Business Corporation Law, and that the Articles of
Incorporation of said corporation are amended in accordance therewith.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOP, [have set
my hand and imprinted the GREAT SEAL
of the State of Missouri, on this, the 17th
day of March, 2004.

~

ook San wee ~

