File Number: 200321920744
Charter # 00534810
Date Filed: 08/07/2003 11:53 AM
Creation General Bi n ee Do a
- usiness - Domestic 3 Page(s) Secre
ir cord tary of State
MAN
Jefferson City, MO 65102
T0321920743

Articles of Incorporation

(To be submitted in duplicate by an attorney or an incorporator)

The undersigned natural person(s) of the age of eighteen years or more for the purpose of forming a corporation under the General and
Business Corporation Law of Missouri adopts the following Articles of Incorporation:

Article One

The name of the corporation is Akermin, incorporated.

Article Two

The address, including street and number, if any, of the corporation’s initial registered office in this state is

2150 Gregory Pacific Missouri 63069
(Street Address (P.O. Box may only be used in conjunction with a physical street address) City State/Zip

and the name of its initial agent at such address is Shelley Minteer

Article Three

The aggregate number, class and par value, if any, of shares which the corporation shall have authority to issue shall be:

1000 Common, no par

The preferences, qualifications, limitations, restrictions, and the special or relative rights, including convertible rights, if any, in
respect to the shares of each class are as follows:

None

Article Four

The extent, if any, to which the preemptive right of a shareholder to acquire additional shares is limited or denied.

None
Article Five

The name and place of residence of each incorporator is as follows:

Name Street City/State/Zip
Timothy J. Bates, Esq. 10 S. jackson Street, Suite 200 Belleville, IL 62220
Article Six

(Designate which and complete the applicable paragraph.)

CO The number of directors to constitute the first board of directors is .

Thereafter the number of directors shall be fixed by, or in the manner provided by the bylaws. Any changes in the number will be
reported to the Secretary of State within thirty calendar days of such change. (NOTE: If the number of directors is to be one or
two, do not check this box.)

OR

“\ The number of directors to constitute the board of directors is Two . (The number of directors to
constitute the board of directors must be stated herein if there are to be less than three directors. The person to constitute the first
board of directors may, but not need, be named.)

Article Seven

The duration of the corporation is perpetual

(indicate either perpetual or the date the corporation expires)

Article Eight

The corporation is formed for the following purposes: (add additonal page(s) as necessary)

To conduct business for a profit in the biotechnology fields and to do any all other legal acts as permitted general and
business corporations.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, these Articles of Incorporation have been signed on August 1, 2003.

_ August | ee

month/day/year
SE Timuth, Z. Gates.
Signature Printed Name
Signature Printed Name
Signature Printed Name

Signature Printed Name

State of Tilinors
. ss
County of S+. Claw

I, L or re A ‘ M o t* , A Notary Public, do hereby certify that on (8) f } - 3 | - 03
month/day/year

personally appeared before me ‘ f*) , and being duly sworn by me, acknowledged that
he/she signed as his/her own free act and deed the foregoing document in the capacity therein set forth and declared that the statements

therein contained are true.

IN WITNESS WHERECOF, I have hereunto set my hand and seal the day and year before written.

(Notarial Seal or Stamp) ck Mr a

Notary Public

My commission expires 0 \7Ooa 7 oO]
My County of Commission Ss t- Cc | aw

“OFFICIAL SEAL”

LORRI A.M -
Notary Public, State of Iilinols

My Commission Expires 01/02/07

Corp. #41 (12/02)
Matt Blunt
Secretary of State
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

WHEREAS, duphcate originals of Articles of Incorporation of

Axkermin, Incorporated
OOSS 4820

have been recetved and filed in the Office of the Secretary of State, which Articles, in all
respects, comply with the requirements of General and Business Corporation Law.

NOW, THEREFORE, I, MATT BLUNT, Secretary of State of the State of Missouri, de
by virtue of the authernty vested in me by law, do hereby certify and declare this entity a
body corporate, duly crgaruzed this date and that itis entitled te all rights and privileges
granted corporations organzed under the General and Business Corporation Law.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, T have set
my hand and imprinted the GREAT SEAL
of the State of Missouri, on this, the 7th day
of August, 2005.

VV\ crx Vt

