State of Delaware
Secretary of State

Division of Corporations
. Delivered 09:48 AM 02/17/2006
iD FILED 09:42 AM 02/17/2006
SRV 060150788 - 3898622 FILE

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AKORRI NETWORKS, INC.

(Pursuant to Sections 242 and 248 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)

Akorri Networks, Inc. (hereinafter called the Corporation”). a corporation organized and
existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation I aw of the State of Delaware. does
hereby certify as follows:

1. The name of the Corporation is Akorri Networks, Inc. The date of the filing of its
original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was
January 3, 2005. The Certificate of Incorporation was restated on February |, 2005.

2. ‘This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by unanimous written
consent of the board of directors and written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in
accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 141. 228, 242 and 245 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

3. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates, integrates and amends the
Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed February 1. 2005, and the text of the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated to read as herein set forth in full:

FIRST. The name of the Corporation is: Akar Networks, Inc.

SFCOND. _ The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation
Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street. in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name
of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD. The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the
Corporation is as follows:

To engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under
the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

FOURTH. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporatior.
shall have authority to issue is 30.593,104 shares, consisting of (i) 20,000,000 shares of Common
Stock. $.001 par value per share (“Common Stock”), and (i1) 10,593.104 shares of Preferred
Stock, $.001 par value per share (“Preferred Stock”), of which 5,300,000 shares shall be
designated “Series A Redeemable Preferred Steck” (the “Series A Preferred Stock”) and
5,293,104 shares shall be designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series B
Preferred Stock”).

The following is a statement of the designations and the powers. privileges and rights,
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect of each class of capital stock
of the Corporation. Unless otherwise indicated, references to “Sections” or “Subsections” in this
Article refer to sections and subsections of this Article Fourth.

USIDOCS 3388398+3
A. COMMON STOCK.

1. General. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the
Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights. powers and preferences of the holders
of the Preferred Stock set forth herein and as may be designated by resolution of the Board of
Directors with respect to any series of Preferred Stock as authorized herein.

2. Voting, The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share
of Common Stock held at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of meetings);
provided. however, that, except as otherwise required hy law, holders of Common Stock, as
such, shall not be entitled ta vote on any amendment to the Certificate af Incorporation that
telates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of
such affected series are entitled. either separately or together with the holders of one or more
other such series. to vote thereon pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation or pursuant to the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “General Corporation Law”). The
number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the
numbcr of sharcs thercof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding
shares of stock of the Corporation cntitkd to vote, irrespective of the provisions of
Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law.

B. PREFERRED STOCK.
I, Issuance and Reissuance.

Preterred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such
series to consist of such number of shares and to have such terms. rights, powers and
preferences, and the qualifications and limitations with respect thereto, as stated or expressed
herein and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series adopted by the
Board of Dircctors of the Corporation as hercinaftcr provided. Any shares of Preferred Stock
which may be redeemed, purchased or acquired by the Corporation may be reissued except as
otherwise provided by law or by the terms of any series of Preferred Stock.

2. Blank Check Preferred.

Subject to any vote expressly required by the Certiticate of Incorporation, authority is
hereby expressly granted to the Board of Directors from time to time to issue the Preferred Stock
in one or more series, and in connection with the creation of any such series, by resolution or
resolutions providing for the issue of the shares thereof, to determine and fix such voting powers,
full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative participating.
optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including
without limitation thereof, dividend rights, special voting rights, conversion rights, redemption
privileges and liquidation preferences, as shall be stated and expressed in such resolutions, all to
the full extent now or hereafter permitted by the General Corporation Law. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing. and subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock then
outstanding, the resvlulions providing for issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide

USTDOCS 538R398.3
that such series shall be superior or rank equally or be junior to the Preferred Stock of any other
series to the extent permitted by law.

C. SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK AND SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK.

The Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock are sometimes referred to
collectively herein as the “Series Preferred Stock.” The Series Preferred Stock has the following
rights, preferences, powers, privileges and restrictions, qualifications and limitavons,

I. Dividends.

(a) From and after the date of the issuance of any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, dividends zt the rale per annum of $0.0954 per share shall accrue on such shares of Series
A Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock
split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares) (the “Senes A Accruing
Dividends”). Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not eamed ur
declared, and shall be payable upon a declaration by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(b) The Corporation shall nut declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares
of Common Stock (other than dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock) unless the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock
then outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive. a dividend on each outstanding
share of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock. as the case may be, in an amount
equal to at least the product of (i) the per share dividend to be declared, paid or set aside for the
Common Stock, (ii) multiplied by (A) in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, the number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or (B) in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, the number
of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series B Preferred Stock are then
convertible.

2. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up; Certain Mergers, Consolidations and
Asset Sales.

(a) Payments to Holders of Series A Preferred Stock. In the event of any

voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets
available for distribution to its stockholders before any other payment shall be made to the
holders of Series B Preferred Stock or Common Stock. by reason of their ownership thereof, an
amount per share equal to the Series A Original Issue Price (as defined below). plus any
dividends declared but unpaid thereon (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is
hereinafter referred to as the “Series A Liquidation Amount”). If upon any such liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation the assets available for distribution to its
stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the full
aforesaid preferential amount to which they shall be entitled, the holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in
proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect o yf the shares
held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to ch share

were paid in full, on a pro rata basis. The “Series A Original Issue Price” shallmedn $1.59 pet

-3-

USTIDOCS $2883 98v3
share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split,
combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock.

(b) Payments to Holders of Series B Preferred Stock. In the event of any
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after the

payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid pursuant to Subsection 2(a) above, the
holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of
the assets available for distribution to its stockholders by reason of their ownership thereof, an
amount per share equal to the Series B Original Issue Price (as defined below), plus any
dividends declared but unpaid thereon (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is
hereinafter referred to as the “Series B Liquidation Amount’). If upon any such liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation the assets available for distribution to its
stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Scries B Preferred Stock the full
aforesaid preferential amount to which they shall be entitled, the holders of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in
proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares

held by them upun such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such .
were paid in full, on a pro rata basis. The “Series B Original Issue Price” shall npFSI90 be)
share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stoc Gol,
combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Series B Preferré :

(c) Payments to Holders of Common Stock. In the event of any voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after the payment of all

preferential amounts required to be paid pursuant to Subsections 2(a) and 2(b}-atiévet hé hotdars
of shares of Common Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to receive the’remaining assets of )

the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders as otherwise set forttrt
Certificate of Incorporation. ae

(cd) Deemed Liquidation Events.

(i) The following events shall be deemed to be a liquidation of the
Corporation, unless the holders of a majority of the Series Preferred Stock elect otherwise by
written notice given to the Corporation at least five (5) days prior to the effective date of any
such event (any such event, unless such an election is made, is referred to herein as a “Deemed
Liquidation Fvent”):

(A) a merger or consolidation in which
(1) the Corporation is a constituent party or

(I!) a subsidiary of the Corporation is a constituent party
and the Corporation issues shares of its capital stock
pursuant to such merger or consolidation.

except any such merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or a subsidiary in which the
shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
consolidation continue to represent, or are converted or exchanged for shares of capital stock
which represent, immediately following such merger or consolidation, at teast a majority, by

-4.

USIDCCS 538439303
|
iy hh Hit ) af the Capita Stock of (1) the surviving or resulting corporation or (2) if the

‘ ‘
surviving or resulting corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation
immediately following such merger or consolidation, the parent corporation of such surviving or
resulting corporation (provided that, for the purpose of this Subsection 2(c)(i), all shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options (as defined below) outstanding immediately
prior to such merger or consolidation or upon conversion of Convertible Securities (as defined
below) outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation shall be deemed to be
outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation and, if applicable, converted or
exchanged in such merger or consolidation on the same terms as the actual outstanding shares of
Common Stock are converted or exchanged); or

(B) the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition. in a single
transaction or series of related transactions, by the Corporation or any subsidiary of the
Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole, except where such sale. Icase, transfer or other disposition is to a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Corporation.

(ii) | The Corporation shall not have the power to effect any transaction
constituting a Deemed Liquidation Event pursuant to Subsection 2(c)(i)(A)(1) above unless the
agreement or plan of merger or consolidation provides that the consideration payable to the
stockholders of the Corporation shall be allocated among the holders of capital stuck of the
Corporation in accordance with Subsections 2(a) and 2(b) above.

(iii) —_ In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event pursuant to Subsection
2(c)(i AJC) or 2(c)(i)(B) above, if the Corporation does not effect a dissolution of the
Corporation under the General Corporation Law within 90 days after such Deemed Liquidation
Event, then (A) the Corporation shall deliver a written notice to each holder of Series Preferred
Stock no later than the 90" day after the Deemed Liquidation Event advising such holders of
their right (and the requirements to be met to secure such right) pursuant to the terms of the
following clause (B) to require the redemption of such shares of Series Preferred Stock, and (B)
if the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series Preferred Stock so request in
a written instrument delivered to the Corporation not later than 105 days after such Deemed
Liquidation Event, the Corporation shall use the consideration received by the Corporation for
such Deemed Liquidation Event (net of any retained liabilities associated with the assets sold, as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) (the “Net Proceeds’), to
the extent legally available for distribution to the stockholders of the Corporation, to redeem, on
the 120 day after such Deemed Liquidation Event (the “Liquidation Redemption Date”), all
outstanding shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock at a price per share equal to the Series A
Liquidation Amount and all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a price per share
equal to the Series B Liquidation Amount. In the event of a redemption pursuant to the
preceding sentence, if the Net Proceeds are not sufficient to redeem all outstanding shares of
Series Preferred Stock, or if the Corporation does not have sufficient lawfully available funds to
effect such redemption. the Corporation shall redeem a pro rata portion of each holder’s shares of
Series Preferred Stock to the fullest extent of such Net Proceeds or such lawfully available funds,
as the case may be, and, where such redemption is limited by the amount of lawfully available
funds, the Corporation shall redeem the remaining shares to have been redeemed as soon as
practicable after the Corporation has funds legally available therefor. The provisions of

-5-

USIDOCS 538839303
Subsections 6(b) through 6(e) below shall apply, with such necessary changes in the details
thereof as are necessitated by the context, to the redemption of the Series Preferred Stock
pursuant to this Subsection 2(c)(iii). Prior to the distribution or redemption provided for in this
Subsection 2(ci(iii), the Corporation shall not expend or dissipate the consideration received for
such Deemed Liquidation Event, except to discharge expenses incurred in connection with such
Deemed Liquidation Event or in the ordinary course of business.

(iv) | The amount deemed paid or distributed to the holders of capital
stock of the Corporation upon anv such merger, consolidation, sale. transfer other disposition or
redemption shall be the cash or the value of the property, rights or securities paid or distributed
to such holders by the Corporation or the acquiring person, firm or other entity. The value of
such property, rights or securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation.

°

3. Voting.

(a) Except as provided by law or by the provisions of Subsection 2(c) above,
3(c) or 3(d) below or pursuant to any contractual arrangements with the Corporation or its
stockholders, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote their Series A
Preferred Stock, but shall be entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders as if such holders
were holders of Common Stock.

(b) On any matter presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their
action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (or by wmtten action of
stockholders in lieu of meeting), each holder of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of whole sharcs of Common Stock
into which the shares of Scrics B Preferred Stock held by such holder are convertible as of the
record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matters. Except as provided by
law or by the provisions of Subsection 3({d) below, holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall vote
together with the holders of Common Stock, and with the holders of any other series of Preferred
Stock the terms of which so provide, as a single class.

(c) The holders of record of the shares of Series Preferred Stock, exclusively
and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of the Corporation (the
“Preferred Directors”). Any director elected as provided in the preceding sentence may be
removed without cause by, and only by, the aMfirmative vote of the holders of the shares of Series
Preferred Stock entitled to elect such director or directors, given either at a special meeting of
such stockholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a written consent of stockholders.
The holders of record of the shares of Common Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect the balance of the total number of directors of the Corporation. At anv
meeting held for the purpose of electing a director, the presence in person or by proxy of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the class or series entitled to elect such director
shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of electing such director. A vacancy in any
directorship filled by the holders of any class or series shall be filled only by vote or written
consent in lieu of a meeting of the holders of such class or series or by any remaining director or
directors elected by the holders of such class or series pursuant to this Subsection 3(c).

USIDOCS $38839843
(d) In addition to any other vote required by law or the Certificate of
Incorporation, so long as 1,293.750 shares of Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
without the written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series Preferred Stock, given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting
or voting (as the case may be) separately as a class, the Corporation shall not, either directly or
by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise:

(i) liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the business and affairs of the
Corporation. effect any Deemed Liquidation Event, effect any recapitalization or reclassification
of any of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation or consent to any of the foregoing:

(1) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation in a manner which materially and adversely affects
the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series Preferred Stock:

(iii) create any additional class or series of shares of stock unless the
same ranks junior to, or on a parity with, the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to the
distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up ofthe Corporation and with
respect to the payment of dividends and redemption rights, or increase the authorized number of
shares of Series Preferred Stock or increase the authorized number of shares of any additional
class or series of shares of stock unless the same ranks junior to, or on a parity with, the Series A
Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of asscts on the liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation and with respect to the payment of dividends and redemption
rights, or create or authorize any obligation or security convertible into shares of any class or
series of stock unless the same ranks junior to, or on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock
with respect lo the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation and with respect to the payment of dividends and redemption rights;

(iv) purchase or redeem or pay or declare any dividend or make any
distribution on, any shares of stock other than the Series Preferred Stock as expressly authorized
herein except for (A) dividends or other distributions payable on the Common Stock solely in the
form of additional shares of Common Stock, (B) securities repurchased from former employees,
officers, directors, consultants or other persons who performed services for the Corporation or
any subsidiary in connection with the cessation of such employment or service at the original
purchase price, or (C) repurchases pursuant to contractual rights of first refusal.

(Vv) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series
Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the Series Preferred Stock;

(vi) except as provided in Section 6(f), increase or decrease the
authorized number of directors constituting the Board of Directors: or

(vil) transfer a substantial portion of the Corporation’s assets or material
technology.

4, Optional Conversion The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

USIDOCS $388398y3
(a) Right to Convert.

(i) Conversion Ratio. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any Ume and from time to time, and without
the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series B Original Issue
Price (as defined below) by the Series B Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time
of conversion. The “Series B Original Issue Price” shal] mean $2.90 per share, subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other
similar recapitalization with respect to the Series B Preterred Stock. The ‘Series B Conversion
Price” shall initially be equal to $2.90. Such initial Series B Conversion Price. and the rate at
which shares of Series B Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shall
be subject to adjustment as provided below.

(ii) Termination of Conversion Rights. In the event of a notice of
redemption of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6, the Conversion
Rights of the shares designated for redemption shall terminate at the close of business on the last
full day preceding the date fixed for redemption, unless the redemption price 3s not fully paid on
such redemption date, in which case the Conversion Rights for such shares shall continue until
such price is paid in full. In the event of a liquidation. dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation or a Deemed Liquidation Event, the Conversion Rights shall terminate at the close
of business on the last full day preceding the date fixed for the payment of any such amounts
distributable on such event to the holders of Sees B Preferred Stock.

(b) — Fractionai Shares. No fractional] shares of Common Stock shal] be issued
upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the
holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Whether or not fractional shares would be issuable
upon such conversion shal] be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion

() Notice of Conversion In order for a holder of Series B Preferred
Stock to voluntarily convert shares of Series B Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock,
such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates for such shares of Series B Preferred
Stock (or, if such registered holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroved,
a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify
the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the
alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate), at the office of the transfer agent for the
Series B Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the Corporation if the Corporation serves as
its own transfer agent), together with written notice that such holder elects to convert all or any
number of the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock represented by such certificate or
certificates and, if applicable, any event on which such conversion is contingent. Such notice
shall state such holder’s name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes the

-8-

USIDOCS 538839803
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. If required by the
Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a
written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly
executed by the registered holder or his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. The close
of business on the date of receipt by the transfer agent (or by the Corporation if the Corporation
serves as its own transfer agent) of such certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement)
and notice shall be the time of conversion (the “Conversion Time”), and the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares represented by such certificate shall be deemed to
be outstanding of record as of such date. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after the
Conversion Time. issue and deliver to such holder of Series B Preferred Stock, or tu his, her or
its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof, a certificate for the number (if
any) of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock represented by the surrendered certificate that
were not converted into Common Stock, and cash as provided in Subsection 4(b) in lieu of any
fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion and payment of
any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Series B Preferred Stock converted,

(ii) Reservation of Shares. The Corporation shall at all times when the
Series B Preferred Stock shall be outstanding. reserve and keep available out of its authorized but
unissued capital stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series B Preferred
Stock, such number of its duly authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series B Preferred Stock; and if at any time
the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect
the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation
shall take such corporate action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes,
including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval
of any necessary amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation. Before taking any action which
would cause an adjustment reducing the Series B Conversion Price below the then par value of
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary
in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock at such adjusted Series B Conversion Price.

(iii) Effect of Conversion All shares of Series B Preferred Stock
which shall have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer he deemed
to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate
at the Conversion Time, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common
Stock in exchange therefor and to receive payment of any dividends declared but unpaid thereon.
Any shares of Series B Preferred Stock so converted shall be retired and cancelled and may not
be reissued as shares of such series, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate
action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized
number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock accordingly.

(iv) | No Further Adjustment. Upon any such conversion, no adjustment
to the Series B Conversion Price shall be made for any declared but unpaid dividends on the

USIDOCS $38839803

Series B Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon
conversion.

(v) Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other
similar taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares of Common
Stock upon conversion of shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section4. The
Corporation shall not, however. be required to pay any tax which may he payable in respect of
any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other
than that in which the shares of Series B Preferred Stock so converted were registered, and no
such issuance or delivery shall be made unless and until the person or entity requesting such
issuance has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established, to the
satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

(d) Adjustments to Series B Conversion Price tor Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Article Fourth, the
following definitions shall apply:

(A) “Option” shall mean rights. options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(B) “Series B Original Issue Date” shal] mean the date on
which the first share of Series B Preferred Stock was issued.

(C) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, but excluding Options.

(D) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all
shares of Common Stock issued (or. pursuant to Subsection 4(d)(iii) below, deemed to be issued)
by the Corporation after the Series B Original Issue Date, other than the following shares of
Common Stock, and shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to the following Options
and Convertible Securities (collectively “Exempted Securities”):

(1) shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities issued as a dividend or distribution on
Series B Preferred Stock;

(II} shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to Section
4.8 of the Amended and Restated Investor Rights
Agreement dated on or about the date of the filing
of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation;

(lll) shares of Common Stock. Options or Convertible
Securities issued by reason of a dividend, stock
split, split-up or other distribution on shares of
Common Stock that is covered by Subsection 4(e),
4(f), 4(g) or 4(h) below;

-{0-

USIDOCS $338393.3
USIDOCS $388393v3

(IV)

(V)

(V1)

(VID

(VIII)

the issuance of up to 3,800,000 shares of capital
stock or such greater number as is approved by vote
of the Preferred Directors or Options with respect
thereto (subject in either case to appropriate
adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations and similar events occurring after
the date of this Agreement), issued or issuable to
employees, directors or officers of, or consultants
to, the Company or any Company Subsidiary
pursuant to any plan, agreement or arrangement
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company
less the number of shares (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like
and including all such shares issued prior to the date
of the filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation) issued or issuable to such persons
pursuant to Options, Convertible Securities or other
rights outstanding as of the date of the filing of this
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Common
Stock (it being understood that any shares subject to
options that expire or terminate unexercised or any
restricted stock repurchased by the Company shall
not be counted towards the maximum number sct
forth in this clause unless and until regranted or
reissued pursuant to any such plan, agreement or
arrangement);

the issuance of securitics solely in consideration for
the acquisition by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary of any technology or license pursuant to
any agreement or arrangement approved by the
Board of Directors:

the issuance of securities to a nom financial
corporation in connection with a license,
distribution, development, foundry or similar
agreement approved by the Board of Directors:

the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to that
certain Warrant for the Purchase of Stock held by
Comerica Bank; or

the issuance of up to an aggregate of 100.000 shares
of capital stock, or the grant of options or warrants
therefor, in connection with any present or furure
borrowing. line of credit, leasing or similar

-l}-
financing arrangement approved by the Board of
Directors of the Company.

(ii) | No Adjustment of Series B Conversion Price. No adjustment in
the Series B Conversion Price shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock if the Corporation receives written notice from the holders
of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock agreeing that no
such adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(iii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(A) — Ifthe Corporation at any time or from time to time after the
Series B Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities (excluding
Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities) or shall fix a
record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such
Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set
forth in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
exercisability, convertibility or exchangeability but without regard to any provision contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options
or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of
the time of such issuc or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of
business on such record date.

(B) If the terms of any Option or Convertible Security, the
issuance of which resulted in an adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price pursuant to the
terms of Subsection 4(d)({iv) below, are revised as a result of an amendment to sucli terms or any
other adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but
excluding automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to ant+dilution or similar provisions of
such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase or decrease in the
uumber of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of
any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase or decrease in the consideration
payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, then. effective upon
such increase or decrease becoming effective, the Series B Conversion Price computed upon the
original issue of such Option or Convertible Security (or upon the occurrence of a record date
with respect thereto) shall be readjusted to such Series B Conversion Price as would have
obtained had such revised terms been in effect upon the original date of issuance of such Option
or Convertible Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no readjustment pursuant to this
clause (B) shall have the effect of increasing the Series B Conversion Price to an amount which
exceeds the lower of (i) the Series B Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the original
adjustment made as a result of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security, or (ii) the
Series B Conversion Price that would have resulted from any issuances of Additional Shares of
Common Stock (other than decmed issuances of Additional Shares of Cominon Stock as a result
of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security) between the onginal adjustment date and
such readjustment date.

-]2-

USI DOCS 238839803
(C) If the terms of any Option or Corvertible Security
(excluding Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities), the
issuance of which did not result in an adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price pursuant to
the terms of Subsection 4(d)(iv) below (either because the consideration per share (determined
pursuant to Subsection 4(d)(v) hereof) of the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject
thereto was equal to or greater than the Series B Conversion Price then in effect, or because such
Option or Convertible Security was issued before the Series B Original Issue Date), are revised
after the Series B Original! Issue Date as a result of an amendment to such terms or any other
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding
automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to antidilution or similar provisions of such
Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase or decrease in the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of any such
Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase or decrease in the consideration payable to the
Corporation upon such exercise, conversion or exchange, then such Option or Convertible
Security, as so amended or adjusted, and the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto
(determined in the manner provided in Subsection 4(d)(iii)(A) above) shall be deemed to have
been issued effective upon such increase or decrease becoming effective.

(D) — Upon the expiration or termination of any unexercised
Option or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Sccurity (or portion thereof) which resulted
(either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Series B
Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Subsection 4(d)(iv) below, the Series B Conversion
Price shall be readjusted to such Series B Conversion Price as would have obtained had such
Option or Convertible Security (or portion thereof) never been issued.

(E) If the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option ur Convertible Security, or the
consideration payable to the Corporation upon swh exercise, conversion and/or exchange, is
calculable at the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or amended but is subject to
adjustment based upon subsequent events, any adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price
provided for in this Subsection 4(d)(iii) shall be effected at the time of such issuance or
amendment based on such number of shares or amount of consideration without regard to any
provisions for subsequent adjustments (and any subsequent adjustments shall be treated as
provided in clauses (B) and (C) of this Subsection 44(d)(iii)). tf the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or
Convertible Security, or the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise,
conversion and/or exchange, cannot be calculated at all at the time such Option or Convertible
Security is issued or amended, any adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price that would result
under the terms of this Subsection 4.4.3 at the time of such issuance or amendment shall instcad
be effected at the time such number of shares and/or amount of consideration is first calculable
(even if subject to subsequent adjustments), assuming for purposes of calculating such
adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price that such issuance or amendment tvok place at the
time such calculation can first be made.

(iv) Adjustment_of Serics B Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the

Serics B Original Issue Date issue Additional Shares of Common Stuck (including Additional

-13-

US!DOCS £388398v3
Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Subsection 4(d)iii)), without
consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series B Conversion Price in effect
fnmediately prior to stich issue, then the-Series B Conversion Price shall be reduced.
concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent)
determined in accordance with the following formula:

CP; =CP, * (A+B) +(A-C).
For purposes of the foregoing formula, the following definitions shall apply:

(A) “CP»” shall mean the Series B Conversion Price in effect
immediately after such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock

(B) “CP,” shall mean the Series B Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock;

(C) “A” shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock (treating for
this purpase as outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options
outstanding immediately prior to such issue or upon conversion or exchange of Convertible
Securities (including the Series B Preferred Stock) outstanding (assuming exercise of any
outstanding Options therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

(D)  “B” shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued if such Additional Shares of Common Stock had been issued at a
price per share equal to CP, (determined by dividing the aggregate consideration received by the
Corporation in respect of such issue by CP,); and

(E)  “C” shall mean the number of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock issued in such transaction.

(v) Determination of Consideration For purposes of this
Subsection 4(d), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) — Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(I) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the
Corporation, excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest:

(il) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the
time of such issue, as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation; and

-14-
USIDOCS £388398v3
(Ill) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock
are issued together with other shares or securities or
other assets of the Corporation for consideration
which covers both, be the proportion of such
consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (i) and (ii) above. as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(B) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per
share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been
issucd pursuant to Subsection 4(d){iii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shal! be
determined by dividing

(1) the total amount. if any, received or receivable by
the Corporation as consideration for the issue of
such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional
consideration (as set forth in the instruments
relating thereto. without regard to any provision
contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of
such consideration) payable to the Corporation upon
the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the
case of Options for Convertible Securities, the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities
and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, by

(LL) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
(as set forth in the instruments relating thereto,
without regard to any provision contained therein
for a subsequent adjustment of such number)
issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securities and the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(vi) | Mulaple Closing Datcs. In the event the Corporation shall issue on
more than one date Additional Shares of Common Stock that are a part of one transaction or a
series of related transactions and that would result in an adjustment to the Series B Conversion
Price pursuant to the tenns of Subsection 4(d)(iv) above then, upon the final such issuance, the
Series B Conversion Price shall be readjusted to give effect to all such issuances as if they
occurred on the date of the first such issuance (and without giving effect to any additional
adjustments as a result of any such subsequent issuances within such period).

-15-

USIDOCS 538839803
(e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation shall at
any time or from time to time after the Series B Original Issue Date effect a subdivision of the

outstanding Common Stock, the Series B Conversion Price in effect immediately before that
subdivision shall be proportionately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of cach share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such
increase in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Jf the Corporation
shall at any time or from time to time aftcr the Series B Original Issue Date combine the
vulslanding shares of Common Stock. the Series B Conversion Price in effect immediately
before the combination shall be proportionately increased so that thc number of shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in
proportion to such decrease in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Any adjustment under this subsection shall become effective at the close of business on the date
the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(f) Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distnbutions. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Series B Original Issue Date shall make or
issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive.
a dividend or other distribution payable on the Common Stock in additional shares of Common
Stock, then and in each such event the Series B Conversion Price in effect immediately before
such event shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such a record date
shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying the Series B
Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

(1) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date, and

(2) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in
payment of such dividend or distribution.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) if suck record date shal! have been fixed and such
dividend is not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the
Scrics B Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such
record date and thereafter the Series B Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this
subsection as of the time of actual payment of such dividends or distributions; and (b) that no
such adjustment shall be made if the holders of Series B Preferred Stock simultancously reecive
a dividend or other distribution of shares of Common Stock in a number equal to the number of
shares of Common Stock as they would have received if all outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

(g) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Series B Original Issue Date shall make or

issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive,
a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the Corporation (other than a distribution
of shares of Common Stock in respect of outstanding shares of Common Stock) or in cash or

-16-
USIDOCS 53883¢8s3
other property and the provisions of Section | do not apply to such dividend or distribution, then
and in each such event the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall receive, simultaneously with
the distribution to the holders of Common Stock, a dividend or other distribution of such
securities or other property in an amount equal to the amount of such securities or other property
as they would have received if all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock had heen
converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

(h) Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization, etc. Subject to the provisions
of Subsection 2.3, if there shall occur any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
consolidation or merger involving the Corporation in which the Common Stock (but not the
Series B Preferred Stock) is converted into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property
(other than a transaction covered by Subsections 4(d), 4(f) or 4(g)), then, following any such
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification. consolidation or merger, each share of Series B
Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible in lieu of the Common Stock into which it was
convertible prior to such cvent into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property
which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation issuable upon
conversion of one share of Scries B Preferred Stock immediately prior to such reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger would have been entitled to reccive
pursuant to such transaction; and, in such case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) shall be made in the application of the
provisions in this Section4 with respect to the rights and interests thereafter of the holders of the
Series RB Preferred Stack, to the end that the provisions set forth in this Section4 (including
provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the Series B Conversion Price)
shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to any securities or
other property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock.

(i) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Series B Conversion Price pursuant to this Section4, the Corporation at its
expense shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable, compute such adjustment or readjustment
in accordance with the terms hereof’ and furnish to each holder of Series B Preferred Stock a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment (including the kind and amount of
securities, cash or other property into which the Series B Preferred Stock is convertible) and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the written request at any time of
any holder of Scrics B Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a
certificate setting forth (i) the Scries B Conversion Price then in effect, and (ii) the number of
shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities. cash or property which then
would be received upon the conversion of Series B Preferred Stock.

(j) Notice of Record Date. In the event:

(A) the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of its
Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon conversion of the
Scrics B Preferred Stock) for the purpose of entitling or enabling them to reccive anv dividend or
other distribution, or to receive any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or any other securities, or to receive any other security: or

-17-

USIDOCS 5388298¥3
(B) of any capital reorganization of the Corporation, any
reclassification of the Common Stock of the Corporation. or any Deemed Liquidation Event; ur

(C) — of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or
wind ing- up of the Corporation,

then, and in each such case. the Corporation will send or cause to be sent to the holders of
the Series Preferred Stock a notice specifying, as the case may be, (i) the record date for such
dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or
right, or (ii) the effective date on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding- up is proposed to take place. and the time, if
any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such other capital
stock or securities at the time issuable upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock) shall
be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or securities)
for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding- up, and the amount per share
and character of such exchange applicable to the Series Preferred Stock and the Common Stock.
Such notice shall be sent at least 10 days prior to the record date or effective date for the event
specified in such notice.

5. Mandatory Conversion

(a) Trigger Events. Upon the earlier of (i) the closing of the sale of shares of
Common Stock to the public at a price of at least $5.80 per share (subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization affecting such shares), in a firm-commitment underwntten public offering
pursuant to an cffective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
resulting in at Icast $20,000,000 of proceeds, net of the underwriting discount and commissions,
to the Corporation (the time of such closing is referred to herein as the “Mandatory Conversion
Time’), or (ii) a date agreed to in writing by the holders of at least a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class, (A) all
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of
Common Stock, at the then effective conversion rate and (B) such shares may not be reissued by
the Corporation.

(b) Procedural Requirements. All holders of record of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be sent written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Time and the place
designated for mandatory conversion of all such shares of Series B Preferred Stuck pursuant to
this Section5. Such notice need not be sent in advance of the occurrence of the Mandatory
Conversion Time. Upon receipt of such notice, each holder of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
shall surrender his, her or its certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if such holder
alleges that such certificate has heen lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and
agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any
claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or
destruction of such certificate) to the Corporation at the place designated in such notice, and shal]
thereafter receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is
entitled pursuant to this SectionS. At the Mandatory Conversion Time, all outstanding shares of

-18-

USIDOCS $388398+3
Series B Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have been converted into shares of Common Stock,
which shall be deemed to be outstanding of record, and al! rights with respect to the Series B
Preferred Stock so converted, including the rights, if any, to receive notices and vote (other than
as a holder of Common Stock), will terminate, except only the rights of the holders thereof. upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) therefor,
to receive the items provided for in the last sentence of this Subsection 5.2. If so required by the
Corporation. certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written
instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by
the registered holder or by his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. As soon as
practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Time and the surrender of the certificate or
certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agrecment) for Series B Preferred Stock, the
Corporation shall issue and deliver to such holdcr, or to his, her or its nominees, a certificate or
certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such conversion in
accordance with the provisions hereof, together with cash as provided in Subsection4.2 in licu of
any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion and the
payment of any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Series B Preferred Stock
converted.

(c) Effect of Mandatory Conversion All shares of Serics B Preferred Stock
shall. from and after the Mandatory Conversiun Time, no longer be deemed to be outstanding
and, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender the certificates for
such shares on or prior to such time, all rights with respect to such shares shall immediately
cease and terminate at the Mandatory Conversion Time, except only the right of the holders
thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and to receive payment of any
dividends declared but unpaid thereon. Such converted Series B Preferred Stock shal! be retired
and cancelled and may not be reissued as shares of such series, and the Corporation may
thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be
necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock accordingly.

6. Redemption

(a) Redemption Shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock shall be redeemed by the Corporation out of funds lawfully available therefor at a price
equal to the Series A Original Issue Price or the Series B Original Issue Price, as the case may
be, per share, plus all declared but unpaid dividends thereon (the “Redemption Price’’), upon (A).
in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, the earliest of (i) the closing of a sale of shares of
Common Stock to the public (a ‘Public Offering”), (ii) unless waived by the holders of a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the occurrence of any of the
events described in subsections 2(c)(i)(A) through 2(c)i)(B) above (each an “Acquisition
Event”) or (iii) upon the receipt by the Corporation from the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock of a written notice requesting redemption of all
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, at any time after the date that is five years following the date
of the filing of this Certificate of Incorporation and (B), in the case of the Series B Preferred
Stock. upon the receipt by the Corporation from the holders of a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series Preferred Stock of a written notice requesting redemption of all shares of Series
Preferred Stock, at any time after the date that is six years following the date of the filing of this
Certificate of Incorporation. Any request for redemption made pursuant to clauses (A)(iii) or (B)

-}9-
USIDOCS $388393v3
above shall be a “Redemption Request”. Within ten (10) days of a Public Offering or upon an
Acquisition Event, the Corporation shall be obligated to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (such dates. respectively, the “Public Offering
Redemption Date” and the “Acquisition Redemption Date’’). In the case of a Redemption
Request, the Corporation shall redeem the shares of Scries Preferred Stock of the holders of
Scrics Preferred Stock in three equal annual installments commencing 60 days after the
Corporation receives the Redemption Request (the date of each such installment being referred
to as a “Request Redemption Date,” and collectively with the Public Offering Redemption Date,
the Acquisition Redemption Date and the Request Redemption Dates as a “Redemption Date’).
On each Request Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem, on a pro rata basis in
accordance with the number of shares of Series Preferred Stock, owned by cach holder, that
number of outstanding shares of Series Preferred Stock determined by dividing (1) the total
number of shares of Series Preferred Stock, outstanding immediately prior to such Request
Redemption Date by (ii) the number of remaining Request Redemption Dates (including the
Request Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). If the Corporation does not have
sufficient funds legally available ta redeem on any Redemption Date all shares of Series
Preferred Stock, as the case may he, and of any other class or series of stock to be redeemed on
such Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem a pro rata portion of each holder’s
redeemable shares of such stock out of funds legally available therefor, based on the respective
amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares to be redeemed if the legally
available funds were sufficient to redeem all such shares. and shall redeem the remaining shares
to have been redeemed as soon as practicable after the Corporation has funds legally available
therefor.

(b) Redemption Notice. Written notice of the mandatory redemption (the
“Redemption Notice”) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to each holder of record of Series A
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at its post office address last
shown on the records of the Corporation, or given by electronic communication in compliance
with the provisions of the General Corporation Law, (i) not less than 40 days prior to a Request
Redemption Date and (ii) in the case of a Public Offering Redemption Date or an Acquisition
Redemption Date, as suon as practicable prior to such event. Each Redemption Notice shall
state:

(I) the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or
Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, held
by the holder that the Corporation shall redeem on
the Redemption Date specified in the Redemption
Notice;

(II) the Redemption Date and thc Redemption Price;
and

(III) — that the holder is to surrender to the Corporation, in
the manner and at the place designated, his, her or
its certificate or certificates representing the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred
Stock, as the case may be, to be redeemed.

-20-

USIDOCS 5388398.3
(c) Surrender of Certificates; Payment. On or before the applicable
Redemption Date, each holder of shares of Series Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such
Redemption Date shall surrender the certificate or certificates representing such shares to the
Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon
the Redemption Price for such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name
appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof, and each surrendered certificate
shall be canceled and retired. In the event less than all of the shares of Series Preferred Stock
represented by a certificate are redeemed, a new certificate representing the unredeemed shares
of Series Preferred Stock shall promptly be issued to such holder.

(d) Rights Subsequent to Redemption If the Redemption Notice shall have
been duly given, and if on the applicable Redemption Date the Redemption Price payable upon
rcdemption of the shares of Series Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such Redemption Date is
paid or tendered for payment or deposited with an independent payment agcnt so as to be
available therefor, then notwithstanding that the certificates evidencing any of the shares of
Series Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall not have been surrendered, dividends with
respect to such shares of Series Preferred Stock shall cease to accrue after such Redemption Date
and all rights with respect to such shares shall forthwith after the Redemption Date terminate,
except only the right of the holders to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor.

(e) Redeemed or Otherwise Acquired Shares. Any shares of Series Preferred
Stock which are redeemed or otherwise acquired by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
shall be automatically and immediately canceled and shall not be reissued, sold or transferred.
Neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries may exercise any rights granted to the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock following redemption of the Series A
Preferred Stock or the Series B Preferred Stock. as the case may be,

(f) Failure to Redeem In the event that the Corporation fails on any
Redemption Date to redeem the full number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock scheduled to
be redeemed on such Redemption Date, for any reason including, but not limited to, lack of
sufficient legally available funds, then, beginning on such default date and continuing until such
time as all of the Series A Preferred Stock required to have been redeemed on such Redemption
Date shall have been redeemed in full, the total number of directors constituting the entire Board
of Directors shall automatically be increased by two (2) and the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall immediately have the right to designate the two (2) new members of the Board of
Directors.

7. Corporate Opportunity. The Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of
the Corporation in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any Excluded
Opportunity. An “Excluded Opportunity” is any matter, transaction or interest that is presented
to, or acquired, created or developed by, or which otherwise comes into the possession of, (i) any
director of the Corporation who is not an employee of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries,
or (it) any holder of Series Preferred Stock or any partner, member, director, stockholder.
employee or agent of any such holder, other than someone who is an employee of the
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, (Covered Persons”). unless such matter.
transaction or interest is presented to. or acquired, created or developed by, or otherwise comes

2I-

UStEDOCS $338393.3
into the possession of. a Covered Person expressly and solely in such Covered Person’s capacity
as a director of the Corporation.

8. Waiver. Any of the righls, powers, preferences and other terms of the Series
Preferred Stock set forth herein may be waived by the affirmative consent or vote of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Series Preferred Stock then outstanding unless such waiver
concerns rights which are (i) unique to the Series B Preferred Stock, in which case such waiver
shall not be effective without the affirmative consent or vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding or (ii) unique to the Series A Preferred
Stock, in which case such waiver shall not be effective without the affirmative consent or vote of
the holders of a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding.

FIFTH: The Corporation shall provide indemnification as follows:

I. Actions, Suits and Proceedings Other than by or in the Right of the Corporation
The Corporation shall indemnify each person who was or is a party or threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed ac:ion, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by
reason of the fact that he or she is or was, or has agreed to become, a director or officer of the
Corporation, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at the request of the Corporation, as a
director, officer, partner, employee or trustee of, or in a similar capacity with, another
corporation. partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including any employee benefit
plan) (all such persons being referred to hercafter as an “Indemnitee™’). or by reason of any action
alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys’
fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by or on
behalf of Indemnilee in connection with such action, suil or proceeding and any appeal
therefrom, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably
believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was
unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement,
conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a
presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to. the best interests of the Corporation, and, with
Tespect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her
conduct was unlawful.

2. Actions or Suits by or in the Right of the Corporation The Corporation shall
indemnify any Indemnitee who was or is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any

threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a
judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was, or has agreed to become, a
director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at the request
of the Corporation, as a director, officer, partner, employee or trustee of, or in a similar capacity
with, another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including any
cmployce benciit plan), or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such
capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees) and, to the extent permitted by law,
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in
connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, if Indemnitee acted in

-22-

USIDOCS $38329843
good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the
best interests of the Corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made under this Section
2 in respect ofany claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged to be
liable to the Corporation, unless, and only to the extent, that the Court of Chancery of Delaware
shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of such liability but in view of all
the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) which the Court of Chancery of Delaware shall deem

proper.
3. Indemnification for Expenses of Successful Party. Notwithstanding any other

provisions of this Article, to the extent that an Indemnitee has been successful, on the merits or
otherwise, in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections | and 2 of this
Article FIFTH, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, or on appeal from any such
action, suit or procceding, Indcmnitce shall be indemnificd against all expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection
therewith.

4, Notification and Defense of Claim. As a condition precedent to an Indemnitce’s
right to be indemnified, such Indemnitee must notify the Corporation in writing as soon as
practicable of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnitee for which
indemnity will or could be sought. With respect to any action, suit, proceeding or investigation
of which the Corporation is so notified, the Corporation will be entitled to participate therein at
its own expense and/or to assume the defense thereof at its own expense, with legal counsel
reasonably acceptable to Indemnitee. After notice from the Corporation to Indemnitee of its
election so to assume such defense, the Corporation shall not be liable to Indemnitee for any
legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, other than as provided below in this Section 4. Indemnitee shall
have the right to employ his or her own counsel in connection with such action, suit, proceeding
or investigation, but the fees and expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the
Corporation of its assumption of the defense thereof shall be at the expense of Indemnitee unless
(i) the employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been authorized by the Corporation, (ii)
counsel to Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest or
position on any significant issue between the Corporation and Indemnitce in the conduct of the
defense of such action, suit, proceeding or investigation or (iii) the Corporation shal! not in fact
have employed counscl to assume the defense of such action, suit, proceeding or investigation, in
cach of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel for Indemnitce shall be at the expense of
the Corporation, except as otherwise expressly provided by this Article. The Corporation shall
not be entitled, without the consent of Indemnitee, to assume the defense of any claim brought by
or in the right of the Corporation or as to which counsel for Indemnilee shall have reasonably
made the conclusion provided for in clause (ii) above. The Corporation shall not be required to
indemnify Indemnitee under this Article FIFTH for any amounts paid in settlement of any action,
suit, proceeding or investigation effected without its written consent. The Corporation shall not
settle any action, suit, proceeding or investigation in any manner which would impose any
penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee’s written consent. Neither the
Corporation nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold or delay its consent to any proposed
settlement.

-23-

USIDGCS 538839303
5. Advance of Expenses. Subject to the provisions of Section 6 of this Article
FIFTH, in the event that the Corporation does not assume the defense pursuant to Section 4 of
this Article FIFTH of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation of which the Corporation
receives notice under this Article, any expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by or on
behalf of an Indemnitee in defending an action, suit, proceeding or investigation or any appeal
therefrom shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such matter:
provided, however, that the payment of such expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in
advance of the final disposition of such matter shall be made only upon reccipt of an undcrtaking
by or on behalf of Indermnitcc to repay all amounts so advanced in the cvent that it shall
ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as
authorized in this Article; and further provided that no such advancement of expenses shall be
inade under this Article FIFTH if it is determined (in the manner described in Section 6) that (i)
Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or
not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation, or (ii) with respect to any criminal action or
proceeding. Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Such
undertaking shall be accepted without reference to the financial ability of Indemnitee to make
such repayment.

6. Procedure for Indemnification [tn order to obtain indemnification or
advancement of expenses pursuant to Section 1, 2, 3 or 5 of this Article FIFTH, an Indemnitee
shall submit to the Corporation a written request. Any such advancement of expenses shall be
made promptly, and in any event within 30 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written
request of Indemnitee, unless the Corporation determines within such 30 day period that
Indemnitee did not meet the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1. 2 or 5 of this
Article FIFTH, as the case may be. Any such indemnification, unless ordered by a court, shall
be made with respect to requests under Section | or 2 only as authorized in the specific casc
upon a determination by the Corporation that the indemnification of Indemnitee is proper
because Indemnitce has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section | or 2, as the
case may be. Such determination shall be made in each instance (a) by a majonty vote of the
directors of the Corporation consisting of persons who are not at that time parties to the action,
suit or proceeding in question (‘‘disinterested directors”), whether or not a quorum}, (b) by a
committee of disinterested directors designated by majority vote of disinterested directors.
whether or not a quorum, (c) if there are no disinterested directors, or if the disinterested
directors so direct, by independent legal counsel (who may, to the extent permitted by law, be
regular legal counsel to the Comoration) in a written opinion, or (d) by the stockholders of the
Corporation.

7. Remedies. The right to indemnification or advancement of expenses as grarted
by this Article shall be enforceable by Indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Neither the failure of the Corporation to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of such action that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met
the applicable standard of conduct. nor an actual determination by the Corporation pursuant to
Section 6 of this Article FIFTH that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct,
shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the
applicable standard of conduct. Indemnitee’s expenses (including attorncys’ fees) reasonably
incurred in connection with successfully establishing Indemnitce’s right to indemnification, in
whole or in part, in any such proceeding shall also be indemnified by the Corporation.

-24-

USIDOCS £388398v3
8. Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, except es
set forth in Section 7 of this Article FIFTH, the Corporation shall not indemnify an Indemnitee
pursuant to this Article FIFTH in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such
Indemnitee unless the initiation thereof was approved by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, the Corporation shall not
indemnify an Indemnitee to the extent such Indemnitee is reimbursed from the proceeds of
insurance, and in the event the Corporation makes any indemnification payments to an
Indemnitee and such Indemnitee is subsequently reimbursed from the proceeds of insurance.
Indemnitee shall promptly refund such indemnification payments to the Corporation to the extent
of such insurance reimbursement.

9. Subsequent Amendment. No amendment. termination or repeal of this Article or
of the relevant provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or any other applicabie
laws shall affect or diminish in any way the nghts of any Indemnitee to indemnification under
the provisions hereof with respect to any action, suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of
or relating to any actions, transactions or facts occurring prior to the final adoption of such
amendment, termination or repeal.

10. Other Rights. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this
Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which an Indemnitee seeking
indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any law (common or
statutory), agreement or vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to
action in Indemnitee’s officia! capacity and as to action in any other capacity while holding
office for the Corporation, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased lo be a direclor
or officer, and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors and administrators of
Indemnitee. Nothing contained in this Article shall be deemed to prohibit, and the Corporation is
specifically authorized to enter into, agreements with officers and directors providing
indemnification rights and procedures different from those set forth in this Article. In addition,
the Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by its Board of Directors, grant
indemnification rights to other employees or agents of the Corporation or other persons serving
the Corporation and such rights may be equivalent to, or greater or less than, those set forth in
this Article.

Il. Partial Indemnification If an Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Article to indemnification by the Corporation for some or a portion of the expenses (including
attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred
by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or investigation
and any appeal therefrom but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Corporation shall
nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion of such expenses (including attorncys’ fecs),
judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement to which Indemnitee is entitled.

12. Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expensc,
to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including any employee benefit
plan) against any expense, liability or loss incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of
his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such
person against such expense, liability or loss under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

-25-

USIDOCS $34839303
13. Savings Clause. If this Article or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any
ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify
each Indemnitee as to any expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settlement in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil,
criminal or administrative, including an action by or in the right of the Corporation, to the fullest
extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article that shall not have been invalidated and
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

14. Definitions. Terms used herein and defined in Section 145(h) and Section 145(1)
of the Gencral Corporation Law of Delaware shall have the respective meanings assigned to such
terms in such Section 145(h) and Section 145(1).

USIDOCS 538£398~3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
executed by a dulv authorized officer of the Corporation on this 16" day of February, 2006.

By:____/s/ Richard J. Corley
Richard J. Corley
President

-27-

USIDOCS §38839803
