FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 = (TUE) 8.21°07 8:01/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 2

State of Delaware
Secre of State

Division o. corporations
Delivered 08:50 08/21/2007

FILED 08:39 AM 08/21/2007
SRV 070940124 - 3898622 FILE

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AKORRI NETWORKS, INC.

(Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)

Akorri Networks, Inc. (hereinafter called the “Corporation”), a corporation organized and
existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does
hereby certify as follows:

1. The name of the Corporation is Akorri Networks, Inc. The date of the filing of its
original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was
January 3, 2005, The Certificate of Incorporation was restated on February 1, 2005 and again on
February 17, 2006,

2. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by unanimous written
consent of the board of directors and written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in
accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 141, 228, 242 and 245 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

3. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates, integrates and amends the
Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed February 17, 2006, and the text of the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated to read as herein set forth in full:

FIRST. The name of the Corporation is: Akorri Networks, Inc.

SECOND. The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation
Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name
of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD. The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the
Corporation is as follows:

To engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under
the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

FOURTH. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation
shall have authority to issue is 40,249,157 shares, consisting of (i) 25,000,000 shares of Common
Stock, $.001 par value per share (“Common Stock”), and (ii) 15,249,157 shares of Preferred
Stock, $.001 par value per share (‘Preferred Stock”), of which 5,300,000 shares shall be
designated “‘Scries A Redeemable Preferred Stock” (the “Series A Preferred Stock”), 5,261,657
shares shall be designated Scries B Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred Stock”)

and 4,687,500 shares shall be designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series C
Preferred Stock”).

The following is a stalement of the designations and the powers, privileges and rights,
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect of each class of capital stock

USIDOCS 6307786v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 = (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:02/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 3

of the Corporation. Unless otherwise indicated, references to “Sections” or “Subsections” in this
Article refer to sections and subsections of this Article Fourth.

A. COMMON STOCK.

1. General. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the
Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of the holders
of the Preferred Stock set forth herein and as may be designated by resolution of the Board of
Directors with respect to any series of Preferred Stock as authorized herein.

2, Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share
of Common Stock held at all meetings of stockkolders (and written actions in lieu of meetings);
provided, however, that, cxcept as otherwise required by law, holdcrs of Common Stock, as
such, shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that
relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of
such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more
other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation or pursuant to the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “General Corporation Law”). The
number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the
number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding
shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of
Section 242(b)(2) of the Gencral Corporation Law.

B. PREFERRED STOCK.

1. Issuance and Reissuance.

Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such
series to consist of such number of shares and to have such terms, rights, powers and
preferences, and the qualifications and limitations with respect thereto, as stated or expressed
herein and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series adopted by the
Board of Directors of the Corporation as hereinafter provided. Any shares of Preferred Stock
which may be redeemed, purchased or acquired by the Corporation may be reissued except as
otherwise provided by law or by the terms of any series of Preferred Stock.

2. Blank Check Preferred.

Subject to any vote expressly required by the Certificate of Incorporation, authority is
hereby expressly granted ty the Board of Directors from time to time to issue the Preferred Stock
in one or more series, and in connection with the creation of any such series, by resolution or
resolutions providing for the issue of the shares thereof, to determine and fix such voting powers,
full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative participating,
opuional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including
without limitation thereof. dividend rights, special voting rights, conversion rights, redemption
privileges and liquidation preferences, as shall be stated and expressed in such resolutions, all to
the full extent now or hereafter permitted by the General Corporation Law. Without limiting the
gencrality of the foregoing, and subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock then

-2.
US1OOCS 6307786x3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8.2107 8:02/S1. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 4

outstanding, the resolutions providing for issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide
that such series shall be superior or rank equally or be junior to the Preferred Stock of any other
series to the extent permitted by law.

C. SERIES AP STOCK, SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK AND SERIES C
PREFERRED STOCK.

The Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred
Stock are sometimes referred to collectively herein as the “Series Preferred Stock.” The Series
Preferred Stock has the following rights, preferences, powers, privileges and restrictions,
qualifications and limitations.

1. Dividends.

(a) From and after the date of the issuance of any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, dividends at the rate per annum of $0.0954 per share shall accrue on such shares of Series
A Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock
split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares) (the “Series A Accruing
Dividends”). Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not earned or
declared, and shall be payable upon a declaration by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(b) The Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares
of Common Stock (other than dividends on shares of Commun Stuck payable in shares of
Common Stock) unless the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and
Series C Preferred Stock then oulstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a
dividend on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or
Series C Preferred Stock, as the case may be, in an amount equal to at least the product of (i) the
per share dividend to be declared, paid or set aside for the Common Stock, (ii) multiplied by (A)
in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, (B)
in the case of the Series & Preferred Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock into which
such shares of Scries B Preferred Stock are then convertible or (C) in the case of the Series C
Preferred Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series C
Preferred Stock ure then convertible.

2. Liquidation, Dissolution or Windin in Mergers, Consolidations and
Asset Sales.
(a) BP. ers of Series A Preferred Stock. In the event of any voluntary or

involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets available
for distribution to its stockholders before any other payment shall be made to the holders of
Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock or Common Stock, by reason of their
ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the Series A Original Issue Price (as defined
below), plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon (the amount payable pursuant to this
sentence is hereinafter referred to as the “Series A Liquidation Amount”). If upon any such
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation the assets available for distribution to
its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the

-3-
USIDOCS 6307786v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:03/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 5

full aforesaid preferential amount to which they shall be entitled, the holders of shares of

Series A Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for
distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect
of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to
such shares were paid in full, on a pro rata basis. The “Series A Original Issue Price” shall mean
$1.59 per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split,
combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock.

(b) ments to Holders of Series B erred $ Series C Preferred Stuck. In the
event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
after the payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid pursuant to Subsection 2(a)
above, the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock then
outstanding shall be entitlcd to be paid out of the assets available for distribution to its
stockholders by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the Series B
Original Issue Price (as defined below) or the Series C Original Issue Price (as defined below),
as the case may be, plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon (the amount payable pursuant
to this sentence is hereinaftcr referred to as the “Scrics B Liquidation Amount” or the “Series C
Liquidation Amount,” as the case may be). If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation the asscts available for distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient
to pay the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock the full
aforesaid preferential amount to which they shall be cntitled, the holders of shares of Scrics B
Preferred Stock and Serics C Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets
available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be
payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or
with respect to such shares were paid in full, on a pro rata basis. The “Series B Original Issue
Price” shall mean $2.90 per sharc, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock
dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Series B
Preferred Stock. The “Series C Original Issue Price” shall mean $3.20 per share, subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other
similar recapitalization with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock.

{c) Payments to Holders of Common Stock. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after the payment of all preferential
amounts required to be paid pursuant to Subsections 2(a) and 2(b) above, the holders of shares of
Common Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its stackholders as otherwise set forth in this Certificate
of Incorporation.

(d) Deemed Liquidation Events.

(i) The following events shall be deemed to be a liquidation of the
Corporation, unless the holders of a majority of the Series Preferred Stock elect otherwise by
written notice given to the Corporation at least five (5) days prior to the effective date of any
such event (any such cvent, unless such an election is made, is referred to hercin as a “Deemed
Liquidation Event”):

(A) a merger or consolidation in which

4.
USIDOCS 6307786v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:03/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 6

8) the Corporation is a constituent party or

GI) _—a subsidiary of the Corporation is a constitucnt party
and the Corporation issues shares of its capital stock
pursuant to such merger or consolidation,

except any such merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or a subsidiary in which the
shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
consolidation continue to represent, or are converted or exchanged for shares of capital stock
which represent, immediately following such merger or consolidation, at least a majorly, by
voting power, of the capital stock of (1) the surviving or resulting corporation or (2) if the
surviving or resulting corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation
immediately following such merger or consolidation, the parent corporation of such surviving or
resulting corporation (provided that, for the purpose of this Subsection 2(d)(i), all shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options (as defined below) outstanding immediately
prior to such merger or consolidation or upon conversion of Convertible Securities (as defined
below) outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation shall be deemed to be
outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation and, if applicable, converted or
exchanged in such merger or consolidation on the same terms as the actual outstanding shares of
Common Stock are converted or exchanged); or

(B) the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition, in a single
transaction or series of related transactions, by the Corporation or any subsidiary of the
Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole, except where such sale, lease, transfer or other disposition is to a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Corporation.

(ii) | The Corporation shall not have the power to effect any transaction
constituting a Deemed Liquidation Event pursuant to Subsection 2(d)(i)(A)() above unless the
agreement or plan of merger or consolidation provides that the consideration payable to the
stockholders of the Corporation shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the
Corporation in accordance with Subsections 2(a) and 2(b) above.

(iii) In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event pursuant to Subsection
2(d)(i)(A)(ED) or 2(d){i)(B) above, if the Corporation does not effect a dissolution of the
Corporation under the General Corporation Law within 90 days after such Deemed Liquidation
Event, then (A) the Corporation shall deliver a written notice to each holder of Series Preferred
Stock no later than the 90" day after the Deemed Liquidation Event advising such holders of
their right (and the requirements to be met to secure such right) pursuant to the terms of the
following clause (B) to require the redemption of such shares of Series Preferred Stock, and (B)
if the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series Preferred Stock so request in
a written instrument delivered to the Corporation not later than 105 days after such Deemed
Liquidation Event, the Corporation shall use the consideration received by the Corporation for
such Deemed Liquidation Event (net of any retained liabilities associated with the assets sold, as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) (the “Net Proceeds”), to
the extent legally available for distribution to the stockholders of the Corporation, to redeem, on
the 120” day after such Deemed Liquidation Event (the “Liquidation Redemption Date”), all

-5-
USI DOCS 610778603
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:03/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 7

outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock at a price per share equal to the Series A
Liquidation Amount, all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a price per share equal
to the Series B Liquidation Amount and all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a
price per share equal to the Series C Liquidation Amount. In the event of a redemption pursuant
to the preceding sentence, if the Net Proceeds are not sufficient to redeem all outstanding shares
of Series Preferred Stock, or if the Corporation does not have sufficient lawfully available funds
to effect such redemption, the Corporation shall redeem a pro rata portion of each holder’s shares
of Series Preferred Stock to the fullest extent of such Net Proceeds or such lawfully available
funds. as the case may be, and, where such redemption is limited by the amount of lawfully
available funds, the Corporation shall redeem the remaining shares to have been redeemed as
soon as practicable after the Corporation has funds legally available therefor. The provisions of
Subsections 6(b) through 6(e) below shall apply, with such necessary changes in the details
thereof as are necessitated by the context, to the redemption of the Series Preferred Stock
pursuant to this Subsection 2(d)(iii). Prior to the distribution or redemption provided for in this
Subsection 2(d)(iii), the Corporation shall not expend or dissipate the consideration received for
such Deemed Liquidation Event, except to discharge expenses incurred in connection with such
Deemed Liquidation Event or in the ordinary course of business.

(iv) | The amount deemed paid or distributed to the holders of capital
stock of the Corporation upon any such merger, consolidation, sale, transfer other disposition or
redemption shall be the cash or the value of the property, rights or securities paid or distributed
to such holders by the Corporation or the acquiring person, firm or other entity. The value of
such property, rights or securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation.

3. Voting.

(a) Except as provided by law or by the provisions of Subsection 2(d) above,
3(c) or 3(d) below or pursuant to any contractual arrangements with the Corporation or its
stockholders, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote their Series A

Preferred Stock, but shall be entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders as if such holders
were holders of Common Stock.

(b) On any matter presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their
action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (or by written action of
stockholders in lieu of meeting), each holder of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock
and Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of
whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C
Preferred Stock held by such holder are convertible as of the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to vote on such matters. Except as provided by law or by the provisions of
Subsection 3(d) below, holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall
vote together with the holders of Common Stock, and with the holders of any other series of
Preferred Stock the terms of which so provide, as a single class.

(c) The holders of record of the shares of Series Preferred Stock, exclusively
and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of the Corporation (the “Series
A Directors”) and the holders of record of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, exclusively and

-6-

UISIDOCS 63077 86v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:04/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 8

as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Corporation (collectively, the
“Series C Director”). Any director elected as provided in the preceding sentence may be
removed without cause by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of Series
Preferred Stock entitled to elect such director or directors, given either at a special meeting of
such stockholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a written consent of stockholders.
The holders of record of the shares of Common Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect the balance of the total number of directors of the Corporation. At any
mec¢ting held for the purpose of electing a director, the presence in person or by proxy of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the class or series entitled to elect such director
shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of electing such director. A vacancy in any
directorship filled by the holders of any class or series shall be filled only by vote or written
conscnt in lieu of a meeting of the holders of such class or series or by any remaining director or
directors elected by the holders of such class or series pursuant to this Subsection 3(c).

(d) In addition to any other vote required by law or the Certificate of
Incorporation, so long as 1,172,716 shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
without the written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series Preferred Stock, given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting
or voting (as the case may be) separately as a class, the Corporation shall not, either directly or
by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise:

(i) liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the business and affairs of the
Corporation, effect any Deemed Liquidation Event, effect any recapitalization or reclassification
of any of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation or consent to any of the foregoing;

(ii) | amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of
{ncorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation in a manner which materially and adversely affects
the rights, preferences or privileges of any serics of the Series Preferred Stock;

(iii) create any additional class or series of shares of stock unless the
same ranks junior to, or on a parity with, the Senes C Preferred Stock with respect to the
distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation and with
respect to the payment of dividends and redemption rights, or increase the authorized number of
shares of Series Preferred Stock or increase the authorized number of shares of any additional
class or scrics of shares of stock unless the same ranks junior to, or on a parity with, the Series C
Preferred Stock with respect to (he distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation and with respect to the payment of dividends and redemption
rights, or create or authorize any obligation or security convertible into shares of any class or
series of stock unless the same ranks junior to, or on a parity with, the Series C Preferred Stock
with respect to the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation and with respect to the payment of dividends and redemption rights;

(iv) purchase or redeem or pay or declare any dividend or make any
distribution on, any shares of stock other than the Series Preferred Stock as expressly authorized
herein except for (A) dividends or other distributions payable on the Common Stock solely in the
form of additional shares of Common Stock, (B) securities repurchased from former employees,
officers, directors, consultants or other persons who performed services for the Corporation or

-7-

USIDOCS 63077R6v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:04/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 9

any subsidiary in connection with the cessation of such employment or service at the original
purchase price, or (C) repurchases pursuant to contractual rights of first refusal.

(v) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series
Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the Series Preferred Stock;

(vi) except as provided in Section 6(f). increase or decrease the
authorized number of directors constituting the Board of Directors:

(vii) transfer a substantial portion of the Corporation’s assets or material
technology; or

(viii) from and after August 20, 2007, incur any indebtedness in excess
of $250,000 in the aggregate that is not already included in a budget approved by the Board of
Directors, other than trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.

(e) In addition to any other vote required by law or the Certificate of
Incorporation, so long as 1,172,716 shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
without the written consent or attirmative vote of the holders of at least 60% of the then
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, given in writing or by votc at a mecting,
consenting or voting (as the case may be) separately as a class, the Corporation shall not, either
directly or by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise:

(i) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation in a manner which materially and adversely affects

the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series C Preferred Stock differently trom the manner
in which it affects the Series B Preferred Stock;

(ii) issue any class or series of shares of stock, or any obligation or
security convertible into shares of any class or series of stock unless the same ranks junior to, or
on a parity with, the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets on the
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation and with respect to the payment of
dividends and redemption rights, unless the Corporation has first complied with Section 3 of the
Second Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement dated on or about the date of the
filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation; or

(iii) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series C
Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the Series C Preferred Stock, unless the
Series B Preferred Stock is materially and adversely affected in the same manner.

4. Optional Conversion. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and the
Serics C Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert.

(i) Conversion Ratio.

-8-

USIDOCS 63077863
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:05/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 10

(A) Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible,
at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without the payment of
additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series B Original Issue Price (as
defined below) by the Series B Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The “Series B Original Issue Price” shall mean $2.90 per share, subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other
similar recapitalization with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock. The “Series B Conversion
Price” shall initially be equal to $2.90. Such initial Series B Conversion Price, and the rate at
which shares of Series B Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shal!
be subject to adjustment as provided below.

(B) Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible,
at the option of the hojder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without the payment of
additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series C Original Issue Price (as
defined below) by the Series C Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The “Series C Original Issue Price” shall mean $3.20 per share, subject to
appropnate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other
similar recapitalization with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock. The “Series C Conversion
Price” shall initially be equal to $3.20. Such initial Series C Conversion Price, and the rate at
which shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shall
be subject to adjustment as provided below.

(ii) Termination of Conversion Rights. In the event of a notice of
redemption of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to
Section 6, the Conversion Rights of the shares designated for redemption shall terminate at the
close of business on the last full day preceding the date fixed for redemption, unless the
redemption price is not fully paid on such redemption date, in which case the Conversion Rights
for such shares shall continuc until such price is paid in full. In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or a Deemed Liquidation Event, the Conversion
Rights shall terminate at the close of business on the last full day preccding the datc fixed for the
payment of any such amounts distributable on such event to the holders of Series B Preferred
Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as the case may be.

-9.

USLDOCS 630778673
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:05/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 11

(b) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock. In lieu of any
fractional shares to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash
equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Whether or not fractional
shares would be issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total
number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock the holder is at the
time converting into Common Stock and the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Notice of Conversion. In order for a holder of Series B Preferred
Stock and Series C Preferred Stock to voluntarily convert shares of Series B Preferred Stock or
Series C Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the
certificate or certificates for such shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock
(or, if such registered holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost
certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the
Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the
alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate), at the office of the transfer agent for the
Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the Corporation
if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent), together with written notice that such holder
elects to convert all or any number of the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock or Series C
Preferred Stock represented by such certificate or certificates and, if applicable, any event on
which such conversion is contingent. Such notice shall state such holder’s name or the names of
the nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common
Stock to be issued. If required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall
be endorsed or accompanicd by a written instrument ur instruments of transfer, in form
satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or his, her or its attorney
duly authorized in writing. The close of business on the date of receipt by the transfer agent (or
by the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) of such certificates (or lost
certificate affidavit and agreement) and notice shall be the time of conversion (the “Conversion
Time”), and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares represented by
such certificate shall be dccmed to be outstanding of record as of such date. The Corporation
shall, as soon as practicable after the Conversion Time, issue and deliver to such holder of Series
B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, or to his, her or its nominees, a certificate or
certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in
accordance with the provisions hereof, a certificate for the number (if any) of the shares of Series
B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock represented by the surrendered certificate that
were not converted into Common Stock, and cash as provided in Subsection 4(b) in lieu of any
fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion and payment of
any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C
Preferred Stock so convericd.

(ii) Reservation of Shares. The Corporation shall at all times when the
Senes B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, reserve and keep
available out of its authorized but unissued capital stock, for the purpose of effecting the

-10-

USIDOCS 63077863
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4236 GROUP 6 = (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:05/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 12

conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, such number of its duly
authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock; and if at
any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient
to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series
C Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall take such corporate action as may be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain
the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to the Certificate of
lncorporation, Before taking any action which would cause an adjustment reducing the Series B
Conversion Price or Serics C Conversion Price below the then par value of the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Serics B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred
Stock, as the case may be, the Corporation will take any corporate action which may, in the
opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue
fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at such adjusted Serics B Conversion
Price or Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be.

(iii) Effect of Conversion. All shares of Series B Preferred Stock and
Series C Preferred Stock which shall have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided
shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall
immediately ccase and terminate at the Conversion Time, except only the right of the holders
thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and to receive payment of any
dividends declared but unpaid thereon. Any shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C
Preferred Stock so converted shall be retired and cancelled and may not be reissued as shares of
such series, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need
for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock accordingly.

(iv) No Further Adjustment. Upon any such conversion, no adjustment
to the Serics B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, shall be made
for any declared but unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred
Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon conversion.

(v) ‘Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other
similar taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares of Common
Stock upon conversion of shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock
pursuant to this Section 4. The Corporation shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which
may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of
Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Serics B Preferred Stock or
Series C Preferred Stock so converted were registered, and no such issuance or delivery shall be
made unless and until the person or entity requesting such issuance has paid to the Corporation
the amount of any such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax
has been paid.

-Il-

USIDUCS GI774603
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8 21°07 8:06/8T. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 13

(d) Adjustments to Series B Conversion Price for Dituting Issues.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Article Fourth, the
following definitions shall apply:

(A) “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(B) “Series C Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on
which the first share of Serics C Preferred Stock was issued.

; (C) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangcable for
Common Stock, but excluding Options.

(@) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all
shares of Common Stock issued (or. pursuant to Subsection 4(d)(iii) below, deemed to be issued)
by the Corporation after the Series C Original Issue Date, other than the following shares of
Common Stock, and shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to the following Options
and Convertible Securities (collectively “Exempted Sccurities”):

60) shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities issued as a dividend or distribution on
Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred
Stock;

(1) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to Section
4.8 of the Second Amended and Restated Investor
Rights Agreement dated on or about the date of the
filing of this Reslated Certificate of Incorporation;

(UI) shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities issued by reason of a dividend, stock
split, split-up or other distribution on shares of
Common Stock that is covered by Subsection 4(e),

4(f), 4(g) or 4(h) below;

(IVY) _ the issuance of up to 4,800,000 shares of capital
stock (or such greater number as is approved by
vote of the Series A Directors) or Options with
respect thereto (subject in either case to appropriate
adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations and similar events occurring after
the date of this Agreement), issued or issuable to
employees, directors or officers of, or consultants
to, the Company or any Company Subsidiary
pursuant to any plan, agreement or arrangement
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company

-12-

USIDOCS 6307786v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 = (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:06/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 14

less the number of shares (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like
und including all sucb shares issued prior to the date
of the filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation) issued or issuable to such persons
pursuant to Options, Convertible Securities or other
rights outstanding as of the date of the filing of this
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Common
Stock (it being understood that any shares subject to
options that expire or terminate unexercised or any
restricted stock repurchased by the Company shall
not be counted towards the maximum number set
forth in this clause unless and until regranted or
reissued pursuant to any such plan, agreement or
arrangement);

(V) _ the issuance of securities solely in consideration for
the acquisition by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary of any technology or license pursuant to
any agreement or arrangement approved by the
Board of Directors;

(VI) _ the issuance of securities to a non-financial
corporation in connection with a license,
distribution, development, foundry or similar
agreement approved by the Board of Directors;

(VI) the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to that
certain Warrant for the Purchase of Stock held by
Comerica Bank; or

(VII) the issuance of up to an aggregate of 100,000 shares
of capital stock, or the grant of options or warrants
therefor, in connection with any present or future
borrowing, line of credit, leasing or similar
financing arrangement approved by the Board of
Directors of the Company.

(ii) dj tof Series B Conversion Price or Series C
Conversion Price, No adjustment in the Series B Conversion Price shall be made as the result of
the issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if the Corporation
receives written notice from the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Series B Preferred Stock agreeing that no such adjustment shall he made as the result of the
issuance or deemed issuance of such Additional Shares of Common Stock. No adjustment in the
Series C Conversion Price shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock if the Corporation receives written notice from the holders
of at least 60% of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock agreeing that no such

-13-
USI DOCS &3077¥603
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8 21°07 8:06/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 15

adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or deerned issuance of such Additional
Shares of Common Stock.

(iii) Deemed Issue of Additiona] Shares of Common Stock.

(A) If the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the
Series C Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities (excluding
Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities) or shall fix a
record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such
Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set
forth in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
exercisability, convertibility or cxchangeability but without regard to any provision contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options
or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, shall be dcemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of

the time of such issue or, in cas¢ such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of
business on such record date.

(B) If the terms of any Option or Convertible Security, the
issuance of which resulted in an adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price or Series C
Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Subsection 4(d)(iv) below, are revised as a result of an
amendment to such terms or any other adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or
Convertible Security (but excluding automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-
dilution or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1)
any increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise,
conversion and/or exchange of any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase or
decrease in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or
exchange, then, effective upon such increase or decrcase becoming effective, the Series B
Conversion Price or Series (* Conversion Price computed upon the original issue of such Option
or Convertible Security (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) shall be
readjusted to such Series R Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be,
as would have obtained had such revised terms been in etfect upon the original date of issuance
of such Option or Convertible Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no readjustment
pursuant to this clause (B) shall have the effect of increasing the Series B Conversion Price or
Series C Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the Series B Conversion
Price or Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, in effect immediately prior to the origmal
adjustment made as a result of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security, or (ii) the
Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, that would have
resulted from any issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock (other than deemed
issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock as a result of the issuance of such Option or
Convertible Security) between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(C) If the terms of any Option or Convertible Security
(excluding Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities), the
issuance of which did not result in an adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price or Series C
Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Subsection 4(d)(iv) below (either because the
consideration per share (determined pursuant to Subsection 4(d)(v) hereof) of the Additional

-14-

USIDOLDS 630778613
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROUP 6 © (TUE) 8 21°07 8:07/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 16

Shares of Common Stock subject thereto was equal to or greater than the Series B Conversion
Price or Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, then in effect, or because such Option or
Convertible Security was issued before the Series C Original Issue Date), are revised after the
Series C Original Issue Date as a result of an amendment to such terms or any other adjustment
pursuant to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding automatic
adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions of such Option or
Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase or decrease in the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of any such Option or
Convertible Security or (2) any increase or decrease in the consideration payable to the
Corporation upon such excrcise, conversion or exchange, then such Option or Convertible
Security, as so amended or adjusted, and the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto
(determined in the manner provided in Subsection 4(d)(iii)(A) above) shall be deemed to have
been issued effective upon such increase or decrease becoming effective.

(D) Upon the expiration or termination of any unexercised
Option or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Security (or portion thereof) which resulted
(either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Series B
Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Subsection 4(d)(iv)
below, the Series B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, shall
be readjusted to such Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price as would have
obtained had such Option or Convertible Security (or portion thereof) never been issued.

(E) ‘If the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the cxercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or the
consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, is
calculable at the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or amended but is subject to
adjustment based upon subsequent events, any adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price or
Series C Conversion Price provided for in this Subsection 4(d){(iii) shall be effected at the time of
such issuance or amendment based on such number of shares or amount of considcration without
regard to any provisions for subsequent adjustments (and any subsequent adjustments shall be
treated as provided in clauses (B) and (C) of this Subsection 44(d)(iii)). If the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or
Convertible Security, or the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise,
conversion and/or exchange, cannot be calculated at all at the time such Option or Convertible
Sceurity is issued ur amended, any adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price or the Series C
Conversion Price that would result under the terms of this Subsection 4.4.3 at the time of such
issuance or amendment shall instead be effected at the time such number of shares and/or
amount of consideration is first calculable (even if subject to subsequent adjustments), assuming
for purposes of calculating such adjustment to the Series B Conversion Price or the Series C
Conversion Price that such issuance or amendment took place at the time such calculation can
first be made.

(iv) Adjustment of Series B Conversion Price and Series C Conversion

Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Corporation shall
at any time after the Scries C Original Issue Date issue Additional Shares of Common Stock

(including Additional Shares of Common Stock deerned to be issued pursuant to
Subsection 4(d)iii)), without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series B

15.
USI DOCS 63077863
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:07/8T. 8: 00/NO. 4260103439 P 17

Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issue, then
the Series B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, shall be
reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a
cent) determined in accordance with the following formula:

For purposes of the foregoing formula, the following definitions shall apply:

(A)  “CP»” shall mean the Series B Conversion Price or the
Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, in effect immediately after such issuc of
Additional Shares of Common Stock

(B) “CP,” shall mean the Series B Conversion Price or the
Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be, in effect immediately prior to such issue of
Additional Shares of Common Stock;

(C)  ‘A” shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock (treating for
this purpose as outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options
outstanding immediately prior to such issue or upon conversion or exchange of Convertible
Securities (including the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock) outstanding
(assuming exercise of any outstanding Options therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

(D)  “B” shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued if such Additional Shares of Common Stock had been issued at a
price per share equal to CP; (determined by dividing the aggregate considcration received by the
Corporation in respect of such issue hy CP}); and

(E) “(” shall mean the number of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock issued in such transaction.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
Subsection 4(d), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

49) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the
Corporation, excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest;

(1) __ insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the
time of such issue, as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation; and

-16-

USITXOCS 630778603
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:08/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 18

(MI) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock
are issued together with other shares or securities or
other assets of the Corporation for consideration
which covers both, be the proportion of such
consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (i) and (ii) above, as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(B) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per
share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been
issued pursuant to Subsection 4(d)(iii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be
determined by dividing

(D the total amount, if any, received or receivable by
the Corporation as consideration for the issue of
such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional
consideration (as set forth in the instruments
relating thereto, without regard to any provision
contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of
such consideration) payable to the Corporation upon
the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the
case of Options for Convertible Securities, the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities
and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, by

(IQ) ‘the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
(as set forth in the instruments relating thereto,
without regard to any provision contained therein
for a subsequent adjustment of such number)
issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securitics and the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(vi) Multiple Closing Dates. In the event the Corporation shall issue on
more than one date Additional Shares of Common Stock that are a part of one transaction or a
series of related transactions and that would result in an adjustment to the Series B Conversion
Price or the Series C Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Subsection 4(d)(iv) above then,
upon the final such issuance. the Series B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price, as
the case may be, shall be readjusted to give effect to all such issuances as if they occurred on the
date of the first such issuance (and without giving effect to any additional adjustments as a result
of any such subsequent issuances within such period).

-17-

USIDOCS 6307786v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:08/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 19

(e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation
shall at any time or from time to time after the Series C Original Issue Date effect a subdivision
of the outstanding Common Stock, the Series B Conversion Price and the Series C Conversion
Price in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
increased in proportion to such increase in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Series C Original
Issue Date combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Series B Conversion Price and
the Series C Conversion Price in effect immediately bcfore the combination shall be
proportionately increased so thal the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion
of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Any adjustment under this subsection shall
become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes
effective,

(f) Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event
the Corporation ut any time or from time to time after the Series C Original Issue Date shall
make or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to
receive, a dividend or other distribution payable on the Common Stock in additional shares of
Common Stock, then and in each such event the Series B Conversion Price and the Series C
Conversion Price in effect immediately before such event shall be decreased as of the time of
such issuance or, in the event such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business
on such record date, by multiplying the Series B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion
Price, as the case may be, then in effect by a fraction:

(1) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date, and

(2) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in
payment of such dividend or distribution.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) if such record date shall have been fixed and such
dividend is not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the
Series B Conversion Price and the Series C Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as
of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Series B Conversion Price and the
Series C Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this subsection as of the time of actual
payment of such dividends or distributions; and (b) that no such adjustment shall be made if the
holders of Serics B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock simultaneously receive a
dividend or other distribution uf shares of Common Stock in a number equal to the number of
shares of Common Stock as they would have received if all outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on the
date of such event.

-18-

USIDOCS 630778613
PROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8 21°07 8:08/ST. 8: 00/NO. 4260103439 P 20

(g) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Series C Original Issue Date shall make or
issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive,
a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the Corporation (other than a distribution
of shares of Common Stock in respect of outstanding shares of Common Stock) or in cash or
other property and the provisions of Section | do not apply to such dividend or distribution, then
and in each such event the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall
receive, simultancously with the distribution to the holders of Common Stock, a dividend or
other distribution of such securities or other property in an amount equal to the amount of such
securiticy or other property as (hey would have received if all outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on the
date of such event.

(h) Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization, etc. Subject to the provisions
of Subsection 2.3, if there shal! occur any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
consolidation or merger involving the Corporation in which the Common Stock (but not the
Series B Preferred Stovk or the Series C Preferred Stock) is converted into or exchanged for
securities, cash or other property (other than a transaction covered by Subsections 4(d), 4(f} or
4(g)), then, following any such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or
merger, each share of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall thereafter be
convertible in licu of the Common Stock into which it was convertible prior to such event into
the kind and amount of sccurities, cash or other property which a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Corporation issuable upon conversion of one share of Series B
Preferred Stock or Serics C Preferred Stock immediately prior to such reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger would have been entitled to receive
pursuant to such transaction; and, in such case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) shall be made in the application of the
provisions in this Section 4 with respect to the rights and interests thereafter of the holders of the
Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, to the end that the provisions set forth in
this Section 4 (including provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the
Series B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price) shal] thereafter be applicable, as
nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to any securities or other property thereafter deliverable
upon the conversion of the Serics B Preferred Stock or the Series C Preferred Stock.

(i) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
rcadjusiment of the Series B Conversion Price or Scries C Conversion Prive pursuant to this
Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable, compute
such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder
of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as the case may be, a certificate setting
forth such adjustment or readjustment (including the kind and amount of securities, cash or other
property into which the Serics B Preferred Stock or the Series C Preferred Stock is convertible)
and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the written request at any time of
any holder of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Series B Conversion Price or the Series
C Conversion Price, as the case may be, then in effect, and (ii) the number of shares of Common

-19.
USIDOCS @407786v3
PROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8.21'07 8:09/ST. 8: 00/NO. 4260103439 P 21

Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities, cash or property which then would be received
upon the conversion of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as the case may be.

G) Notice of Record Date. In the event:

(A) the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of its
Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon conversion of the
Series B Preferred Stock and/or Series C Preferred Stock) for the purpose of entitling or enabling
thein to receive any dividend or other distribution, or to receive any right to subscribe for or
purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or any other securities, or to receive any other
secunty; or

(B) of any capital reorganization of the Corporation, any
reclassification of the Common Stock of the Corporation, or any Deemed Liquidation Event; or

(C) of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up of the Corporation,

then, and in each such case, the Corporation will send or cause to be sent to the holders of
the Series Preferred Stock a notice specifying, us (he case may be, (i) the record date tor such
dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or
right, or (ii) the effective datc on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is proposed to take place, and the time, if
any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such other capita]
stock or securities at the time issuable upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock or the
Series C Preferred Stock) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such
other capital stock or securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up, and the amount per share and character of such exchange applicable to the Series
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock. Such notice shall be sent at least 10 days prior to the
record date or effective date for the event specified in such-noticc.

5. Mandatory Conversion.

(a)  rigecr Events. Upon the earlier of (i) the closing of the sale of shares of
Common Stock to the public at a price of at least $6.40 per share (subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization affecting such shares), in a firm-commitnent underwritten public offering
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
resulting in at least $20,000,000 of proceeds, net of the underwriting discount and commissions,
to the Corporation (the time of such closing is referred to herein as the “Mandatory Conversion
Time”), or (ii) a date agreed to in writing by the holders of at least a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, (A) all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock
shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock, at the then effective conversion
rate and (B) such shares may not be reissued by the Corporation.

-2?1}-
USIDOCS 630778603
PROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8 21°07 8:09/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 22

Procedural Requirements. All holders of record of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall be sent written notice of the Mandatory
Conversion Time and the place designated for mandatory conversion of all such shares of Series
B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5. Such notice need not
be sent in advance of the occurrence of the Mandatory Conversion Time. Upon receipt of such
notice, cach holder of shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall
surrender his, her or its certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if such holder alleges that
such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement
reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that
may be made ayuinst the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such
certificate) to the Corporation at the place designated in such notice, and shall thereafler receive
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled pursuant
to this Section 5. At the Mandatory Conversion Time, all outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have been converted into shares
of Common Stock, which shall be deemed to be outstanding of record, and all rights with respect
to the Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock so converted, including the rights, if
any, to receive notices and vote (other than as a holder of Common Stock), will terminate, except
only the rights of the holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate or certificates (or lost
certificate affidavit and agreement) therefor, to receive the items provided for in the last sentence
of this Subsection 5(b) If so required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion
shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form
satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or by his, her or its
attorney duly authorized in writing. As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion
Time and the surrender of the certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and
agreement) for Serics B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall
issue and deliver to such holder, or to his, her or its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the
number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such conversion in accordance with the
provisions hereof, together with cash as provided in Subsection 4(b) in lieu of any fraction of a
share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion and the payment of any
declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred
Stock so converted.

(c) Effect of Mandatory Conversion. All shares of Series B Preferred Stock
and Series C Preferred Stock shall, from and after the Mandatory Conversion Time, no longer be
deemed to be outstanding and, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to
surrender the certificates for such shares on or priur to such time, all rights with respect to such
shares shall immediately cease and terminate at the Mandatory Conversion Time, except only the
Tight of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and to
receive payment of any dividends declared but unpaid thereon. Such converted Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall be retired and cancelled and may not be
reissued as shares of such series, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action
(without the need for stockholder action) as may be neccssary to reduce the authorized number
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock accordingly.

SA. Special Mandatory Conversion.

-2]-
USIDOCS 4307786v:
PROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8 21°07 8:10/ST. 8: 00/NO. 4260103439 P 23

(a) Trigger Event. In the event that any holder of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock and/or Series C Preferred Stock (for purposes of this Section SA, the Series B Preferred
Stock and Series C Prefcrred Stock shall be referred to collectively as the “Convertible Stock”)
who holds more than 250,000 shares of Series Preferred Stock does not participate in a Qualified
Financing (as defined below) by purchasing in the aggregate, in such Qualified Financing and
within the time period specified by the Corporation (provided that the Corporation has either
complied with the requirements of Section 3 of the Second Amended and Restated investor
Rights Agreement dated on or about the date of the filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation or the requirements of such Section 3 have been properly waived), at least 50% of
such holder’s Pro Rata Amount, then each share of Convertible Stock held by such holder shall
automatically, and without any further action on the part of such holder, be converted into shares
of Common Stock at the Series B Conversion Price and/or Series C Conversion Price, as the case
may be, in effect immediately prior to the consummation of such Qualified Financing, effective
upon, subject to, and concurrently with, the consummation of the Qualified Financing. For
purposes of determining the number of shares of Series Preferred Stock owned by a holder, and
for determining the number of Offered Securities (as defined below) a holder of Convertible
Stock has purchased in a Qualified Financing, all shares of Series Preferred Stock held by
Affiliates (as defined below) of such holder shall be aggregated with such holder’s shares and all
Offered Securities purchased by Affiliates of such holder shall be aggregated with the Offered
Securities purchased by such holder (provided that no shares or securities shall be attributed to
more than one entity or person within any such group of affiliated entities or persons). Such
conversion is referred to as a “Special Mandatory Conversion.”

(b) Procedural Requirements. Upon a Special Mandatory Conversion, each
holder of shares of Convertible Stock converted pursuant to Subsection 3A(a) shall be sent
written notice of such Special Mandatory Conversion and the place designated for mandatory
conversion of all such shares of Convertible Stock pursuant to this Section SA. Upon receipt of
such notice, each holder of such shares of Convertible Stock shall surrender his, her or its
certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if such holder alleges that such certificate has
been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to
the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the
Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate) to the
Corporation at the place designated in such notice. If so required by the Corporation, certificates
surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or
instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered
holder or by his, her or its attomey duly authorized in writing. All rights with respect to the
Convertible Stock converted pursuant to Subsection SA(a), including the rights, if any, to receive
notices and vote (other than as a holder of Common Stock), will terminate at the time of the
Special Mandatory Conversion (notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to
surrender the certificates for such shares at or prior to such time), except only the rights of the
holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor (or lost certificate
affidavit and agreement), to receive the items provided for in the next sentence of this Subsection
5A(b). As soun as practicable after the Special Mandatory Conversion and the surrender of the
certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) for Convertible Siuck su
converted, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to such holder, or to his, her or its nominees, a
certificate or certificates for the numbcr of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such
conversion in accordance with the provisions hercof, together with cash as provided in

-22-

USIDOCS 6307786v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8 21°07 8:10/5T. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 24

Subsection 4(b) in lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such
conversion and the payment of any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Convertible
Stock converted. Such converted Convertible Stock shall be retired and cancelled und may not
be reissued as shares of such series, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate
action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized
number of shares of Convertible Stock accordingly.

(c) Definitions. For purposes of this Section 5A, the following definitions
shall apply:

(i) “Affiliate” shall mean, with respect to any holder of shares of
Convertible Stock, any person, entity or firm which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with such holder, including, without limitation, any entity of
which the holder is a parmer or member, any partner, officer, director, member or employee of
such holder and any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing of which the holder is a
partner or member which is controlled by or under common control with one or more general
partners of such holder or shares the same manegcment company with such holder.

(ii) “Offered Securities” shall mean the equity securities of the
Corporation sct aside by the Board of Directors of the Corporation for purchase by holders of
outstanding shares of Senes Preferred Stock in connection with a Qualified Financing, and
offered to such holders.

Gii) - “Pro Rata Amount” shall mean, with respect to any holder of
Convertible Stock, the Jesser of (a) a number of Offered Securities calculated by multiplying the
aggregate number of Offered Securities by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the
number of shares of Series Preferred Stock owned by such holder, and the denominator of which
is equal to the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Series Preferred Stock, or (b) the
maximum number of Offered Securities that such holder is permitted by the Corporation to
purchase in such Qualified Financing, after giving effect to any cutbacks or limitations
established by thc Board of Directors and applied on a pro rata basis to all holders of Series
Preferred Stock.

(iv) “Qualified Financing” shall mean any transaction involving the
issuance or sale of Additional Shares of Common Stock after the filing of this Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, unless the holders of at least a majority of the Series Preferred Stock
elect, by written notice sent to the Corporation at least 10 days prior to the consummation of the
Qualified Financing, that such transaction not be treated as a Qualified Financing for purposes of
this Section 5A.

6. Re ion.

(a) Redemption. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Scries C Preferred Stock shall be redeemed by the Corporation out of funds lawfully
available therefor at a price equal to the Series A Original Issue Price, the Scrics B Original Issue
Price, or the Series C Original Issue Price, as the case may be, per share, plus all declared but
unpaid dividends thereon (the “Redemption Price”), upon (A), in the case of the Series A

-23-

USI DOS 630778603
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8.21°07 8:11/S8T. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 25

Preferred Stock, the earliest of (i) the closing of a sale of shares of Common Stock to the public
(a “Public Offering”), (ii) unless waived by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series A Prefetred Stock, the occurrence of any of the events described in subsections
2(d)(i)(A) through 2(d)(i)(B) above (each an “Acquisition Event”) or (iii) upon the receipt by the
Corporation from the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock of a written notice requesting redemption of all shares of Series A Preferred Stock, at any
time after the date that is five years following the date of the filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and (B), in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock,
upon the receipt by the Corporation from the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares
of Scries B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as the case may be, of a written notice
requesting redemption of all shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as
the case may be, at any time after the date that is five years following the date of the filing of this
Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Any request for redemption made pursuant to clauses
(A)(iil) or (B) above shall be a “Redemption Request”. Within ten (10) days ofa Public
Offering or upon an Acquisition Event, the Corporation shall be obligated to redeem one
hundred percent (100%) of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (such dates, respectively, the
“Public Offering Redemption Date” and the “Acquisition Redemption Date”). In the case of a
Redemption Request, the Corporation shall redeem the shares of Series Preferred Stock of the
holders of Scries Preferred Stock in three equal annual installments commencing 60 days after
the Corporation receives the Redemption Request (the date of each such installment being
referred to as a “Request Redemption Date,” and collectively with the Public Offering
Redemption Date, the Acquisition Redemption Date and the Request Redemption Dates as a
“Redemption Date”). On each Request Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem, on a pro
Tata basis in accordance with the number of shares of Series Preferred Stock, owned by each
holder, that number of outstanding shares of Series Preferred Stock determined by dividing (i)
the total number of shares of Series Preferred Stock, outstanding immediately prior to such
Request Redemption Date by (ii) the number of remaining Request Redemption Dates (including
the Request Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). If the Corporation does not
have sufficient funds legally available to redecm on any Redemption Date all shares of Series
Preferred Stock, as the case may be, and of any other class or series of stock to be redeemed on
such Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem a pro rata portion of each holder’s
redeemable shares of such stock out of finds legally available therefor, based on the respective
amounts which would othcrwise be payable in respect of the shares to be redeemed if the legally
available funds were sufficient to redeem all such shares, and shall redeem the remaining shares

to have been redeemed as soon as practicable after the Corporation has funds legally available
therefor.

(6) Redemption Notice. Written notice of the mandatory redemption (the
“Redemption Notice”) shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to each holder of record of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at its
post office address last shown on the records of the Corporation, or given by electronic
communication in compliance with the provisions of the General Corporation Law, (i) not less
than 40 days prior to a Request Redemption Date and (ii) in the case of a Public Offering
Redemption Date or an Acquisition Redemption Date, as soon as practicable prior to such event.
Each Redemption Notice shall state:

USI DOCS 6307784 v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:11/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 26

®M the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred
Stock, as the case may be, held by the holder that
the Corporation shall redeem on the Redemption
Date specified in the Redemption Notice;

(If) the Redemption Date and the Redemption Price;
and

(IIf) that the holder is to surrender to the Corporation, in
the manner and at the place designated, his, her or
its certificate or certificates representing the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as the case may
be, to be redeemed.

(c) Surrender of Certificates; Payment, On or before the applicable
Redemption Date, each holder of shares of Series Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such
Redemption Date shall surrender the certificate or certificates representing such shares to the
Corporation, in the manner and al the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon
the Redemption Price for such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name
appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof, and each surrendered certificate
shall be canceled and retired. In the event less than all of the shares of Series Preferred Stock
represented by a certificate are redeemed, a new certificate representing the unredeemed shares
of Seties Preferred Stock shall promptly be issued to such holder.

(d) Rights Subsequent to Redemption, If the Redemption Notice shall have
been duly given, and if on the applicable Redemption Date the Redemption Price payable upon
redemption of the shares of Series Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such Redemption Date is
paid or tendered for payment or deposited with an independent payment agent so as to be
available therefor, then notwithstanding that the certificates evidencing any of the shares of
Series Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall not have been surrendered, dividends with
tespect to such shares of Series Preferred Stock shall cease to accrue after such Redemption Date
and all rights with respect to such shares shall forthwith after the Redemption Date terminate,
except only the right of the holders to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor.

(c) Redeemed or Otherwise Acquired Shares. Any shares of Series Preferred
Stock which are redeemed or otherwise acquired by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
shall be automatically and immediately canceled and shall not be reissued, sold or transferred.
Neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries may exercise any rights granted to the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock, Serics B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock following
redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock or the Series C
Preferred Stock, as the case may be,

(f) Failure to Redeem. in the event that the Corporation fails on any
Redemption Date to redeem the full number of shares of Series Preferred Stock scheduled 10 be

-25-

USIDOCS 8307s 8bv5
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8.21°07 8:11/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 27

tedeemed on such Redemption Date, for any reason including, but not limited to, lack of
sufficient legally available funds, then, beginning on such default date and continuing until such
time as all of the Series Preferred Stock required w have been redeemed on such Redemption
Date shall have been redecmed in full, the total number of directors constituting the entire Board
of Directors shall automatically be increased by two (2) and the holders of the Series Preferred

Stock shall immediately have the right to designate the two (2) new members of the Board of
Directors.

7. Corporate Opportunity. The Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of
the Corporation in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any Excluded
Opportunity. An “Excluded Opportunity” is any matter, transaction or interest that is presented
to, or acquired, created or developed by, or which otherwise comes into the possession of, (i) any
director of the Corporation who is not an employee of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries,
or (ii) any holder of Series Preferred Stock or any partner, member, director, stockholder,
employee or agent of any such holder, other than someone who is an employee of the
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, “Covered Persons”), unless such matter,
transaction of interest is presented to, or acquired, created or developed by, or otherwise comes
into the possession of, a Covered Person expressly and solely in such Covered Person's capacily
as a director of the Corporation.

8. Waiver. Any of the rights, powers, preferences and other terms of the Series
Preferred Stock set forth herein may be waived by the affirmative consent or vote of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Series Preferred Stock then outstanding unless such waiver
concerns rights which are unique to any series of Preferred Stock, in which case such waiver
shall not be effective without the affirmative consent or vote of the holders of (i) a majority of
the shares of Serics A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding in the case of
any waiver unique to the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock and (ii) 60% of

the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding in the case of any waiver unique to the
Series C Preferred Stock.

FIFTH: The Corporation shall provide indemnification as follows:

1. ctions, Suits Proceedings Other than by or in the Right of the Co: ion.
The Corporation shall indemnify cach person who was or is a party or threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by
reason of the fact that he or she is or was, or has agreed to become, a director or officer of the
Corporation, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at the request of the Corporation, as a
director, officer, partner, employee or trustee of, or in a similar capacity with, anuther
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including any employee benefit
plan) (all such persons being referred to hereafter as an “Indemnitce”), or by reason of any action
alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys’
fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by or on
behalf of Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal!
therefrom, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably
believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was

-26-

USIDOCS 6107786v3
PROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:12/8T. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 28

unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement,
conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a
presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation, and, with
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her
conduct was unlawful.

2. 1ons or Suits by or in the Right of the Corporation, The Corporation sha))
indemnify any Tademnitee who was or is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a
judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was, or has agreed to become, a
director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at the request
of the Corporation, as a director, officer, partner, employee or trustee of, or in a similar capacity
with, another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entcrprise (including any
employee benefit plan), or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such
capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees) and, to the extent permitted by law,
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in
connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, if Indemnitec acted in
good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the
best interests of the Corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made under this Section
2 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged to be
liable to the Corporation, unless, and only to the extent, that the Court of Chancery of Delaware
shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of such liability but in view of all
the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such

expenses (including attomeys’ fees) which the Court of Chancery of Delaware shall deem
proper.

3. Indemnification for es of Successful Party, Notwithstanding any other
provisions of this Article, to the extent that an Indemnitee has been successful, on the merits or
otherwise, in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 1 and 2 of this
Article FIFTH, or in defensc of any claim, issue or matter therein, or on appeal from any such
action, suit or proceeding, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection
therewith.

4, Notification and Defense of Claim. As a condition precedent to an Indemnitee’s
Tight to be indemnified, such Indemnitee must notify the Corporation in writing as soon as
practicable of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnitee for which
indemnity will or could be sought. With respect to any action, suit, proceeding or investigation
of which the Corporation is so notified, the Corporation will be entitled to participate therein at
its own expense and/or to assume the defense thereof at its own expense, with legal counsel
reasonably acceptable to Indemnitce. After notice from the Corporation to Indemnitee of its
election so to assume such defense, the Corporation shall not be liable to Indemnitce for any
legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, other than as provided below in this Section 4. Indemnitee shall
have the right to employ his or her own counsel in connection with such action, suit, proceeding
or investigation, but the fees and expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the

-27-

USIDOCS 6307786v3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8 21°07 8:12/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 29

Corporation of its assumption of the defense thereof shall be at the expense of Indemnitee unless
(i) the employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been authorized by the Corporation, (ii)
counsel to Indemnitce shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest or
position on any significant issue between the Corporation and Indemnilee in the conduct of the
defense of such action, suit, proceeding or investigation or (iii) the Corporation shall not in fact
have employed counsel to assume the defense of such action, suit, proceeding or investigation, in
each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel for Indemnitee shall be at the expense of
the Corporation, exccpt as otherwise expressly provided by this Article. The Corporation shall
not be entitled, without the consent of Indemnitee, to assume the defense of any claim brought by
or in the right of the Corporation or as to which counsel for Indemnitee shall have reasonably
made the conclusion provided for in clause (ii) above. The Corporation shall not be required to
indemnify Indemnitee under this Article FIFTH for any amounts paid in settlement of any action,
suit, proceeding or investigation effected without its written consent. The Corporation shall not
settle any action, suit, procceding or investigation in any manner which would impose any
penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indcemnitee’s written consent. Neither the
Corporation nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold or delay its consent to any proposed
settlement.

5. Advance of Expenses. Subject to the provisions of Section 6 of this Article
FIFTH, in the event that the Corporation does not assume the defense pursuant to Section 4 of
this Article FIFTH of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation of which the Corporation
receives notice under this Article, any expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by or on
behalf of an Indemnitce in defending an action, suit, proceeding or investigation or any appeal
therefrom shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such matter;
provided, however, that the payment of such expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in
advance of the final disposition of such matter shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking
by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay all amounts so advanced in the event that it shall
ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as
authorized in this Article; and further provided that no such advancement of expenses shall be
made under this Article FIFTH if it is determined (in the manner described in Section 6) that (i)
Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or
not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation, or (ii) with respect to any criminal action or
proceeding, Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe his or her cunduct was unlawful. Such
undertaking shall be accepted without reference to the financial ability of Indemnitee to make
such repayment.

6. Procedure for Indemnification. In order to obtain indemnification or
advancement of expenses pursuant to Section 1, 2, 3 or 5 of this Article FIFTH, an Indemnitee
shall submit to the Corporation a written request. Any such advancement of expenses shall be
made promptly, and in any event within 30 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written
request of Indemnitee, unless the Corporation determines within such 30 day period that
Indemnitee did not meet the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1, 2 or 5 of this
Article FIFTH, as the case may be. Any such indemnification, unless ordered by a court, shall
be made with respect to requests under Section | or 2 only as authorized in the specific case
upon a determination by the Corporation that the indemnification of Indemnitee is proper
because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct sct forth in Section 1 or 2, as the
case may be. Such determination shall be made in each instance (a) by a majority vote of the

-28-
USIDOCS 6307/8603
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:13/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 30

directors of the Corporation consisting of persons who are not at that time parties to the action,
suit or proceeding in question (“disinterested directors”), whether or not a quorum, (b) by a
committee of disintcrested directors designated by majority vote of disinterested directors,
whether or not a quorum, (c) if there are no disinterested directors, or if the disinterested
directors so direct, by independent legal counsel (who may, to the extent permitted by law, be
regular legal counsel to the Corporation) in a written opinion, or (d) by the stockholders of the
Corporation.

7. Remedies. The right to indemnification or advancement of expenses as granted
by this Article shall be enforceable by Indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Neither the failure of the Corporation to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of such action that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met
the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Corporation pursuant to
Section 6 of this Article FIFTH that Indemnitee has nut met such applicable standard of conduct,
shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the
applicable standard of conduct. Indemnitee’s expenses (including attorneys’ fees) reasonably
incurred in connection with successfully establishing Indermnitee’s right to indemnification, in
whole or in part, in any such proceeding shall also be indemnified by the Corporation.

8. Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, except as
set forth in Section 7 of this Article FIFTH, the Corporation shall not indemnify an Indemnitee
pursuant to this Article FIFTH in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such
Indemnitee unless the initiation thereof was approved by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, the Corporation shall not
indemnify an Indemnitee to the extent such Indemnitee is reimbursed from the proceeds of
imsurance, and in the event the Corporation makes any indemnification payments to an
Indemnitee and such Indemnitee is subsequently reimbursed from the proceeds of insurance,
Indemnitec shall promptly refund such indemnification payments to the Corporation to the extent
of such insurance reimhursement.

9, Subsequent Amendment. No amendment, termination or repeal of this Article or
of the relevant provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or any other applicable
laws shall affect or diminish in any way the rights of any Indemnitee to indemnification under
the provisions hereof with respect to any action, suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of
or relating to any actions, transuctions or facts occurring prior to the final adoption of such
amendment, termination or repeal.

10. Other Rights. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this
Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which an Indemnitee seeking
indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any Jaw (common or
statutory), agreement or vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to
action in Indemnitee’s official capacity and as to action in any other capacity while holding
office for the Corporation, and shall continue as to an Indcmnitee who has ceased to be a director
or Officer, and shall inure to the bencfit of the cstate, heirs. executors and administrators of
Indemnitee. Nothing contained in this Article shall be deemed to prohibit, and the Corporation is
specifically authorized to enter into, agreements with officers and directors providing
indemnification rights and procedures different from those set forth in this Article. In addition,

-29-
USIDOCS 430778613
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8. 21°07 8:13/ST. 8: 00/NO. 4260103439 P 31

the Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by its Board of Directors, grant
indemnification rights to other employees or agents of the Corporation or other persons serving
the Corporation and such rights may be equivalent to, or greater or less than, those set forth in
this Article.

11. Partial Indemnification. If an Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Article to indemnification by the Corporation for some or a portion of the expenses (including
attorneys” fees), judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred
by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or investigation
and any appeal therefrom but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Corporation shall
nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion of such expenses (including attomeys’ fees),
judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement to which Indemnitec is entitled.

12. Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense,
to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including any employee benefit
plan) against any expense, liability or luss incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of
his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such
person against such expense, liability or loss under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

13. Savings Clause. If this Article or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any
ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify
each Indemnitee as to any expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settleraent in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil,
criminal or administrative, including an action by or in the right of the Corporation, to the fullest
extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article that shall not have been invalidated and
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

14. _ Definitions. Terms used herein and defined in Section 145(h) and Section 145(4)
of the General Corporation Law of Delaware shall have the respective meanings assigned to such
terms in such Section 145(h) and Section 145(i).

-30-

USIDOCS 6307 /Bov3
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4236 GROUP 6 (TUE) 8 21°07 8:14/ST. 8:00/NO. 4260103439 P 32

IN WITNESS WHEREOPF, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
executed by a duly authorized officer of the Corporation on this 21" day of August, 2007.

By:___/s/ Ric ‘orle
Richard J. Corley
President

USIDOCS 63077863
