h0656838 |
Z TMGye2e vibe

— affce of the Secretary of .

oi the State of Calfomia

FEB 1 8 2097

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AKROS SILICON, INC.
The unde~signed certify that:
I. They are the President and Secretary, respectively, of Akros Silicon, Inc., a California
corporation.
2. The Articles of Incorpcration of this corporation are amended and restatec to read as follows:
ARTICLE I.

The name of this corporation is Akros Silicon, Inc., hereinafter referred to as the “Company”
or the “orporation.”

ARTICLE II.

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of 2 profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III.

This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock, designated “Common Stock”
and “Preferred Stock,” respectively. The total number of shares of Common Stock this Corporation
is authorized to issue is One Hundred Million (100,000,000). The total number of shares of
Preferred Stock this Corporation is authorized to issue is Thirty Million One Hundred Eighty Eight
Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty (30,188,350).

There are hereby authorized two series of Preferred Stock, designated “Series A Preferred
Stock” and “Series B Preferred Stock.” The number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the
“Series A Preferred”) the Corporation is authorized to issue is Eighteen Million One Hundred Eighty
Eight Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty (18,188,350). The number of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock (the “Series B Preferred”) the Corporation is authorized to issue is Twelve Million
(12,000,000). Upon the effectiveness of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation,
each share of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall be split into two shares of Series A
Preferred Stock.
ARTICLE IV.

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Common
Stock and the Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends.

The holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled tu receive, when and as declared
by the Board of Directors, dividends out of funds legally available therefor, prior and in preference
to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Common Stock of the Company, at the rate of
(a) $0.0412 per annum for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, and (b) $0.0688 per annum for
each share of Series B Preferred Stock, respectively, then held by them (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends or distributions, recapitalizations, and similar events occurring after the
effectiveness of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation). Such dividends shall not be
cumulative and no right to such dividends shall accrue to hoiders of Preferred Stock unless declared
by the Board of Directors. No dividends or other distributions shall be made with respect to the
Common Stock, other than dividends payabie solely in Common Stock, unless at the same time an
equivalent dividend with respect to the Preferred Stock is paid.

2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) The Series B Preferred. In the event of any Liquidation (defined below) of
this Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series B Preferred shall be entitled
to receive, prior aiid in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the holders of the Series A Preferred and the Common Stock, an amount equal to
$0.8597 per share for each share of Series B Preferred then held by them (as adjusted ior any stock
dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, combinations, consolidations, or the like) plus an amount
equal to any declared but unpaid divider:ds on the Series B Preferred (the “Series B Preference’). If
upon a Liquidation, the assets shall be insufficient to pay the holders of the Series B Preferred the
full Series B Preference, the holders of the Series B Preferred shall share ratably in any distribuon
of assets according to the respective amounts which would be payable in respect of the shar: eld

by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to said shares ...- paid in
full.

(b) The Series A Preferred. Subject to the rights of the Series B Preferred as set
forth in clause (a) above, this clause sets out the liquidation preference rights of the Series A
Preferred. In the event of any Liquidation of this Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the
holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution
of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock, an
amount equal to $0.515 per share for each share of Series A Preferred then held by them (as adjusted

tv
for any stock dividends, stock spiits, recapitalizations, combinations, consolidations, or the like) plus
an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred (the “Series A
Preference’). If upon a Liquidation, the assets shall he insufficient to pay the holders of the Series A
Preferred the full Series A Preference, the holders of the Serie. A Preferred shall share ratably in any
distribution of assets according to the respective amounts which would be payable in respect uf the
shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to said shares
were paid in full.

(c) Pieferred Stock n_ Stock. Upon the completion of the distributions
required by Sections 2(a) and (b) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of the Preferred Stock and the
holders of the Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock (on an as
converted basis) held by each:.

(d) “Liquidation” shall mean (A) a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary; (B)asale, license or other transfer of all or
substantially all of this Corporation's assets or the exclusive license of substantially all of its
intellectual property; (C)asale, transier or exchange of 50% or more of this Corporation's
outstanding stock in one transaction or a series of related transactions, which, if issued at the same
time, would constitute a transfer of 50% or more of the outstandiag voting power of this Corporation
or (D) a consolidation, merger or reorganization of this Corporation with or into any other entity if
this Corporation’s shareholders do not control a majority of the outstanding voting securities of such
consolidated, merged or reorganized entity; provided, however, that any event described in (A), (B),
(C) or (D) above shall not be deemed to be a Liquidation under this Section 2 in the event that the
holders of at least two-thirds of the Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, determine that such
artion should not be deemed a Liquidation.

(e) Any securities to be delivered to the holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to
Section 2(a), (b) or (c) above shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions
on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market
System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such
exchange over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be
the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever are applicable) over the 30-day period
ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as determined by the Corporation.

(ii) The method of valuation of secuzities subject to investment letter or
other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market
ee

value determined as above in subsections 2(e)(i)(1), (2) or (3) to reflect the approximate fair market
value thereof, as mutually determined by the Corporation and (1) the holders of a majority of the
voting power of ali then outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred, in the case of securities to be
delivered solely to the holders of Series B Preferred or (2) the hoiders of a majority of the voting
power of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock in the case of securities to be delivered to
the holders of Preferred Stock.

(f) In the event the requirements of Section 2(e) are not complied with, the
Corporation shall forthwith either:

(i) | cause the closing of the applicable transaction to be postponed until
such time as the requirements of this Section 2 have been complied with, or

(ii) | cancel such transaction, in which event the rights, preferences and
privileges of the holders of the Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights.
preferences and privileges existing immediately prior to the date of the first notive referred to in
Section 3(h) hereof.

(g) As authorized hy Section 402.5(c) of the California Corporations Code, the
provisions of Sections 502 and 503 o1 the California Corporations Code shall not apply with respect
to repurchase by the Corporation of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees ur
consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or services
pursuant to agreement providing for the right of said repurchase.

3. Conversion.

The holders of the Preferred Stock shat! have conversion rights as follows (the
“Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be
convertible into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Conversion Price (as defined with respect to each series of the Preferred
Stock in Section 3(b) and as may be adjusted pursuant to the operation of Section 3(d)(ii)) per share
then in effect for that series of Preferred Stock into the per share Conversion Value (as hereinafter
defined with respect to each series of Preferred Stock).

The Conversion Price per share of Series B Preferred shall be initially $0.8597, and
the per share Conversion Value of Series B Preferred shall be $0.8597. The Conversion Price per
share of Series A Preferred shall be initially $0.515, and the per share Conversion Value of Series A
Preferred shall be $0.515. The Conversion Price of each serics of Preferred Stock shall be subject to
adjustment from time to time as provided below. The number of shares of Common Stock to which

a share of Preferred Stock is convertible is hereinafter referred to as the Conversion Rate of such
share.
(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate for the respective
series of Preferred Stock upon the earlier or (A) the date specified by written consent or agreement
of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then-outstanding shaies of the Preferred Stock voting
separately as a single class or (B) the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the Corporation with an offering
price to the public of not Jess than $4.00 (subject to arithmetic adjustment in the event of any stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations of shares or other such events relating to the Common Stock
after the date hereof) and an aggregate offering price of rot less than $25,000,000. In the event of
the automatic conversion of the Preferred Stock upon a public offering as aforesaid, the person(s)
entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not
be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of the sale
of securities in such public offering.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to the fair value of such fraction.
Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of
Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor, he shall surrender the certificate or certificates
therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred
Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the
same. In the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Sectior. 3/F), the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any furthe: acticn by the holders of such
shares and whether or not the certificates representiny such shares are surrendered to the Corporation
or its transfer agent; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue
certificates with respect to shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless
the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or
its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Coiporation or its transfer agent that
such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. The Corporation shall, as soon as pract.cable after such delivery, or such agreement and
indemnification in the case of a lost certificate, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of
Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which
such holder shall be entitled as aforesai‘! ar.d a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash
amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date
of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted; in the case of automatic
conversion pursuant to subsection 3(b)(A), on the date requisite consent or agreement of the
minimum required percentage of holders shall have been obtained; or, in the case of automatic
conversion pursuant to subsection 3(b)(B), immediately prior to the closing of the public offering.
The person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon sucn
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such date.

(d) Adjustments tor Diluting Issues.
/ (i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 3(d), the following
definitions shall apply:

(1) ‘Options’ shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for,
purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securitizs.

(2) ‘Original Issue Date’ shall mean, with respect to each series of
Preferred Stock, the date on which the first share of such series was issued.

(3) ‘Convertible Securities’ shall mean any evidence of indebtedness,
sh-res or other securities (other than the Common Stock) convertible into or exchangeable for
vimon Stock.

(4) ‘Additional Shares of Common Stock’ shall mean all shares of

Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date,
other than:

(A)shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of the
shares of Preferred Stock authorized herein or upon conversion of Convertible Securities, provided
that such Convertible Securities shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock:

(B) shares of Common Stock (appropriately adjusted for stock
splits, recapitalizations and the like) issuable or issued (and not repurchased at cost by the
Corporation in connection with the termination of employment) to employees, officers, directors,
consultants, contractors or advisors of the Corporation pursuant to a stock option plan adopted by the
Corporation and approved by its shareholders, up to 6,950,000 shares;

(C) shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable as a dividend or distribution on Preferred Stock or any event for which adjustment is
made pursuant to subparagraph (d){iv) and (d){vi) hereof;

(D) shares of Coinmon Stock and Convertible Securities issued
in connection with any equipment lease, technology license, vendor or customer relationship or
similar non-equity financing transaction pursuant to approval by a 75% majority of the Board of
Directors;

(E) shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable by way of a transaction described in Sections 3(d)iv) through 3(d){vi) below;

(F) shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable upon the exercise of warrants or other rights issued or issuable by the Corporation on or
prior to the Original Issue Date;

(G) shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable in connection with a business acquisition by the Corporation pursuant to approval by a
majority of the Board of Directors;
(H)shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable by way of dividerd or other distribution on shares of Common Stock excluded from the
definition of Additional Shares of Common Stock by the foregoing clauses (A), (B) (C), (D), (E),
(F), (G) or this clause (H), or on shares of Common Stock so excluded.

(ii) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares
of Common Stock.

(1) Adjustment_of Series B Conversion Price. In the event this
Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock after the Original Issue Date of the
Series B Preferred without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the thea current
Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred, then in such event, the then current Conversion Price of
the Series B Preferred shali be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price determined by
multiplying the then current Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred by a fraction, the numerator
of which shall be the number of shares o. ‘ ommon Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the
Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase
at such then current Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred; and the denominator of whicn shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the
number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued; and provided further that, for the
purposes of this Section 3(d)(ii), all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
outstanding Series B Preterred or outstanding Cptions, together with all shares of Common Stock
reserved for issuance under plans approved by the Board of Directors shall be deemed to he
outstanding.

(2) Adjustment of Series A Conversion Price. In the event this
Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock after the Original Issue Date of the
Series A Preferrcd without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the then current
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred, then in such event, the then current Conversicn Price of
the Serics A Preferred shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price determined by
multiplying the then current Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred by a fraction, the numerator
of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the
Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Comrnon Stock so issued would purchase
at such then current Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred; and the denominator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the
number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued; and provided further that, for the
purposes of this Section 3(d)(ii), all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
outstanding Series A Preferred or outstanding Options, together with all shares of Common Stock
reserved for issuance under plans approved by the Board of Directors shal! be deemed to be
outstanding.

(iii) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 3(d), the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common Stock
shall be computed as follows:

~
Best Copy Available

(1) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(A) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate
amount of cash received by the Corporation excluding amounts paid or payable for accmed interest
or accrued dividends;

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as dete: mined in good faith by the Board
of Directors; and

(C) in the event Additional Shares of Commion Stock are issned
in conjunction with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration
which covers both, be the proportion of such consi ..:ation so received, computed as provided in
clauses (A) and (B) above, as determined in good !aith by the Board of Directors

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. In the case of issuance of
options to purchase or rights to subser’ .- for Common Stock, or securities by their terms convertible
into or exchangeable for Commor. stock, the following provisions shall apply for all purposes of
Section 3(d):

(A) The aggregate maximum number of shares of Conimun
Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the tinue such options or rights were issued and for a
consideration per share equal to the consideration (determined in the manne provided iti
subparagraph 3(d)(iii}(])), if any, received by the Corporation upon the issuance of each such option
or tight plus the exercise price provided in each such option or righi for the Common Stock or
Preferred Stock covered thereby.

(B) The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion or in exchange for such convertible or exchangeable securities or
upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable
securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the
time such securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and for a consideration per
share equal to the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for each share or unit of any
such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued
interest or accried dividends), plus the aoditional consideration, if any, to be received by the
Corporation upon the conversion or exchange of each share or unit of such securities or the exercise
of any related options or rights (the consideration in ch case to be determined in the manner
provided in subparagraph 3(d)iii)(1)).

(C)In the event of any change in the number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon exercise of such
options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or exchangeable
securities, including, bui not limited to, 2 change resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof,
the Conversior: Price of each series of Preferred Siock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such options, rights or securities, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no
furtner adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payrnent of such
consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such
securiues.

(D) Upon the expiration cf any such options or rights, the
termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights
related to such cunvertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price of each series of
Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such cptions, rights or
securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common
Stock (and convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the
conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such
securities.

(E) The number of shares of Common Stock deemed issued
and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant io subparagraphs 3(d){ili)(2)(A) and (B) shall
he appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either subparagraph 3(d)(iii)(2)(C) or (D).

iv) Adjustments for Subdivisions, Combinations or Stock Dividends of
Common Stocx. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock
split, or otherwise), at any time after the Original Issue Date into a greater number of shares of
Cominon Stock, or the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date
shall declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in Common Stock, the Conversion
Price then in effect for each series of Preferred Stock shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of
such subdivision or stock dividend, be proportionately decreased based on the ratio of (i) the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such subdivision or stock dividend to
(ii) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such subdivision or
stock dividend. Jn the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or
consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a csser number of shares of Common Stock, the
Conversion Price then in effect for each series of Preferred Stock shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such combination or consolidation, be proportionately increased on the same basis.

(v) Adjustments for Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation at
any time or from time to time makes, or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive any distribution payable in (i) securities of the Corporation (other
than shares of Common Stock and other than as otherwise adjusted in this Section 3 or 2s otherwise
provided in Section 1), or (ii) evidences of indebtedness issued bv the Corporation or other persons,
or (iii) assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights nei referred to in
subparagraph 3(d)(iii(2), then and in each such event provision shall be made so tizat the holders of
the Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion thereof, in addition to the number of skares of
Cuinmon Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of such distribution which they would have
received had their Preferred Stock been converted in!o Common Stock on the date of such event and
had they thereafter, during the period from: the date: of such event to and including the date cf
convers.on, retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, subject to all
other adjustments called for during such period under tinis Section 3 with respect to the rights of the
holders of the Pre ferred Stock.

Substitution. If at any time or from time to time the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or
classes of stock, whether by recapitalization, capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise
(other than a subdivision, combination of shares or merger or sale of assets transaction provided for
above or in Section 2(c)), the Conversion Rate then in effect for each series of Preferred Stock shail,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such recapitalization, reorganization or reclassification, be
proportionately adjusted such that the respective series of Preferred Stock shall be convertible into,
in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock which the holders thereof would otherwise have
been entitled to receive, a aumber of shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the
number of shares of Common Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon
conversion of such series of Preferred Stock immediately before that change. In addition, to the
extent applicable in any reorganization or recapitalization, provision shall be made so that the
holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entit!ed to receive upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock the number of shares of stock or other securiiies or property of the Corporation or otherwise,
to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
reorganization or recapitalization.

(e) No Impairment. Except as provided in Section 6, the Corporation will not, by
amendment of its Articles of Incorporation o: through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, av:ud or
seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed cr periirmed
hereunder by the Corporation but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

(f) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price or the Conversion Rate of any series of Preferred Stock
pursuant to this Section 3, the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and fumis' to each holder of such series of
Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written
request at any time of any holder of a series of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to
such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion
Price and the Conversion Rate at the time in effect and app icable to such series, and (iii) the number
of shares of Common Stock and the umouni, if any, of otaey property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of sucl: series.

(g) Reservaticn of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep availabi2 out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Siock such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall fror time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall nc be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of
such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of

10
counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall propose at any
time:

(i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock,
whether in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and
whether or not out of earnings or earned surplus;

(ii) to offer for subscnption pro rata to the holders of any class or series of
its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights;

(iii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its capital stock
outstanding involving a change in the oucstanding capital stock; or

(iv) to undertake a Liquidation:

then, in connection with each such event, the Corporation shal! send to the holders of each series of
Preferred Stock:

(1) at least 20 days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record
shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and specifying the date on which
the holders of Common Stock shail be entitled thereto and the amount and character of such
dividend, distribution or right); and

(2) in the case of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above, at lest
20 days’ prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place (and specifying the date on
which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities
or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event or the record date for the
determination of such holders if such record date is earlier).

Each such written notice shall be delivered personally or given by first class mail, postage
prepaid, addressed to the holders of each series of Preferred Stock at the address for each such holder
as shown on the books of this Corporation.

4. Redemption.
(a) Redemption of Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not have the right to

call or redeem at any time all or any shares of the Preferred Stock. The holders of the Preferred
Stock shall have redemption rights as follows (the “Redemption Rights’):

(i) At any time after February 16, 2012, upon the election of the holders
of at least two-thirds of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock (the “Redemption
Request’), the Corporation shall redeem all issued, outstanding and unconverted shares of Preferred
Stock at the applicable Redemption Price (as defined below) as provided herein from any sourcs of
funds legally available therefor. Subject to the election of the holders of the Preferred Stock
ee

provided above, the Corporation shall redeem all shares of Preferred Stock outstanding as of the date
of such election upon payment of the Redemption Price for the shares so redeemed no later than 45
days after the receipt of a Redemption Request (the “Redemption Date”). If the funds of the
Corporation legally available for redemption of the Preferred Stock on the Redemption Date are
insufficient to redeem the total number of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock on the Redemption
Date. those funds which are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum number of shares
of the Preferred Stock ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock. If, and only if. no funds or
insufficient funds are available to the Corporation at the Redemption Date to meet the Corporation's
redemption obligations pursuant to this Section 4(b)(i), then the Corporation’s obligations to redeem
shares of the Preferred Stock shall continue and at any time thereafter when additional funds of the
Corporation are legally available for the redemption of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation, within
ten (10) business days of the availability of such funds, shal] use such funds to redeem the balance of
the shares which the Corporation has become obligated to redeem on the Redemption Date but
which it has not redeemed. The shares of the Preferred Stock that have not been redeemed shall
continue to be entitled to the dividend, conversion and other rights, preferences, privileges and
restrictions applicable to each series of Preferred Stock.

(ii) The redemption price for each share of the Series B Preferred
repurchased (the “Series B Redemption Price”) shal! be equal to $0.8597 for each such share to be
redeemed (as adjusted for any stock dividends, stocks splits, recapitalizations, combinations,
consolidations, or the like, with respect to the Series B Preferred). The redemption price for each
share of the Series A Preferred repurchased (the “Series A Redemption Price”) shall be equal to
$0.515 for eacn such share to be redeemed (as adjusted for any stock dividends, stocks splits,
recapitalizations, combinations, consolidations, or the like, with respect to the Series A Preferred).

(iii) Within ten (10) business days of the Corporation’s receipt of a
Redemption Request, the Corporation wil! mail written notice to each holder of record of shares of
each series of Preferred Stock, at the address for such holder as it appears on the stock transfer books
of the Corporation, notifying such holder of the redemption, specifying the Redemption Date upon
which the Corporation shall satisfy the Redemption Request, the applicable Redemption Price, the
place at which payment may be obtained and ihe date on which such holder’s conversion rights as to
such shares terminate, and calling upon such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner
and at the place designated, its certificate or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed (the
“Redemption Notice’). On or after the Redemption Date, each holder of shares to be redeemed shall
surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing such shares to be redeemed, in
the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption
Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appeers on such
certificate or certificates as the owner thereof. In the event that less than all of the shares represented
by any such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed
shares.

(iv) From and after the Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a
default in payment of the Redemption Price, all rights of the holders of the shares thereupon
redeemed, as holders of shares of Preferred Stock (except the right to receive the Redemption Price
upon surrender of their certificate or certificates). shall cease with respect to such shares, and such
Shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of this Corporation or be deemed to be

12>

~
outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. The shares not redeemed shall remain outstanding and
entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein.

(v) If there has been a default in the payment of the Redemption Price,
then during the period from the Redemption Date through the date on which such shares of Preferred
Stock are redeemed, the Redemption Price of such shares not redeemed will bear interest at a per-
annum rate equal to the lower of 8% or the highest rate permitted by law.

5. Voting Rights.

(a) Vote Other Than for Directors. Holders of each series of Preferred Stock shal)
have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common
Stock, and shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock and not as a Separate class except
as otherwise required by law, or provided herein. Except as otherwise required by law or by
Section 6 hereof, the holder of each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding shall have one
vote and the holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to
the number of shares of Common Stock into which such share of Preferred Stock could be converted
at the record date for determination of the shareholders entitled to vote on such matters, or, if no
such record date is established, at the date such vote is taken or any written consent of shareholders
is solicited, such votes to be counted together with all other shares of stock of the Corporation
having general voting power and not separately as a class. Fractional votes by the helders of
Preferred Stock shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights snall (after
aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each hoider could be converted)
be rounded to the nearest whole number. Holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation,

(b) Voting for Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of seven (7)
members. At any time as any shares of Series B Preferred remain outstanding, the holders of the
shares of Series B Preferred, voting separately as a series, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director
(the “Series B Director}. At any time as any shares of Series A Preferred remain outstanding, the
holders of the shares of Series A Preferred, voting separately as a series, shall be entitled to elect two
(2) directors (the “Series A Directors”), The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors (the “Common Directors”). At any such time as any shares
of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, two directors shall be elected by the holders of the Preferred
Stock and Common Stock (the “Mutua! Directors”) voting together as provided in Section 5(a). A
vacancy on the Board of Directors occurring because of the death, resignation or removal of a
director elected by the holders of the Series B Preferred voting as a separate series shall be filled by
the vote or written consent of the holders of the Series B Preferred. A vacancy on the Board of
Directors occurring because of the death, resignation or removal of a director elected by the holders
of Series A Preferred voting as a separate series shall be filled by the vote or written consent of the
holders of the Series A Preferred. A vacancy on the Board of Directors occurring because of the
death, resignation or removal of a director elected by the holders of Common Stock voting as a
separate class shall be filled by the vote or written consent of the holders of the Common Stock. A
vacancy on the Board of Directors occurring becaus- of the death, resignation or removal of a
Mutua! Director shall be filled by the vote or written consent of te holders of the Preferred Stock
and Common Stock voting as provided in Section 5(a). The Series B Director, a Series A Director,

13
a Commor. Director, or a Mu:ual Director may be removed from the Board of Directors with or
without cause by the vote or consent of the holders of the outstanding class or serics with voting
power entitled to elect him in accordance with this Section 5(b) and the California Corporations
Code.

(c) Voting for Directors in the Event of Default under Section 4. In the event that
the Corporation is in default of its obligations to redeem the Preferred Stock, the holders of a
majority of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect the Commen Directors until such time as the
Company is no longer in default pursuant to Section 4. Thereafter, the Common Directors will be
elected as provided in Section 5(b) above.

6. Covenants.

In addition to any other rights provided by law, at any such time as at least 3,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding (as acjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or
distributions, recapitalizations, and similar events), the Corporation shall not (whether by merger,
consolidation or otherwise), without first ob. ‘ning the affirmative vote or written consent of the
holders of at least two-thirds of the thea outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class:

(a) amend or waive any provision of, or add any provision to, the Corporation's
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, as amended, if such action would amend or waive, alter or
change the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of, or the restrictions provided for the benefit of
any series of the Preferred Stock;

(b) authorize or issue shares of any series or class of stock having any preference
or priority (including, but not limited to, voting, dividends, redemption, conversion or liquidation)
superior to cr on a parity with any such preference or priority of the Series A Freferred or the Series
B Preferred, or authorize shares of stock of any class or any bonds, debentures, notes or other
obligations convertible into cr exchangeable for, or having option rights to purchase, any shares of
stock of the Corporation having any preference or priority (including, but not limited to, voting,
dividends, redemption, conversion or liquidation) superior to or on a parity with any such preference
or priority of the Series A Preferred or the Series B Preferred;

(c) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a sinking
fund for such purpose), any of the Common Stock or the Preferred Stock; provided, however, that
this restriction shall not appiy to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock at cost from directors,
officers, consultants or employees of the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to equity incentive
agreements approved by the Corporaticn's Board of Directors under which the Corporation has the
option to repurchase such shares upon the termination of employment or services, or pursuant to a
contractual right of first refusal, or pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation;

(d) effect a recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation of the
Corporation with or into any other corporation or corporations, partnership or partnerships, limited
liability company or companies or any other entity or entities (but excluding any merger effected
solely for the purpose of reincorperating in another state), or the merger of any other corporation or
corporations, partnership or partnerships, limited liability company or companies or any other entity
or entities into the Corporation; a sale, license, grant of security interest in or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or its intellectual property or any similar transaction;
a share exchange; the undertaking by the Corporation of a transaction or series of transactions or an
acquisition in which, in any of the above, more than 50% of the voting power of the Corporation is
disposed of;

(e) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock;

(f) authorize or take any action that would result in the payment or declaration of
any dividend or distribution on any shares uf the Corporation's equity securities excepu as set forth in
Article IV;

(g) permit any subsidiary of the Corporation in which the Corporation holds a
controlling voting interest to (i) sell or issue any equity security to any party other than the
Corporation, or (ii) grant a security interest in all or substantially all its assets or intellectual

property,
(h) authorize or take any action with respect to a Liquidation; or

(i) create any subsidiary.

7. Common Stock.

(a) Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by th Board of Directors, out of any assets of the
Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from ::rie to time by the
Board of Directors.

(b) Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section 2(c) above.

(c) Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable at the option of the holder
. reof.

(d) Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the right to
one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws
of the Corporation, and shall be entitied to vote upon such matters and in such maviner as may be
provided by law.

ARTICLE V.

1. Limitation of Directors’ Liability. The liability of the directors of this Corporation for

monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.
wot ee le ee,

eee db. de

aa a Snes | os ret SENS nees | lem

Lote ee ee eee

2. Jnderanification of Corporate Agents. This Company is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined ir, Section 317 of the California Corporstions Code) through
bylaw provisions, agreements with agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California
Corporations Code. subject only to the applicable limits set forth in Section 204 of the California
Corporations Code with respect to actions for breach of dutv to the Corparation and its shareholders.

3. Repeal or Modification. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article sbal] not adversely affect any right of indemnitcation or limitation of liability of an agent of
this Corporation relating to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE VI.

The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter or repeal any provision contained in these
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (except as described in Article TV, Section 3
above), in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law. and all rights and nowers confe-red by
these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation on shareholders, directors and officers are
granted subject to this reservation.

3. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoin, casendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has been dv!;
approved by = required vote of the shareholders entitled to vote in accomence with the
Amended an Restated Anticles of Incorporation of this corporation and Sections 902 and
903 of the C.ilifornia Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of the
corporation is 10,255,818 of Common ftcck. and 8,900,000 of Series A Preferred Stock.
The number of sharee of each class of stock voting in favor of the amendment equaled cr
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required for Common Stock was more than
50%, and for Preferred Stock was 66.67%.

We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of Calitornia that the miattcrs
set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Date:

wits

6a
