A0629816

FILED44

C1 Aa aC _ine office of the Secretary of Siate
of the State of Califomia

JUN 20 2005 —

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AKROS SILICON, INC.

J. Francois Crepin certifies that:
1. He is the President and Secretary of Akros Silicon, Inc., a California corporation.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation are amended and restated to read as
follows:

ARTICLE I.

The name of this corporation is Akros Silicon, Inc., hereinafter referred to as the “Company”
or the “corporation.”

ARTICLE IU.

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III.

This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock, designated “Common Stock” and
“Preferred Stock,” respectively. The total number of shares of Common Stock this corporation is
authorized to issue is Thirty Million (30,000,000). The total number of shares of Preferred Stock
this corporation is suthorized to issue is Right Million Nine Hundred Thousand (8,900,00C).

There is hereby authorized one series of Preferred Stock, designated “Series A Preferred
Stock.” The number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred”) the corporation
is authorized to issue is Eight Million Nine Hundred Thousand (8,900,000).
ARTICLE IV.

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed on the C2mmon
Stock and the Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends

The holders of the Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive, when and as
declared by the Board of Directors, dividends out of funds legally available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Common Stock of the Company, at
the rate of $0.08 per annum, for each share of Series A Preferred then held by them (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends or distributions, recapitalizations, and similar events). Such dividends
shall not be cumulative and no right to such dividends shall accrue to holders of Series A Preferred
unless declared by the Board of Directors. No dividends or other distributions shall be made with
respect to the Common Stock, other than dividends payable solely in Common Stock, unless at the
same time an equivalent dividend with respect to the Series A Preferred is paid.

2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) The Series A Preferred. In the event of any Liquidation (defined below) of
this Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled
to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock, an amount equal to $1.03 per share for each share
of Series A Preferred then held by them (as adjusied for any stock dividends, stock splits,
recapitalizations, combinations, consolidations, or the like) plus an amount equal to any declared but
unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred (the “Series A Preference”). If upon a Liquidation, the
assets shall be insufficient to pay the holders of the Series A Preferred the full Series A Preference,
the holders of the Series A Preferred shall share ratably in any distribution of assets according to the
respective amounts which would be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such
distribution if a!l amounts payable on or with respect to said shares were paid in full.

(b) ’ ferred Stock and Common Stock. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2 . above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to
stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred and the holders of the
Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock (on an as converted basis)
ueld by each.

(c) “Liquidation” shall mean (A) a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this
Corporaticn, whether voluntary or involuntary; (B)asale, license or other transfer of all or
substantially all of this Corporation’s assets or intellectual property; (C) a sale, transfer or exchange
of 50% or more of this Corporatica’s outstanding stock in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, which, if issued at the same time, would constitute a transfer of 50% or more of the
outstanding voting power of this Corporation or (D) a consolidation, merger or reorganization of this
Corporation with or into any other entity if this Corporation’s shareholders do not control a majority
of the outstanding voting securities of such consolidated, merged or reorganized entity; provided,
however, that any event described in (A), (B), (C) or (D) above shall not be deemed to be a
Liquidation under this Section 2 in the event that the holders of at least two-thirds of the Series A
Preterred, voting as a separate class, determine that such action should not be deemed « Liquidation.

(d) Any securities to be delivered to the holders of Series A Preferred pursuant to
Section 2(a) or (b) above shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions
on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market
System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such
exchange over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be
the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever are applicable) over the 30-day period
ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as mutually determined by the Corporation.

(ii) | The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or
other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market
value determined as above in subsections 2(d)(i)( 1). (2) or (3) to reflect the approximate fair market
value thereof, as inutually determined by the Corporation and the holders of a majority of the voting
power of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred.

(e) In the event the requirements of Section 2(d) are not complied with, the
Corporation shal] forthwith either:

(i) cause the closing of the applicable transaction to be postponed until
such time as the requirements of this Section 2 have been complied with, or

(ii) cancel such transaction, in which event the rights, preferences and
privileges of the holders of the Series A Preferred shall revert to and be the same as such rights,
preferences and privileges existing immediately prior to the date of the first notice referred to in
Section 3(h) hereof.

(f) As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the California Corporations Code, the
provisions of Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code shall not apply with respect
to repurchase by the Corporation of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees or
consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or services
pursuant to agreement providing for the right of said repurchase.
3. Conversion.

The holders of Series A Preferred shall have conversion rights as follows (the
“Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred. Each share of Series A Preferred shall
be convertible into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) per share then in effect for the
Series A Preferred into the ner share Conversion Value (as hereinafter defined) of such series.

The Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred shall be initially $1.03, and the
per share Corversion Value of Series A Preferred shall be $1.03. The Conversion Price of Series A
Preferred shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided below. The number of shares
of Common Stock to which a share of Series A Preferred ts convertible is hereinafter referred to as
the Conversion Rate of such share.

(b) Automatic: Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred shall automatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock at the !*en effective Conversion Rate for each series of
Preferred upon the earlier of (A) the date specifies. by «“tten consent or agreement of the holders of
at least two-thirds of the then-outstanding shares oF tte Series A Preferred, voting together as a
single class or (B) the closing of a firm comimit?+-ix :-iderwritten public offering pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and
sale of Common Stock for the account of the Corporation with an offering price to the public of not
less than $5.15 (subject to arithmetic adjustment in the event of any stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations of shares or other such events relating to the Common Stock after the date hereof) and
an aggregate offering price of not less than $25,000,000. In the event of the automatic conversion of
the Series A Preferred upon a public offering as aforesaid, the person(s) entitled to receive the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Series A Preferred shall not be deemed to have
converted such Series A Preferred until immediately prior to the closing of the sale of securities in
such public offering.

(c) Mechanics of Conveision. No fraciional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Series A Preferred. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to the fair value of such fraction.
Before any holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of
Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor, he shall surrender the certificate or certificates
therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Series A
Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the
same. In the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section 3(b), the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such
shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation
or its transfer agent; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue
certificates with respect to shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless
the certificates evidencing such shares of Series A Preferred are either delivered to the Corporation
or its transfer agent as provided above, or tiie holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that
such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or such agreement and
indemnification in the case of a lost certificate, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of
Series A Preferred, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Co:amon Stock to which
such Holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of any
cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date
of such surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred to be converted, in the case of automatic
conversion pursuant to subsection 3(b)(A), or on the date requisite consent or agreement of the
minimum required percentage of holders shall have been obtained, in the case of automatic
conversion pursuant to subsection 3(b)(B), immediately prior to the closing of the public offering,
and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such date.

(d) Adjustments for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 3(d), the following
definitions shall apply:

(1) ‘Options’ shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for.
purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(2) ‘Original Issue Date’ shall mean the date on which the first share
of the Series A Preferred was first issued.

(3) ‘Convertible Securities’ shall mean any evidence of indebtedness,
Shares or other securities (other than the Common Stock) convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock.

(4) ‘Additional Shares of Common Stock’ shall mean all shares of
Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date,
other than:

(A)shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of the
shares of Series A Preferred authorized herein or upon conversion of Convertible Securities,

provided that such Convertible Securities shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common
Stock;

<B) shares of Common Stock (appropriately adjusted for stock
splits, recapitalizations and the like) issuable or issued (and not repurchased at cost by the
Corporativa in connection with the termination of employment) to employees, officers, directors,
consultants, contractors or advisors of the Corporation pursuant to a stock option plan adopted by the
Corporation and approved by its sharsholders;
(C) shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable as a dividend or distribution on Series A Preferred or any event for which adjustment is
made pursuant to subparagraph (d)(iv) and (d)(vi) hereof:

(D)shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
in connection with any equipment lease, technology license, vendor or customer relationship or
similar non-equity financing transaction pursuant to approval by a 75% majority of the Board of
Directors;

(E) shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable by way of a transaction described in Sections 3(d)(iv) through 3(d)(vi) below;

(F) shares of Commor, Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable upon the exercise of warrants, options or other rights issued by the Corporation on or
prior to the Original Issue Date:

(G) shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable in connection with a business acquisition by or of the Corporation pursuant to approval
by a 75% majority of the Board of Directors;

(H)shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities issued
or issuable by way of dividend or other distribution on shares of Common Stock excluded from the
definition of Additional Shares of Common Stock by the foregoing clauses (A), (B), (C), (D), (E),
(F) or this clause (G) or on shares of Common Stock so excluded.

(ii) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares
of Common Stock.

(1) Adjustment of Series A Price. In the event this Corporation shall
issue Additional Shares of Common Stock after the Original Issue Date without consideration or for
a consideration per share less than the then current Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred, then
in such event, the then current Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred shall be reduced,
concurrently with such issue, to a price determined by multiplying the then current Conversion Price
of the Series A Preferred by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares of Common
Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of
Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such then current Conversion Price
of the Series A Preferred; and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock so issued; and provided further that, for the purposes of this Section 3(d)(ii), all
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding Series A Preferred or outstanding
Options, together with all shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under plans approved by
the Board of Directors shall be deemed to be outstanding.
(iii) | Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 3(d), the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common Stock
shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(A)insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate
amount of cash received by the Corporation excluding amounts paid or payable for accrued interest
or accrued dividends;

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the Board
of Directors; and

(C) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued
in conjunction with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration
which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (A) and (B) above, as determined in goad faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. In the case of issuance of
options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock, or securities by their terms convertible
inio or exchangeable for Common Stock, the following provisions shal] apply for all purposes of
Section 3(d):

(A)The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for a
consideration per share equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in
subparagraph 3(d)(iii)(1)), if any, received by the Corporation upon the issuance of each such option
or right plus the exercise price provided in each such option or right for the Common Stock or Series
A Preferred covered thereby.

(B)The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion or in exchange for such convertible or exchangeable securities or
upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable
securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the
time such securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and for a consideration per
share equal to the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for each share or unit of any
such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued
interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional consideration, if any, to be received by the
Corporation upon the conversion or exchange of each share or unit of such securities or the exercise
of any related options or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner
provided in subparagraph 3(d)(iii)(1)).

(C)In the event of any change in the number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable or in the cousideration payable to the Corporation upon exercise of such
options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or exchangeacie
securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof,
the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred, to the extent in any way affected by or computed
using such options, rights or securities, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further
adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such
consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such
securities.

(D)Upon the expiration of any such options or rights, the
termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights
related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price of the Series A
Pref2rred, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities,
shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and
convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the conversion
or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such securities.

(E) The number of shares of Common Stock deemed issued
and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to subparagraphs 3(d)(iti)(2)(A) and (B) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either subparagraph 3(d)(ili)(2)(C) or (D).

(iv) Adjustments for Subdivisions, Combinations or Stock Dividends of
Common Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock
split, or otherwise), at any time after the Original Issue Date into a greater number of shares of
Common Stock, or the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date
shall declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in Common Stock, the Series A
Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision or
stock dividend, be proportionately decreased based on the ratio of (i) the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after such subdivision or stock dividend to (ii) the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such subdivision or stock dividend. In
the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Series A
Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination or
consolidation, be proportionately increased on the same basis.

(v) Adjustments for Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation at
any time or from time to time makes, or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive any distribution payable in (i) securities of the Corporation (other
than shares of Common Stock and other than as otherwise adjusted in this Section 3 or as otherwise
provided in Section 1), or (ii) evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons,
or (ili) assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in
subparagraph 3(d)(iii)(2), then and in each such event provis..-n shall be made so that the holders of
Series A Preferred shall receive upon conversion thereof, in addition to the number of shares of
Common Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of such distribution which they would have
received had their Series A Preferred been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event
and had they thereafter, during the period from the date of such event to and including the date of
conversion, retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, subject to all
other adjustments called for during such period under this Section 3 with respect to the rights of the
holders of Series A Preferred.

(vi) Adjustments for Recapitalization, Reclassification, Exchange and
Substitution. If at any time or from time to time the Commnon Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Series A Preferred shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class
or classes of stock, whether by recapitalization, capital reorganization, reciassification or otherwise
(other than a subdivision, combination of shares or merger or sale of assets transaction provided for
above or in Section 2(c)), the Series A Conversion Rate them in effect shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such recapitalization, reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted
such that the respective series of Series A Preferred shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of
shares of Common Stock which the holders thereof would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a
number of shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of
Common Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the such
series of Series A Preferred i>1,2diately before that change. In addition, to the extent applicable in
any reorganization or recapitalization. provision shall be made so that the holders of the Series A
Preferred shall thereafter be entitled to -eceive upon conversion of the Series A Preferred the number
of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such reorganization or
recapitalization.

(e) No Impairment. Except as provided in Section 6, the Corporation will not, by
amendment of its Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or
seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Corporation but will at al! times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 3 and in the taking of ail such action as may be necessar:. or appropriate in
order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred against impairment.

(f) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price or the Conversion Rate of any series pursuant to this Section 3,
the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred a certificate
setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of
any holder of Series A Preferred, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate
setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price and the Conversion
Rate at the time in effect and applicable to each series, and (iii) the number of shares of Common
Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of the Series A Preferred.

(g) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred; and if at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available
to the holder of such Series A Preferred, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in
the opinion of counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall propose at any
time:

(i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock,
whether in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and
whether or not out of earnings or earned surplus;

(ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or series of
its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights;

(iii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock
outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

(iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, or sell,
lease or convey all or substantially all its property or business, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up;
then, in connection with each such event, the Corporation shall send to the holders of Series A
Preferred:

(1) at least 20 days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record
shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and specifying the date on which
the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto and the amount and character of such
dividend, distribution or right); and

(2) in the case of the matters referred to in (ili) and (iv) above, at least
20 days’ prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place (and specifying the date on
which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities
or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event or the record date for the
determination of such holders if such record date is earlier).

Each such written notice shall be delivered personally or given by first class mail, postage
prepaid, addressed to the holders of the Series A Preferred at the address for each such holder as
shown on the books of this Corporation.
4. Redemption.

(a) Redemption of Common Stock. The shares of Common Stock shall not be
redeemable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may, at any time, out of funds legally
available therefor, repurchase shares of Common Stock of the Ccrporation (i) issued te or held by
employees, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their
employment or services, pursuant to any agreement providing for such right of repurviiase, or
(ii) issued to or held by any person subject to the Corpcration's right of first refusal to purchase such
shares where the purchase is pursuant to the exercise of such right of first refusal.

(b) Redemption of Series A Preferred. The Corporation shall not have the right to
call or redeem at any time all or any shares of the Series A Preferred. The holders of the Series A
Preferred shall have redemption nights as follows (the “Redemption Rights”):

(i) At any time after June 21, 2010, upon the affirmative vote or written
consent of the holders of at least two thirds of the then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred
(the “Redemption Request”), the Corporation shall redeem all issued, outstanding and unconverted
shares of the Series A Preferred at the applicable Redemption Price (as defined below) as provided
herein from any source of funds legally available therefor. Subject to the requisite vote or written
consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred provided above, the Corporation shall redeem aii
shares of the Series A Preferred outstanding as of the date of such vote or written consent upon
payment of the Redemption Price for the shares so redeemed no later than 45 days after the receipt
of a Redemption Request (the “Redemption Date”). If the funds of the Corporation legally available
for redemption of the Series A Preferred on the Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem the total
number of outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred on the Redemption Date, those funds which
are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum number of shares of the Series A Preferred
ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred. if, and only if, no funds or insufficient funds
are available to the Corporation at the Redemption Date to meet the Corporation’s redemption
obligations pursuant to this Secticn 4(b)(i), then the Corporation’s obligations to redeem shares of
the Series A Preferred shall continue and at any time thereaiter when additional funds of the
Corporation are legally available for the redemption of the Series A Preferred, the Corporation,
within ten (10) business days of the availability of such funds, shall use such funds to redeem the
balance of the shares which the Corporation has become obligated to redeem on the Redemption
Date but which i: has not redeemed. The shares of the Series A Preferred that have not been
redeemed shall continue to be entitled to the dividend, conversion and other righis, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the Series A Preferred.

(ii) The redemption price for each share of the Series A Preferred
repurchased (the “Series A Redemption Price”) shall be equal to $1.03 for each such share to be
redeemed (as adjusted for any stock dividends, stocks splits, recapitalizations, combinations,
consolidations, or the like, with respect to the Series A Preferred).

(iii) Within ten (10) business days of the Corporation’s receipt of a
Redemption Request, the Corporation will mail written notice to each holder of record ot shares of
Series A Preferred, at the address for such holder as it appears on the stock transfer books of the
Corporation, notifying such holder of the redemption, specifying the Redemption Date upon which
the Corporation shall satisfy the Redemption Request. the applicable Redemption Price, the place at
which payment may be obtained and the date on which such holder’s conversion rights as to such
shares terminate, and calling upon such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at
the place designated, its certificate or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed (the
“Redemption Notice’). On or after the Redemption Date, each holder of shares to be redeemed shall
surrender to the Corporation the certificate cr certificates representing such shares to be redeemed, in
the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption
Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such
certificate or certificates as the owner thereof. In the event that less than all of the shares represented
by any such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed
shares.

(iv) From and after the Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a
default in payment of the Redemption Price, all rights of the holders of the shares thereupon
redeemed, as holders of shares of the Series A Preferred (except the right to receive the Redemption
Price upon surrender of their certificate or certificates), shall cease with respect to such shares, and
such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of ihis Corporation or be deemed to be
outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. The shares not .edeemed shall remain outstanding and
entitled to all the rights and preferences provide‘ herein.

(v) If there has been a default in the payment of the Redemption Price,
then during the period from the Redemption Date through the date on which such shares of Series A
Preferred are redeemed, the Redemption Price of such shares not redeemed will bear interest at a
per-annum rate equal to the lower of 8% or the highest rate permitted by law.

5. Voting Rights.

(a) Vote Other Than for Dire’:tors. Holders of the Series A Preferred shall have full
voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock, and
sha! vote together with the holders of Common Stock and not as a separate class except as otherwise
required by law, by Section 6, by Sections 5{b) and (c), by Sections 2(c) or (d) or by Section 3(b).
Except as ctherwise required by law or by Section 6 hereof, the holder of each share of Common
Stock issued and outstanding sha!] have one vote and the holder of each share of Series A Preferred
shall be entitled to the nuizher of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which
such share of Series A Preferred could be converted at the record date for determination of the
shareholders entitled to vote on such matters, or, if no such record date is established, at the date
such vote is taken or any written consent of shareholders is solicited, such votes to be counted
together with al! other shares of stock of the Corporation having general voting power and not
separately as a class. Fractional votes by the holders of Series A Preferred shall not, however, be
permitted and any fractional voting rights shall (after aggregating all shares into which shares of
Series A Preferred held by each holder could be converted) be rounded to the nearest whole number.
Holders of Common Stock and Series A Pieferred shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation.

(b) Voting for Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of five (5)
members. At any time as any shares of Series A Preferred remain outstanding, the holders of the
shares of Series A Preferred voting separately as a series shall be entitled to *lect two (2) directors
(the “Series A Directors”). The holders of Common Stock voting as a separate class shall be entitled
to elect two (2) directors (the “Common Directors”). At any such time as any shares of Series A
Preferred remain outstanding, one director shall be elected by the holders of the Series A Preferred
and Common Stock (the “Mutual Director’) voting as provided in Section 5(a). A vacancy on the
Board of Directors occurring because of the death, resignation or removal cf a director elected by the
holders of Series A Preferred voting as a separate series shall be filled by the vote or written consent
of the holders of the Series A Preferred. Any vacancy occurring because of the death, resignation or
removal of a director elected by the holders of Common Stock voting as a separate class shall be
filled by the vote or written consent of the holders of the Common Stock. Any vacancy occurring
because of the death, resignation or removal of the director elected by the holders of the Series A
Preferred and Common Stock voting together as a single class shall be filled by the vote or written
consent of the holders of the Serics A Preferred and Common Stock voting as provided in
Section 5(a). A director may be removed from the Board of Directors with or without cause by the
vote or consent of the hoiders of the outstanding class or series with voting power entitled to elect
him in accordance with this Section 5(b) and the California Corporations Code.

(c) Voting for Directors in the Event of Default under Section 4. In the event that
the Corporation is in default of its obligations to redeem the Series A Preferred, the holders of a

majority of the Series A Preferred shall be entitled to elect the Common Directors until such time as
the Company is no longer in default pursuant to Section 4. Thereafter, the Common Directors will
be elected as provided in Section 5(b) above.

6. Covenants.

In addition to any other rights provided by law, at any such time as at least 3,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred remain outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or
distributions, recapitalizations, and similar events), the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining
the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of at least two thirds of the then outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred:

(a) amend or waive any provision of, or add any provision to, the Corporation’s
Amended Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, as amended, if such action would amend or waive,
alter or change the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of, or the restrictions provided for the
benefit of any the Series A Preferred;

(b) authorize or issue shares of any series or class of stock having any preference
Or priority (including, but not limited to, voting, dividends, redemption, conversion or liquidation)
superior to or on a parity with any such preference or priority of the Series A Preferred, or authorize
shares of stock of any class or any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations convertible into or
exchangeable for, or having option rights to purchase, any shares of stock of the Corporation having
any preference or priority (including, but not limited to, voting, dividends, redemption, conversion or
liquidation) superior to or on a parity with any such preference or priority of the Series A Preferred,

(c) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a sinking
fund for such purpose), any of the Common Stock or Series A Preferred; provided, however, that
this cestriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from directors, officers,
consultants or employees of the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to equity incentive
agreements approved by the Corporation's Board of Directors under which the Cc.poration has the
option to repurchase such shares upon the termination of employment or services or pursuant to a
contractual right of first refusal, or pursuant to the provisions of the Articies of Incorporation;

(d) effect a recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation of the
Corporation with or into any other corporation or corporations, partnership or partnerships, limited
liability company or companies or any other entity or entities (but excluding any merger effected
solely for the purpose of reincorporating in another state), or the merger of any other corporation or
corporations, partnership or partnerships, limited liaiility company or companies or any other entity
or entities into the Corporation; a sale, license, grant of security interest in or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or it: intellectual property or any similar transaction;
a share exchange; the undertaking by the Corporation of a transaction or series of transactions or an
acquisition in which, in any of the above, more than 50% of the voting power of the Corporation is
disposed of,

(e) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock;

(f) authorize or take any action that wouid resuli in the payment or declaration of
any dividend or distribution on any shares of the Corporation's equity securities;

(g) permit any subsidiary of the Corporation in which the Corporation holds a
controlling voting interest to (i) sell or issue any equity security to any party other than the
Corporation, or (ii) grant a security interest in all or substantially all its assets or intellectual
property; or

(h) authorize or take any action with respect to a Liquidation (as defined in
Section 2(c)).

7. Common Stock.

(a) Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the

Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Boar:' of Directors.

(b) Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section 2(b) of Article
{V.B above.

(c) Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable at the option of the holder
thereof.
(d) Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Cominon Stock shall have the right to
one vote, and shull be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws
of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters vend in such manner as may be
provided by law.

ARTICLE V.

1. Limitation of Directors’ Liability. The liability of the directors of this corporation for
monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California | w.

2. Indemnification of Corporate Agents. This Company is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through

bylaw provisions, agreements with agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California
Corporations Code, subject only to the applicable limits set forth in Section 204 of the California
Corporations Code with respect to actions for breach of duty to the corporation and its shareholders.

3. Repeal or Modification. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article shall not adversely affect any right of indemnification or limitation of liability of an agent of
this corporation relating to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE VI.

The corporation reserves the right to amend, alter or repeal any provision contained in these
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (except as described in Article ITV, Section 3
above), in the manner n -w or hereafter prescribed by law, and all rights and powers conferred by
these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation on shareholders, directors and officers are
granted subject to this reservation.

The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of this Company.

The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the required vote of the shareholders entitled to vote in accordance with the Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation of this Company and Sections 902 and 903 of the California
Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company is
4,500,000. There are no shares of Series A Preferred outstanding. The number of shares voting in
favor of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation equaled or exceeded tie vote required.
The percentage vote required was mere than 50% of the outsimi tins shares of Comnion Stock,
voting aS a separate class.
3. | further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that
the matters set forth in the foregoing Certificate are true and correct of my own knowledge.

Date: June 20, 2005

J. Frangpi i sident and Secretary
A0632094 nator eee ING

2 7 / L L 4 A. of the State oj Calton ®

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF AUG 0-5 2095
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

The undersigned certify that:

1. They are the President and Secretary, respectively, of AKROS SILICON, INC.,
a Califoruta corporation.

2. The first paragraph of Article HI of the Articles of Incorporation of this
corporation is amended to read as follows:

This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock,
designated “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock,” respectively. The
total number of shares of Common Stock this corporation is authorized to
issue is Sixty Million (60,000,000). The total number of shares of
Preferred Stock this corporation is authorized to issue is Eight Million
Nine Hundred Thousand (8,900,000). Upon the filing of the Certificate of
Amendmeni of Articles of incorporation, each share of Common Stock
that is outstanding is split up and converted into two shares of Common
Stock.

3. The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by
the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by
the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Section 902, California
Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of the corporation is
4,500,000 Common Stock, and 4,380,000 Series A Preferred Stock. The number
of shares of each class of stock voting in favor of the amendment equaied or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required for each class of stock
was more than 50%.

Each of the undersigned declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
Califomia that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of his own
knowledge.

