A0708811

ZT\b 082 FILED re)

in the Office of the Secretary of State
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT of the State of Calitomia
OF THE NOV ~ 2 2010

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AKROS SILICON, INC.

The undersigned certify that:

1) They are the Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, respectively, of Akros Silicon, Inc., a
California corporation.

2) Article IV Section 5(b) shall be amended to read in full as follows:

“(b) Voting for Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of eight (8) members. At any
time as any shares of Series B-2 Preferred or Series B Preferred remain outstanding, the holders of the
shares of Series B-2 Preferred and Series B Preferred, voting together as a separate class, shall be entitled
- to elect one (1) director (the “Series B Director”). At any time as any shares of Series A Preferred
remain outstanding, the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred, voting separately as a series, shall be
entitled to clect two (2) directors (the “Series A Directors”). The holders of Common Stock, voting as a
separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors (the “Common Directors”). The holders of the
Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect three
(3) directors (the “Mutual Directors”) voting together pursuant to this section 5. A vacancy on the Board
of Directors occurring because of the death, resignation or removal of a Series B Director shall be filled
by the vote or written consent of the holders of the Series B Preferred and Series B-2 Preferred, voting
together as a single class. A vacancy occurring because of the death, resignation or removal of the Series
A Director shall be filled by the vote or written consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred, voting
as a single class. A vacancy on the Board of Directors occurring because of the death, resignation or
removal of a director elected by the holders of Common Stock voting as a separate class shall be filled
by the vote or written consent of the holders of the Common Stock. A vacancy on the Board of Directors
occurring because of the death, resignation or removal of a Mutual Director shall be filled by the vote or
written consent of the holders of the Preferred Stock and Common Stock voting as provided in Section
5(a). The Series B Director, a Series A Director, a Common Director, or a Mutual Director may be
removed from the Board of Directors with or without cause by the vote or consent of the holders of the
outstanding class or series with voting power entitled to elect him in accordance with this Section 5(b)
and the California Corporations Code.”

3) The foregoing amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by Board of Directors and by the required vote of the shareholders of the
Corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the General Corporation Law of California. The
total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the amendment was 111,107,775
shares of capital stock, 100,632,895 shares of Preferred Stock and 44,317,565 shares of Series C
Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded
the vote required. The percentage of vote required was a majority of the then outstanding shares of
capital stock, two-thirds of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Scries C Preferred Stock.
The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California
that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of his own knowledge.
Seghember 23 52

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed at Sunnyvale, California, this
010.

. Parviz Ghaffaripour, Chief Executive Officer

Pascal Levensohn, Secretary
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed at Sunnyvale, Califomia, this

Seglember 2% | 2010,
Parviz Ghaffaripour, Chigf Executive Officer

Pascal Levensohn, Secretary
