FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 » (FRID 1%. 5°04 12:54/8T. 12:53/NO. 486379624) P 2

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 12:34 PM 11/05/2004
FILED 12:24 PM 11/05/2004
SRV 040799996 - 3320635 FILE

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
ALEXZA MOLECULAR DELIVERY CORPORATION

Alexza Molecular Delivery Corporation, a corporation ized and existing und
; organkz abit
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies that: sng bad the

FIRST. The original Certificate of Incorporntion of the Com filed wi
Seorstary of State of the Stete of Delaware on December 19, 2000 der the: same Taxed,
oc.

SECOND. The Restated Certificate of Tncotporation im the form attached hereto
. . as
Exhibit A has been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242, 245 and 228
a the General Corporation Law of ths State of Delaware by the directors and stockholders of the

THIRD. The Restated Certificate of tion 60 ado
Exhibit A attached hereto and is hereby incorporated spomet bein by tus reference. fit asser Srmhip

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said corporation has caused this Certificate to be si i
duly authorized officer this S * day of Noveaiber, 2004, c a signed by its

ALEXZA MOLECULAR DELIVERY

277391 vatcg
4rHf061.DOC
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 » (FRIDL%. 5°04 12:54/8T. 12:53/NO. 486379624) P 3

EXHIBIT A
RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
ALEXA MOLECULAR DELIVERY CORPORATION

FIRST

The name of the corporation is Alexza Molecular Delivery Corporation (the
“Company”).

SECOND

The address of the registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware is
615 South Dupont Highway, City of Dover, County of Kent. The name of its registered agent at
such address is National Corporate Research, Ltd.

’ THIRD

The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage
in any lawfill act or activity for which corporations may be otganized under the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,

FOURTH

The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Company will
have authority to issue is 194,500,221 shares, comprised of 112,500,000 shares of Common
Stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”) and. 82,000,221 shares of
Preferred Stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share (the “Preferred Stock”).

The Preferred Stock will be divided into five Series: 2,500,000 shares are
designated “Series A Preferred Stock” (the “Series A Preferred”), 1,610,250 shares are
designated “Series A-1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series A-/ Preferred’), 6,452,429 shares are
designated “Series B Preferred Stock” (the “Series B Preferred”), 28,927,542 shares are
designated “Series C Preferred Stock” (the “Series C Preferred”) and 42,500,000 shares are
designated “Series D Preferred Stock” (the “Series D Preferred’).

FIFTH

The relative rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted lo or imposed
upon the respective classes of the shares of capital stock or the holders thereof are as set forth
below. As used im this Article FIFTH, the term “Preferred Stock”, without designation, will refer
to shares of Series A. Prefered, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred and
Series D Preferred.

22239] VCO
407. DOC
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 ’ (FRIVLS. 5°04 12:S55/8T. 12:53/N0. 4863796240 P 4

1. Dividend Preference.

The holders of the Series C and Series D Preferred Stock will be entitled to
receive on a pari’ passu basis, out of funds legally available therefor, dividends at an annual rate
equal to 8% of the Original Issue Price for such Series of Preferred Stock, for each outstanding
share of such Preferred Stock held by them,, i.e, $0.1246968, per share for the Series C Preferred
and $0.10288 per share for the Series D Preferred, in each case, as adjusted for combinations,
consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits and the like with respect to such shares. This dividend
will be payable when and if declared by the Boand of Directors of the Company (the "Board’”), in
preference and priority to the payment of dividends on any other Series of Preferred Stock or on
any shares of Common Stock (other than dividends payable solely in Common Stock and other
than the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from terminated employees, officers, directors,
or consultants of the Company pursuant to contractual arrangements). If dividends are paid to the
holders of Series C and Series D Preferred that are less than the full amounts to which such
holders are entitled pursuant to this Section 1, such holders will share ratably in the total amount
of dividends paicl acconling to the respective amounts due each such holder if such dividends
were paid in full.

Alter payment of dividends to the holders of Series C and Series D Preferred as
set forth above, tie holders of the Series A, Series A-1 and Series B Preferred will be entitled to
teccive, out of funds legally available therefor, dividends at an annual rate equal ta 8% of the
Original Issue Price for such Series of Preferred Stock, for each outstanding share of Preferred
Stock held by them, i.e. (a) $0.032 per share for the Series A Preferred, (b) $0.124 for the Series
A-] Preferred and (c) $0.112 for the Series B Preferred, in each case, as adjusted for
combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits and the like with respect to such shares.
This dividend wi'l be payable when and if declared by the Board, in preference and priority to
the payment of dividends on any shares of Common Stock (other than dividends payable solely
im Common Stock and other than the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from terminated
employees, officers, directors, or consultants of the Company pursuant to contractual
arrangements), If dividends are paid to the holders of Series A, Series A-1 and Series B Preferred
that are less than the full amounts to which auch holders are entitled pursuant to this Scction 1,
such holders will share ratably in the total amount of dividends paid according to the respective
amounts due each such holder if such dividends were paid in full.

After payment of dividends to the holders of Preferred Stock in accordance with
this Section 1, dividends may be declared and distributed among all holders of Common Stock
and Preferred Stock based on the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible (“as-converted”), as adjusted for combinations, consolidations,
subdivisions, stock splits and the like with respect to such shares, on the date such dividend is
declared,

The dividends payable to the holders af the Preferred Stock will not be
cumulative, atid no right will accrue to the holders of the Preferred Stock by reason of the fact
that dividends on the Preferred Stock are not declared or paid in any previous fiscal year of the
Company, whether or not the earnings of the Company in that previous fiscal year were
sufficient to pay such dividends in whole or in part.

22239) y7ICO 4
4i$07,DOC
FROM CORPORATION “RUST WILM. TEAM #2 (FRID 1%, 5°04 12:55/ST. 12:53/N0. 4863796240 P 5

If'the Company bas declared but unpaid dividends outstanding immediately prior
to, and in the event of, a conversion of Preferred Stock (as provided in Section 4 hereof), the
Company will, at the option ofthe Company, pay in cash to the holder(s) of Preferred Stock
subject to conversion the full amount of any such dividends or allow such dividends to be
converted into Common Stock in accordance with, and pursuant to the terms specified in,
Section 4 hereof,

If any amount payable to a stockholder as a dividend includes a fraction of a cent,
the amount will be rounded down to the nearest cent for a fraction less than one half, and
rounded up to the nearest cent for any fraction equal to or greater than one half.

2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding
up of the Company, whether voluntary or not, or the sale, lease, assignment, transfer, cofiveyance
or disposal of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the acquisition of the
Company by another entity by means of consolidation, corporate reorganization or merger, other
than solely a reincorporation into another jurisdiction, or other transaction or series of related
transactions, other than solely a dilutive equity financing of the Company, in which the holders
of the Company's outstanding voting securities immediately before such transaction or
transactions do not, immediately after the closing of such transaction or transactions, hold at least
a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the survivor or acquiror entity {each a
“Liquidation Event’), distributions to the stockholders of the Company will be made in the
following manner:

(i) Each holder of Series D Preferred will be entitled to receive, prior and
in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Company to the
holders of Seties A, A-1, B and C Preferred and to the holders of Common Stock, by reason of
their ownership of such stock, the amount of $1.286, subject to adjustment for combinations,
consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits and the like (the “Original Serles D issue Price’) per
share for each share of Series D Preferred then held by such holder, plus an amount equal to all
declared but unpaid dividends on such shares of Series D Preferred. If, upon the occurrence of a
Liquidation Event, the assets and funds available to be distributed among the holders of Series D
Preferred are insu:fficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full preferential amount
due to them, then the efitire assets and funds of the Company legally available for distribution to
the holders of Series D Preferred will be distributed ratably based on the total preferential
amount due each such holder under this Section 2(a){i).

(ii) After distribution to the holders of Series D Preferred in accordance
with Section 2(a)(i) of this Article FIFTH, each holder of Series C Preferred will be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Company to the holders of Series A, A-1 and B Preferred and to the holders of Common Stock,
by reason of their ownership of such stock, the amount of $1.55871 12, subject to adjustment for
combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits and the like (the “Original Series C
Issue Price”) per share for each share of Series C Preferred then held by such holder, plus an
amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on such shares of Series C Preferred. If, upon
the occurrence of « Liquidation Event, the assets and funds available to be distributed among the

222391 v7/CO , 3
4n07.DOC
FRCM CORPORATION “RUST WILM. TEAM #2 ; (FRI) 12. 5°04 12:56/8T. 12:53/NO. 486379624) P 6

holders of Serien C Preferred are insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
preferential amount duc to them, then the entire assets and funds of the Company legally
available for distribution to the holders of Series C Preferred will be distributed ratably based on
the total preferential amount due each such holder under this Section 2(a)(ii).

(iii) After distribution to the holders of Seties D Preferred in accordance
with Section 2(a}(i) of this Article FIFTH and the holders of Series C Preferred in accordance
with Section 2(2)(ii) of this Article FIFTH, each holder of Series A, A-1 and B Preferred will be
entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds
of the Company to the holders of Common Stock, by reason of their ownership of such stock, the
amount of (a) $0.40, subject to adjustment for combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, stock
splits and the lik: (the “Orjgdnal Series A Issue Price”) per share for each share of Series A
Preferred then held by such holder, plus an amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on
such shares of Series A Preferred; (b) $1.55, subject to adjustment for combinations,
consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits and the like (the “Original Series A-I Issue Price’) per
share for each share of Series A-! Preferred then held by such holder, plus an amount equal to all
declared but unpaid dividends on such shares of Series A-] Preferred; and (c) $1.40, subject to
adjustment for combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits and the like (the
“Original Series B Issue Price”) for each share of Series B Preferred then held by such holder,
plus an amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on such shares of Series B Preferred,
If, upon the ocewrence of a Liquidation Event, the assets and funds available to be distributed
among the holders of Seties A, A-1 and B Preferted are ingufficient to permit the payment to
such holders of the full preferential amount due to them, then the entire assets and funds of the
Company legally available for distribution to the holders of Series A, A-1 and B Preferred will
be distributed ratably based on the total preferential amount due each such holder under this
Section 2(a)(iii).

(iv) After payment has been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the
full amounts to which they are entitled pursuant to Sections 2(a)(i), Gi) and (iii) of this Article
FIFTH, the remaining agsets of the Company available for distribution to stockholders will be
distributed ratably among the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock on an as-converted
basis until such time as the holders of Preferred Stock have received pursuant to Sections 2(a)(i),
(ii) and (iii) of this: Article FIFTH above and this Section 2(a){iv) of this Article FIFTH, an
aggtegate amount per share of Preferred Stock equal to the sum of (A) three (3) times the
Original Issue Price applicable to such Series of Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment for
combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits and the like) and (B) an amount equal to
all declared but unpaid dividends on such shares of Preferred Stock; theteafter, the remaining
assets of the Company available for distribution to stockholders, if any, shall be distributed
ratably among the holders of the Common Stock,

(b) Deemed Congents. Each holder of Preferred Stock will be deemed to have
consented to distributions made by the Company in connection with the repurchase of shares of
Common Stock issued to or held by directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company
or its subsidiaries pon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements
providing for the right of said repurchase between the Company and such person, if the
Tepurchase amount paid by the Company to such a director, officer, employes or consultant does
not exceed the amount paid by such individual for the shares being repurchased.

222391 VCO 4
FRCM CORPORATION “RUST WILM. TEAM #2 , (FRI} 1‘. 5°04 12:56/8T. 12:53/NO. 486379624) Po 7

(c) Catifomia Law, If and to the extent the Company may from time to time be or
become subject to certain provisions of the California General Corporation Law (the “CGCL”)
pursuant to the operation of Section 2114 thereof, 2s authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the
CGCL, Sections 502, 503 and 506 of the CGCL shall not apply with respect to payments made
by the Company in connection with (i) tepurchases of Common Stock issued to ot held by
employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries upon termination
of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said
Tepurchase, (ii) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors
or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to tights of first refusal contained in
agreetnents providing for such right, (iii) repurchase of capital stock of the Company in
connection with the settlement of disputes with any stockholder or (iv) any other repurchagc or
redemption of capital stock of the Company approved by the holders of the Common and

- Preferred Stock of the Company voting as separate classes.

(d) Value Of Distributions. The value of securities and property paid or
distributed pursuant to this Section 2 will be computed at fair market value at the time of
payment to the Company or at the time made available to stockholders, all as determined by the
Board of' Directors in good faith, provided that (i) if such securities are listed on any established
stock exchange or a national market system, their fair market value will be the closing sales price
for such securities. as quoted on such system or exchange (or the largest such exchange if on
more than one) for the date the valus is to be determined (or if there are no sales for such date,
then for the last preceding business day on which there were sales), as reported in the Wall Street
Journal or similar publication, and (ii) if such securities are regularly quoted by a recognized
accurities dealer but selling prices are not reported, their fair market value will be the mean
between the high bid and low asked prices for such securities on the date the value is to be
determined (or if there are no quoted prices for such date, then for the last preceding business
day on which there were quoted Prices},

(e) Pa ts to Stockholders. [f any amount payable to a stockholder as a result
of Liquidation Event includes a fraction of a cent, the amouttt will be rounded down to the
nearest cent for a fraction less than one half, and rounded up to the nearest cent for any fraction

equal to or greater than one half,
(f) No Effect On ion Right, Nothing hereinabove set forth will affect in

any way the right of each holder of Preferred Stock to convert such shares at any time and from
time to time into Common Stock in aecordance with Section 4 hereof.

3. Voting Rights

Except as otherwise required by law or hereunder, the holder of each share of
Common Stock issued and outstanding will have one vote and the holder of each share of Series
A Preferred, Series A- | Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred and Series D Preferred
will be eatitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such share of Preferred Stock could be converted at the record date for determination of
the stockholders entitled to vote on such matters, of, if no such record date is established, at the
date such vote is taken or any written consent of stockholders is solicited, such votes to be
counted together with all other shares of stock of the Company having general voting power and

222391 v7/CO 5
4r507.DOC
FRCM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (FRI) 1%. 5°04 12:56/8T. 12:33/N0. 4863796240 P 8

nearest whole number (with one half being rounded upward). Holders of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock will be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the
Bylaws of the Company.

The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Company (voting together on an
as-if-converted basis), irrespective of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware.

4. Conversion Rights,
The holders of the Preferred Stock will have conversion rights as follows:

(2) Right To Convert, Each share of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred,
Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred and Series D Preferred will be convertible, at the option of
the holder thereof, st any time after the date of issuance of such share at the officc of the

Stock will be as follows: (a) the “Series 4 Conversion Price” will initially be the Original
Series A Issue Price; (b) the “Series Ae 1 Conversion Price” will initially be the Original

Series A-1 Issue Price; (c) the “Series B Conversion Price” will initially be the Original Series B
Issue Price; (d) the “Series C Conversion Price” will initially be the Original Series C Issne
Price and (¢) the “Series D Conversion Price” will initially be the Original Series D Issue Price.
The initial Conversion Price for all Series of Preferred Stock will be subject to adjustment as
provided in accordance with Section 4(a) of this Article FIFTH, Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, immediately following the sale by the Company of 41,213,064 shares of
Series D Preferred on or about the date hereof for a price per share of $1.286, and including all
other adjustments to such initial Conversion Prices made on or prior to such date, the Series A
Conversion Price will be $0,392: the Series A-1 Conversion Price will be $1.411: the Series B
Conversion Price will be $1.325 and the Series C Conversion Price will be $1.404.

(b) Automatic Conversion, Each share of Preferred Stock will automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective applicable Conversion Price for the
relevant Series of Preferred Stock upon the earlier of (i) the closing of a firm commitment
underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) covering the offer and sale of Common Stock
for the account of the Company to the public with aggregate proceeds to the Company in excess
of $20,000,000.00 (before deduction for underwriters commissions and expenses) and a per
share price not less than $3.00 per share (as adjusted for any combinations, consolidations,
subdivisions, stock splits and the like) or (41) the affirmative vote or written consent of a majority

222391 VCO 6
407! DOC
FROM CORPORATION TRUST W1LM, TEAM #2 (FRI) 1{. 5°04 12:57/ST. 12:53/N0. 4863796240 P 9

of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (each such event referred to herein as an “Audomatic
Conversion”), in the event of an Automatic Conversion of the Preferred Stock upon 2 public
offering as aforesaid, the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion of such Preferred Stock will not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock
until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities,

(c) Mechanics Of Conversion, No fractional shares of Common Stock will be
issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder

receive certificates therefor, such holder will surrender the certificate or certificates therefor,
duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for the relevant Series of
Preferred Stock, and will give written notice to the Company at such office that such holder
elects to convert the same; provided, however, that in the event of an Automatic Conversion
pursuant to Section 4(b), the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock will be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent, and
provided further that the Company will not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Comrion Stock iaguable upon such Automatic Conversion unless the certificates
evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Company or its transfer

converted, or in the case of Automatic Conversion, on the date of closing of the offering or the
date of the affirmative vote or written consent of a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, as applicable, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion will be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(d) Adjustments To Conversion Price,

(i) Adj For Dividends, Splits, Subdivisions, Combinations
Consolidation Of Common Stock. If the outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased by a
stock dividend payable in Common Stock, stock split, subdivision, or other similar transaction
occurring after the filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation into a greater number of
shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Prices then in effect will, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such event, be decreased in proportion to the percentage increase in the
Outstanding number of sheres of Common Stock, If the outstanding shares of Common Stock are
decreased by reverse stock split, combination, consolidation, or other similar transaction

222391 ICU i]
41h07!.DOC
FROM CORPORATION “RUST WILM. TEAM #2 (FRIDL2. 5°04 12:57/S7. 12:53/NO. 4863796249 P 10

occuring after the filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation into a lesser number of
shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Prices then in effect will, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such event, be increased in Proportion to the percentage decrease in the
outstanding number of shares of Common Stock.

(ii) Adjustments For Other Distributions. If the Company at atty time or

from time to time makes, or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of Common
Stock cntitled to receive, any distribution payable in securities of the Company other than shares
of Common Stock and other than as otherwise adjusted in this Section 4, then and in each such

converted into Common Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafter, during the
period from the date of such event to and including the date of conversion, retained such
securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, subject to all other adjustments
called for during such period under this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of the
Preferred Stock.

(ai) Adjustments For Reclassification, Exchange And Substitution. If the
Common Stock issuable upon canversion of the Preferred Stock is changed into the same or a
different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
Teorganization, reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for above), the Conversion Prices then in effect will, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted such that the
Preferred Stock will be convertible into, in lien of the number of shares of Common Stock which
the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of such other class
or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of such Preferred Stock immediatgly before
that change,

(iv) Adjustments To The Series A, Series A-1, Series B of Series C
Conversion Prices On Jesuance Of Additional Stock, If the Company issues “Additional Stock”
(as defined in Section 4(d)(vi) of this Article FIFTH) for a consideration per share less than the
Serics A, Series A-1, Series B or Series C Conversion Price in effect on the date and
immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, the Series A, Series A-I, Series B, or
Series C Conversion Price, ag applicable, will be reduced concurrently with such issue, to a price
(calculated to three decimal places) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a
fraction, (i) the numeratot of which will be the nurnber of shares of Common Stock outstanding
mmediatély prior to such issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate
consideration received by the Company for the total number of Additional Stock 60 issued (or
deemed to he issued) would purchase at such Conversion Price; and (ii) the denominator of
Which wil] be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding itomediately prior to such
issue plus the number of shares of Additional Stock so issued. For purposes of this Section
4(d)(iv), all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding Preferred
Stock, all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options, all
shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Company’s current employes stock
option plan(s), and all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise ot conversion of any

222391 vVCO 8
4rfj07! DOC
FROM CORPORATION RUST WILM. TEAM #2 (FRIDL{. 5°04 12:58/ST. 12:53/NO. 4863796240 P 11

other outstanding security or debt instrument of the Company will be deemed to be Common
Stock outstanding.

(v) Adjustments To The Series D Conversion Price On Iss f Additional
Stock. If the Company issues “Additional Stock” (as defined in Section 4(d)(vi) of this Article
FIFTH) for a consideration per share less than the Series D Conversion Price in éffect on the date
and immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, the Series D Conversion Price will
be reduced concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to three decimal places)
determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which will
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the
number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the Company
for the total number of Additional Stock so issued {or deemed to be issued) would purchase at
the Series D Conversion Price; and (ii) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares of
Additional Stock so issued plus the difference between (x) the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding Series A, Series A-1, Series B and Series C
Preferred Stock if fully converted on the day of and immediately following any adjustment made
pursuant to Section 4(d)(iv) of this Article FIFTH and (y) the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding Series A, Series A-1, Series B and Series C
Preferred Stock if fully converted on the day immediately preceding the date of the issuance
giving rise to such adjustment. For purposes of this Section 4(d)(v), all shares of Common Stack
issuable upon conversion of the outstanding Series D Preferred Stock if fully converted on the
day immediately preceding the date of the issuance giving rise to such adjustment, all sharcs of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding Series A, Series A-1, Series B and
Series C Preferred Stock if fully converted on the day of and immediately following any
adjustment made pursuant to Section 4(d)(iv) of this Article FIFTH, all shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options, all shares of Common Stock reserved for
issuance under the Company’s current employee stock option plan(s), and all shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion of any other outstanding security or debt instrament
of the Company will be deemed to bs Common Stock outstanding.

(vi) Additional Stock Defined. For purposes of subsections 4(d){iv) and 4(d)(v),
“Additional Stock’ will mean all Common Stock issued by the Company on or after the date on
which the first share of Series D Preferred was issued (the “Series D Original Issue Date”) other
than: (a) shares issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred, Series A-l Preferred, Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred or Series D Preferred, (b) up to 14,239,027 shares (as adjusted for
combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, stock sphts and the like, and as such number may be
increased from time to time by approval of the Board of Directors including at least one of the
Series C Directors and one of the Series D Directors (each, as defined in Section 2.2 of the
Second Amended and Restated Voting Agreement, dated on or about November 5, 2004, as may
be amended from time to time)) of Common Stock issued upon the exercise of options to the
Company’s officers, directors, employees, consultants, and advisors under employee and
consultant stock option and stock purchase plans of the Company, including the 2001 and 2002
Equity Incentive Plans of the Company, and under other written agreements with employees of
or consultants ar advisors to the Company that are approved by the affirmative vote of at least a
majority of the total number of then-authorized directors; (c) securities issued in connection with
any stock split, stock dividend or recapitalization by the Company; (d) securities issued in

222391 v7iC0 . 9
4707! DOC
FRCM CORPORATION “RUST WILM. TEAM #2 (FRIDL%. 5°04 12:38/ST. 12:33/N0. 4863796240 P 12

connection with the following transactions involving the Company, which are primarily for other
than equity financing purposes of the Company and, in the case of securities valued at
$500,000.00 or rnore in the aggregate, which are approved in each case by the affirmative vote of
at least 4 majority of the total number of then-authorized directors: (i) strategic alliances, joint
ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution alratgements or technology transfer or
development arrangements; (ii) agreements with equipment lessors, banks or other institutions
providing borrowing facilities to the Company; (e) securities issyed to the public ix 4 public
offering pursuant: to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act in connection
with which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock will be converted into Common Stock,

(f) securities issued pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or convertible securities

warrants issued t) Montgomery & Co., LLC in connection with the transactions contemplated by
the Series D Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated on ot about Novernber 5, 2004, as may
be amended from time to time.

(vii) Computation of Consideration, For the purpose of making any adjustment in
the Conversion Price as provided. above in subsections 4(d)(iv) and 4(d)(v), the consideration
received by the Company for any issue or sale of Common Stock will be computed:

; (1) to the extent it consists of cash, as the amount of cash received by the
Company before deduction of any offering expenses payable by the Company and any
underwriting or similar commissions, compensation, or concessions paid or allowed by the
Cornpany in connection with such issue or sale;

(2) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, at the fair market
value of that property as determined in good faith by the Board: and

(3) if Common Stock is issued or sold together with other stock or
securities or other assets of the Company for a consideration which covers both, as the portion of
the consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board to be
allocable to such Common Stock.

Ifthe Company grants any rights ot options to subscribe for, purchase, or
otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock, or issues or sells any security convertible into shares
of Common Stock then, in each case, the plice per share of Common Stock issuahle on the
exercise of the rights or options or the conversion of the securities will be determined by dividing
the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company gs consideration for the granting
of the rights or options or the issuc or sale of the convertible securities, plus the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration payable to the Company on exercise or conversion
of the securities, by the maximum number of shares of Common Stook issuable on the exercise
of conversion. Such granting or issue or gale will be considered to be an issue or sale for cash of
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise or conversion at the price
per share determined under this subsection, and the Conversion Price for all Series of Preferred
Stock will be adjusted as above provided to reflect (on the basis of that determination) such issue
or sale. No further adjustment of such Conversion Price will be made as a result of the actual
issuance of shares of Common Stock on the exercise of any such tights or options or the
conversion of any such convertible securities,

222391 V7/C0 10
47)j07!.DOC
FRCM CORPORATION “RUST WILM. TEAM #2 (FRI) 1{. 5° 04 12:59/8T. 12:33/NO. 4863796240 P 13

(viii) Redemption or Repurchase. Upon the redemption or repurchase of
any such secutities or the expiration or termination of the tight to convert into, exchange for, or
exercise with respect to, Common Stack, the Conversion Price for a Series of Preferred Stock
will be readjusted to such price as would have been obtained had the adjustment made ypon their
issuance been made upon the basis of the issuance of only the number of such securities as were
actually converted into, exchanged for, or exercised with respect fo, Common Stock. If the
purchase price or conversion or exchange rate provided for in any such sec urity changes at any
time, then, upon such change becoming effective, the Conversion Price for the applicable Series
of Preferred Stock then in effect will be readjusted forthwith to such price as would have been
obtained had the adjustment made upon the issuance of such securities been made upon the basis
of (A) the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock theretofore actually delivered
upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of such securities, and the total consideration reccived
therefor, and (B) the granting or issuance, at the time of such change, of any such securities then
still outstanding for the consideration, if any, received by the Company therefor and to be
received on the basis of such changed price or rate.

(¢) No Impairment, Except ag provided in Section 5 of this Article FIFTH, the
Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seck to avoid the observance of performance of any of the
terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company but will at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action
as may be necessary or appropriate in arder to protect the conversion tights of the holders of the
Preferred Stock against impairment.

() Certificate As To Adjustments, Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or

readjustment of the Conversion Price of a Series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4,
the Campany at its expense will promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and fumish to each holder of the relevant Series of Preferred
Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment or readjustnent is based. The Company will, upon the written
request of any holder of the relevant Series of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to
such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the
applicable Conversion Price for the relevant Series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and
(iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount if any, of other property which at
the time would be received upon the conversion of the relevant Series of Preferred Stock.

(g) Notices. In the event that this Company proposes at any time:
(i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock,
whether in cagh, property, stock, or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and
whether or not out of earnings or earned surplus;

(11) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or Series of
its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or Series or other rights;

222391 v7ACO 11
4r071. DOK:
FRCM CORPORATION “RUST WILM. TEAM #2 . (FRI) |<. 5° 04 12:59/8T. 12:53/NO. 4863796240 P 14

(iii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stack
outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

{iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, or sell,
icase, or convey all or substantially all its Property or business, or to liquidate, dissolve, or wind
up;

then, in connection with each such event other than the events referred in Section 4(g)(iv) of this
Article FIFTH, this Company will send to the holders of the Preferred Stock

(1) at least 20 days’ prior written notice of the date on which a
record will be taken for such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights (and specifying the
date on which the holders of Common Stock will be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to
vote in respect of the matters referred to in Sections 4(g)Gii) of this Article FIFTH; and

(2) in the case of the events referred to in Section 4(g)(iti) of this
Article FIFTH, at least 20 days’ prior written notice of the date when the same will take place
(and specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to exchange
their Common Steck for securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such
event or the record date for the determination of such holders if such record date is earlier).

In the case of the events referred to in Section 4(g)(iv) of this Article
FIFTH, this Company will give to the holders of Preferred Stock written notice of such
impending transaction not Jater than 20 days prior to the earlier of the stockholders’ meeting
called to approve such transaction, or the proposed date of the closing of such transaction, and
will also notify the holders of Preferred Stock in writing of the final approval by the Board and
the Company’s stockholders of such transaction, The first of such notices will describe the
material terms and conditions of the impending transaction and will set forth or accurately
summarize the provisions of Section 2 of this Article FIFTH. The Company will thereafter give
such holders prompt notice of any material changes to the terms and conditions of such
transaction, The transaction will in no event take place sooner than 20 days after the Company
has given the first notice provided for herein, or 10 days after the Company has given notice of
any material changes to such transaction.

The requirements for written notice, the delays for giving such notices and
the other terms and conditions of this Section A(g) of Article FIFTH may be amended or waived
by the written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the Preferred Stock who are entitled
to receive such notices or to benefit from such other tenns and conditions,

Bach such written notice will be delivered personally or given by first
class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of the Preferred Stock at the address for
each such holder as shown on the books of the Company.

(h) Issue Taxes. The Company will pay any aid all issue and other taxes (other
than incotne taxes) that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common
Stock on conversion of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the
Company will not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested by
any holder in connection with any such conversion.

222391 ¥7/CO 12
4rlj07!.DOG
FRCM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (FRI) 12. 5° 04 12:40/8T. 12:53/NO. 4863796240) P 15

(i) Reservation Of Stock Issnable Conversion, The Company will at all
times reserve and keep available out of its aithorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the puwpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock such
number of its shares of Common Stock as will from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock will not be sufficient to effect the conversion.
of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the Company will take such corporate action ag
may, in the opinion of the Company’s counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock fo such number of shares as will be sufficient for such
purpose, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts ta obtam the requisite stockholder
approval of any necessary amendment to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

() Statue of Converted Stock. in case any Series of Preferred Stock will be
converted pursuant to this Section 4, the shares so converted will be cancelled and will not be
issuable, ;

(k) Miscellaneou. No adjustment in a Conversion Price nead be made if such
adjustment would result in a change in such Conversion Price of less than $0.01. Any
adjustment of less. than $0.01 which is not made shall be carried forward and shal! be made at the
time of and together with any subsequent adjustment which, on a cumulative basis, atnount to an
adjustment of $0.01 or more in such Conversion Price.

5. Covenants

In addition to any other rights provided by law, the Company will not, without
first obtaining the affirmative vote ot written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares ofthe Series A, Series A-l, Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred, voting
together as a class and not as separate Series:

(a) vepurchage or redeem any shares of Common Stock (except from an employee
of or consultant to the Company upon termination of the employment or consultancy), or any
shaics of Preferred,

(b) increase the maximum, or decrease the minimum, number of members of the
Board, or change the authorized number of directors of the Company;

(c) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock (as a class) of the
Company;

(d) increase, or decrease, the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred,
Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred or Series D Preferred;

(¢) offer, sell, or issue any security senior to or ranking equally with Series A
Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred or Series D Preferred as to
dividends, liquidation preferences or other statutory rights;

222391 v7/CO 13
4;}j07!.D0C
FRCM CORPORATION “TRUST WILM, TEAM #2 (FRI) 1%. 5°04 12:40/87. 12:53/NO. 4863796249 P 16

(f) amend the Bylaws or Certificate of Incorporation of the Company if such
action adversely changes the rights, preferences, or privileges of the Series A Preferred, Series
A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred or Series D Preferred;

(g) declare or pay any dividends to the holders of Common Stock;

(h) engage in any transaction or series of related transactions constituting a
Liquidation Event;

(i) issue securities of any subsidiary of the Company:

(j) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money which, either in a single
transaction or in a series of related transactions, exceeds $5,000,000.00 in the aggregate, except
for lease lines andl leasing arrangements entered into by the Company with the approval of at
least a majority off the total number of then-authorized directors; or

{k) effect any transfer or other conveyance of assets of the Company other than in
the ordinary course of business if the value of such assets, either individually or in the agprepate,
would exceed $500,000.00.

6, Residual Rights.

Neither the Common Stock not the Preferred Stock will be redeemable. All rights
accruing to the outstanding shares of the Company not expressly provided for to the contrary
herein will be vested in the Common Stock.

SIXTH
The Company is to have perpetual existence,
SEVENTH

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of
Delaware:

1, The Board is expressly authorized: .
(i) To make, alter or repeal the Bylaws of the Company.

(ii) To authorize and cause to be executed mortgages and liens upon the real and
personal property of the Company.

(iii) To set apart out of any of the funds of the Company available for dividends a
reserve or reserves Jor any proper purpose and to abolish any such reserve in the manner in
which it was created.

(iv) By a majority of the whole Board, to designate one or more committees, each
committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Company. The Board may designate
one or more directors as alternate members of any commitise, who may replace any absent or

222391 VI/CO 14
41071. DOC
FROM CORPORATION TRUST WLM. TEAM #2 —(FRIDL. 5°04 £2:40/8T. 12:53/N0. 486379624) P 17

disqualified mernber of any committee. The Bylaws may provide that in the absence or
disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any
meeting and not disqualified from yoting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such
absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of
the Board, or in the Bylaws of the Company, will have and may exercise all the powers and
authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Company, and may
authorize the seal of the Company to be affixed to all papers which may requite it: but no such
committee will have the power or authority in reference to amending the Certificate of
Incorporation (except that 2 committee may, to the extent authorized ip the resolution ot
resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the Board as provided in
Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, fix any of the
preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any
distribution of assets of the Corupany or the conversion info, or the exchange of such shares for,
Shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of
stock of the Company), adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or
252 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, recommending to the stockholders
the sale, lease or exchange, of all or substantially all of the Company’s property and assets,
recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Company of a revocation of a dissolution,
or amending the Etylaws of the Company; and, unless the resolution or Bylaws expressly so
provide, no such committee will have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize
the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253
of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

(v) When and as authorized by the stockholders in accordance with statute, to sell,
lease or exchange all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company, including its
goad will and its corporate franchises, upon such terms and conditions and for such
consideration, which may consist in whole or in part of money or property inching shares of
stock in, and/or other securities of any other corporation or corporations, as its Board deems
expedient and for the best interests of the Company.

2. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Company
will so provide.

3. The books of the Company may be kept at such place within or without the State of
Delaware as the Bylaws of the Company may provide or as may be designated from time to time
by the Board.

EIGHTH

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between the Company and its
creditors or any class of them and/or between the Company and its stockholders or any class of
them, any court of equitable jutisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in
4 summary way of the Company or of any crealitor or stockholder thereof or on the application of
any Técejver or receivers appointed for the Company under the provisions of Section 291 of Title
8 of the Delaware Code or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or
receivers appointed for the Company under the provisions of Section 279 of Title 8 of the

222391 v7/CO 15
4nj07!. DOC
FRCM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (FRIDLS. 5°04 12:41 /5T. 12:53/N0. #803/70240 P 18

Delaware Code, order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders
or class of stockholders of the Company, as the case May be, to be summoned in such manner as
the said court directs. If a taajority in number Tepresenting three-fourths in value of the creditars

or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct ot a knowing violation of
law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction
from which the director derived any iniproper personal benefit. If the Delaware General
Corporation Law is amended hereafier to authorize corporate action further eliminating or

1. Right To Indemnification

Fach person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or
is involved in any action, auit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, adminisirative or
investizative (“proceeding”), by reason of the fact that he or she or a person of whom he or she
is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Company or is or was serving at

employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action or inaction in an
official capacity as a dircctor or officer of the Company, or as a director, officer, employee or
agent or in any other capacity assumed at the request of the Company while serving as a director
or officer of the Company, will be indernpified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest
extent authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter
be amended, (but, in: the cage of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment
Permits the Company to provide broader indemmification rights than said Law permitted the
Company to provide Prior to such amendment) against all expenses, liability and loss including

indemnification will continue as toa person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or
agent and will inure to the henefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided,

222391 VIICO 16
4rJ071.D0C
FRCM CORPORATION TRUST WILM. TEAM #2 (FRID1%. 5°04 12:41/87. 12:53/NO, 486379624) P 19

officer (and not iin any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a
director or officer, including, without fi itation, service to an employee benefit plan) in advance
of the final disposition of such Proceeding, will be made only upon delivery to the Company of
an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it
should be determined ultimately that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified
under this Section or otherwise, The Company may, by action of the Board, provide
indemnification to employces and agents of the Company with the same scopes and effect as the
foregoing indemnification of directors and officers,

2. Right Of Claimant To Bring Suit

If a claim under Section 1 of Article TENTH is not paid in full by the Company
within ninety (90) days after a written claim has been received by the Company, the claimant
may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Company to recover the unpaid amount of the

final disposition where the required undertaking, if any, has been tendered to this Company) that
the claimant has not met the standards of conduct which make it permissible under the Delaware
General Corporation Law for the Company to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed,

4. Insurance

The Company may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any
such director, officer, employee ot agent of the Company or another corporation, partnership,
Joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense, lability or loss, whether or not

222391 7/0 17
4rh07 DOC
FRCM CORPORATION “RUST WILM. TEAM #2

the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or
loss under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

5. California Law

Ti! and to the extent that the Company may from time to time be or becotne subject
fo certain provisions of the CGCL pursuant to Section 2115 thereof; then, as authorized by

is otherwise permitted under Section 317 of the CGCL, subject only to the limits created by
applicable Delaware law (statutory or non-statutory) with respect to actions for breach of duty to
the Company, its stockholders or others, No repeal or modification of this Article Tenth shall
affect any rights or obligations with respect to any state of facts then or theretofore existing or
thereafter arising or any Proceeding theretofore or thereafter brought or threatened hased in
whole or in part upon any such state of facts.

ELEVENTH
The Company reserves the Tight to amend or repeal any provision contained in this

Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and
ali nights conferred upon a stockholder herein are granted subject to this reservation.

222391 v7/CO 1g
ariO7.DOC

(FRID 12. 5° 04 12:42/ST. 12:53/N0. 4863796240 P 20
