state of Delaware
Secretary of State
iLvVisL £ Corporations
Delivered 04:42 Es 06/07/2006
FILED 01:31 PM 06/07/2006
SRV 060549971 - 3759178 FILE THIRD RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
of
ALIBRIS, INC.
(Originally incorporated on January 30, 2004)

Alibris, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifics that the Third
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation attached hereto as Exhibit A,
which is incorporated herein by reference, has been duly adopted by the corporation's
Board of Dircctors and the Corporation’s sole stockholder in accordance with Sections
242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”), with the approval of
the corporation’s sole stockholder having been given by written consent without a
meeting in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL.

IN WITNESS WHEREOEF, said corporation has caused this Third
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its duly authorized officer.

Dated: June tf , 2006

Title: Secretary

Doe 4:NY7:203545.2
Schedule A
THIRD RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
of
ALIBRIS, INC.
I. Name. The name of the corporation is Alibris, Inc. (the

“Corporation”).

Il. Address: Registered Office and Agent. The address of the
Corporation’s registered office is 3500 South DuPont Highway, City of Dover, County of
Kent, Delaware 19901, and the name of its registered agent at such address is
Incorporating Services, Ltd.

II. Purposes. The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any
lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General
Corporation Law.

IV. Numberof Shares. The total number of shares of stock that the
Corporation shall have authority to issue is: One Hundred (100), all of which shall be
shares of Common Stock without par value.

Vv. Election of Directors, Unless and except to the extent that the By-
laws of the Corporation (the “By-laws”) shall so require, the election of directors of the
Corporation need not be by written ballot.

VI. = Limitation of Liability. To the fullest extent permitted under the
General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time, no director of the Corporation
shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provision shall

not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in

Doc #:N¥7:203545,2
respecl of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, repeal or
modification.
Vi. Indemnification,

A. Right to Indemnification. The Corporation shall indemnify

and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists

or may hereafter be amended, any person (a “Covered Person”) who was or is made or is
threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a “Proceeding”), by reason of the
fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or She is the legal representative, is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is
Or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit
entity (an “Other Entity”), including service with respect to employee benefit plans,
against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) reasonably
incurred by such Covered Person. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as
otherwise provided in Section 7.3, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a
Covered Person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such
Covered Person only if the commencement of such Proceeding (or part thereof) by the
Covered Person was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the
“Board”’).

B. Prepayment of Expenses. The Corporation shall pay the
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending any

Proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that, to the extent

Doe #:NY7:203545.2
3

required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition
of the Procceding shail be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Covered
Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the
Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article 7 or otherwise,

C. Claims. If a claim for indemnification or advancement of
expenses under this Article 7 is not paid in full within 30 days after a written claim
therefor by the Covered Person has been received by the Corporation, the Covered Person
may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in wholc or in
part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim, In any such
action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not
entitled to the requested j ndemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable
law,

D. Nonexclusivity of Rights. The ri ghts conferred on any
Covered Person by this Article 7 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that such
Covered Person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of this
Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise,

E. Other Sources, The Corporation's obligation, if any, to

indemnify or to advance expenses to any Covered Person who was or is serving al its
request as a director, officer, employee or agent of an Other Entity shall be reduced by
any amount such Covered Person may collect as indemnification or advancement of

expenses from such Other Entity.

Doc #:NY¥7:293545.2
F, Amendment or Repeal. Any repeal or modification of the
foregoing provisions of this Article 7 shall not adversely affect any right or protection
hereunder of any Covered Person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the
time of such repeal or modification.

G. Other Indemnification and Prepayment of Expenses, This
Article 7 shall not limit the tight of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner
permitted by applicable law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than
Covered Persons when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action,

Vill, Adoption, Amendment and/or Repeal of By-Laws. In
furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the Jaws of the State of
Delaware, the Board is expressly authorized to make, alter and repeal the By-laws,
subject to the power of the stockholders of the Corporation to alter or repeal any By-law
whether adopted by them or otherwise.

IX. Certificate Amendments. The Corporation reserves the right at any

lime, and from time to time, to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in
this Certificate of Incorporation, and other Provisions authorized by the laws of the State
of Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter
prescribed by applicable law: and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever
nature conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons whomsoever by and
pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended

are granted subject to the rights reserved in this article.

Doe env 7:203545,2
