A0662796
ew At

Best Copy Available 2002867 -1y Sale Call
JUN 2 7 2002,
ALIPHCOM |

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCGRPORATION

HOSAIN RAHMAN and CRAIG JACOBY hereby certify that:

1. They are the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Assistant Secretary,
respectively, of AliphCom, a California corporation.

2. The articles of incorporation of this corporation are amended and restated to read
as follows:

|
The name of the corporation is AliphCom (the “Ceaspany”).
I

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business, or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

it

A. Authorized Capital Steck. The Company is authorized to issuc two classes of
shares, designated respectively “Commeen Steck” and “Preferred Stock”. The Company is
authorized to issue one hundred eighty million (180,000,000) shares of Common Stock. The
Company iz authorized to ineae ane busadend tree miftion seven hundred thousand (°03,700,000)
shares of Preferred Stock, of which one million two hundred fifty thousand (1,250,00U) shares
are designated Series A Preferred Stock (“Series A Preferved’), two million one hundred
thousand (2,100,000) shares sre designated Series B Preferred Stock (“Series B Preferred’),
twenty-three. million five hundred thousand. (23,500,000) shares. are. designated Serics C
Preferred Stock (“Sertes:C Preferred”), one million two hundred fifty thousand (1,250,000)
shares are designated: Series : 1-A Preferred Stock (‘Sertes 1-A Preferred”), (wo million one
hundred thousand (2,100,000). shares sre designated Series 1-B Preferred Stock (“Series 1-B
Preferred”), tweaty-three million five hundred thousand (23,500,000) shares are designated
Series 1-C Pr-ferred Stock (“Sertes 1-C Preferred”) and fifty million (50,000,000) shares are
designated Scrics 2 Preferred Stock (“Series 2 iveferred’).

B. Ceoaversian of Outmteading Preferred Stock. Contingent upon, and effective
immediately and automati uly at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on the day of the closing of the initial
sale and issuance of shares of Series 2 Preferred pursuant to that certain Series 2 Preferred Stock
and Warrant Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreemunt’) dated on or about June 29, 2007,
by and among the Company and-certain investors (the “Conversion Time’), cach share of Series
A Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred (collectively, the “Prior Preferred’)
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Conversion Time, shall automatically upon such
Conversion Time, without further action by the holders of such Prior Preferred, be converted and
reconsututed into one newly authorized share of Series 1] Preferred Stock as described in this Part
B.

1. Fach share of Series A Preferred outstanding immediately prior to the
Conversion Time shall automatically convert into one share of Series 1-A Preferred immediately
upen such Conversion Time, each share of Series B Preferred outstanding immediately prior to
the Conversion Tiine shall automatically convert into one share of Series 1-B Preferred
immediately upon such Conversion Time, and each share of Series C Preferred outstanding
immediately pricr to the Conversion Time shall automatically convert into one share of Series 1 -
C Preferred immediately upon such Conversion Time. in each case, without any further action by
the holder of such shaves and whether or not the certificate representing such shares are
surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent: provided. however, that the Company shail not
be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Series 1-A Preferred, Series 1-B
Preferred or Series !-C Preferred issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates
evidencing such shares of Prior Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its transfer
agent as provided below, or the holdei notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement reasonably sa‘isfactory
to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates.

2. Upon the occurrence of such automatic conversion of Prior Preferred, the
lolders of Prior Preferred shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of
the Company or any transfer agent for the Prior Preferred. Thereupon, there shall be issued and
delivered to such holder promptly at such office and in the name as shown on such surrendered
certificate or certificates, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Series I-A
Preterred, Series 1-B Preferred or Series !-C Preferred into which the shares of Prior Preferred
surrendered were convertible as provided in this Part B. For any fraction of a share, the
Company shall, in lieu of issuing a fractional share, pay cash to such holder equal tc the product
of such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of one share of Series 1-A Preferred Stock.
Series }-B Preferred Stock or Series 1-C Preferred Stock, as applicable, as determined by the
Company's Board of Directors, rounded to the nearest whole cent.

3. After the conversion of the Pnor Preferred pursuant to this Part B, ihe
Company shall, without the vote or consent of the shareholders of the Company or any class or
series thereof, amend. or amend and restate these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation (“Restated Articles’) to delete provisions of Article III and Article IV of these
Restated Articles that relate to the Series A Prefurred, Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred
and to reduce the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock to seventy-six million eight
hundred fifty thousand (76,850,000).

IV

The relative rights. preferences, privileges. and restrictions granted to or imposed upon
the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock and the holders thereof are as folliws:

1d92kS v7SE 2
SECTION 1. DIVIDENDS.

(i) The holders of record of the Series A Preferred (the “Series A Preferred
Holders”), the holders of record of the Series 1-A Preferred (the “Series I-A Preferred
Holders”), the holders of record of the Series B Preferred (the “Series B Preferred Holders’),
the holders of record of the Series 1-B Preferred (the “Series 1-B Preferred Holders’), the
holders of record of the Series C Preferred (the “Series C Preferred Holders’), the holders of
record of the Series 1-C Preferred (the “Series 1-C Preferred Holders’) and the hoiders of
record of the Series 2 Preferred (the “Series 2 Preferred Holders.” and together with the Series
A Preferred Holders, Series 1-A Preferred Holders, the Series B Preferred Holders, the Series 1-
B Preferred Holders, the Series C Preferred Holders and the Series 1-C Preferred Holders, the
“Preferred Holders’) shall be entitled to receive dividends at the rate of 8% of the applicable
Original Issue Price (as defined b.!ow) per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares), per annum,
respectively. Such dividends shall be payable out of funds legally available therefor only when,
as, and if declared by the Company's Board of Directors (the “Board”) and shall be non-
cumulative.

(ii) | No dividends shall be paid with respect to the Series 1-A Preferred, the
Series i-B Preferred or the Series 1-C Preferred (collectively the “Seriz : ] Preferred’), the Prior
Preferred, or the Common Stock until dividends at the rate of 8% of the Series 2 Original Issue
Price (as defined below) per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and the like with r->pect to such shares) per annum on the Sc.:cs 2 Preferred
shall have been paid or declared or set apart during that fiscal year.

(iii) | No dividends shall be paid with respect to the Series A Preferred. the
Series 1-A Preferred, the Series B Preferred, the Series 1-B Preferred or the Common Stock until
dividends at the rate of 8% of the Series 1-C Original Issue Price (as defined below) per share (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect
to such shares) per annum on the Series I-C Preferred shall have been paid or declared or set
apart duriny that fiscal year.

(iv) No dividends shali be paid with respect to the Common Stock until
dividends at the rate of 8% of the applicable Original Issue Price per share (as adjusted for any
stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares)
per annum on the Series A Preferred, the Series 1-A Preferred, the Series B Preterred and Series
1-B Preferred shal] have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year.

(v) After payment of such preferential dividends on the Series 2 Preterred.
Series | Preferred and Prior Preferred during any fiscal year, any further dividends declared or
paid during such fiscal year and prior to the Conversion Time shall be deciared or paid (as the
case may be) ratably on the outstanding Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series C
Preferred (on an as converted to Common Stock basis) and the Common Stock.

130288 v7 SE 3.
SECTION 2. LIQUIDATION PREFERENCES.

2.1 Liquidation. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Company, whether voluntary or involuntary:

(i) Before any distribution or payment shall be made to the Series 1 Preferred
Holders. the holders of the Prior Preferred (the “Prior Preferred Holders”) or the holders of
Common Stock (the “Common Holders’), each Series 2 Preferred Holder shall be cntitled to
receive a liquidation preference equal to the Series 2 Original Issue Pric? (as defined below) per
share of Series 2 Preferred k2ld by such holder (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares) plus all declared
but unpaid dividends thereon (the “Series 2 Liquidation Preference’). \f the assets of the
Company legally available for distribution to the shareholders or the consideration received in an
Acquisition or Asset Transfer (each as defined below) legally available for distribution to the
shareholders (the “Assets”) are insufficient to permit the payment in full of the Series 2
Liquidation Preference, then all of the Assets shall be distributed ratably among the Series 2
Preferred Holders in proportion to the full Series 2 Liquidation Preference such holders would
otherwise be entitled to receive.

(ii) After payment of the full Series 2 Liquidation Preference, each Series C
Preferred Holder and Series |-C Preferred Holder shall be entitled to receive a liquidation
preference equal to the applicable Original Issue Price (as defined below) per share of Series C
Preferred or Series 1-C Preferred held by such holder (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares) plus any declared
but unpaid dividends thereon (the “Prior Senior Preferred Liquidation Preference’). \f the
Assets are insufficient to permit the payment of the full Prior Senior Preferred Liquidation
Preference, then ali of the Assets shall be distributed ratably among the Series C Preferred and
Series 1-C Preferred Holders in proportion to the full Prior Senior Preferred Liquidation
Preference such holders would otherwise be entitled to receive.

(iii) After payment of the full Series 2 Liquidation Preference and full Pror
Senior Preferred Liquidation Preference, each Series A Preferred Holder, Series 1-A Preferred
Holder, Series B Preferred Holder and Series 1-B Preferred Holder shall be entitled to receive a
liquidation preference equal to the applicable Original Issue Price (as defined below) per share of
such Series A Preferred, Series 1-A Preferred, Series B Preferred or Series 1-B Preferred held by
such holder (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the
like with respect to such shares) plus any declared but unpaid dividends thereon (the “Pr.or
Junior Preferred Liquidation Preference’). \f the Assets are insufficient to permit the pey ment
of the full Prior Junior Preferred Liquidation Preference, then all of the Assets shall be
distributed ratably among the Series A Preferred Holders, Series 1-A Preferred Holders, Series B
Preferred Holders and Series 1-B Preferred Holders in proportion to the full Prior Junior
Preterred Liquidat:on Preference such holders would otherwise be entitled to receive.

(iv) After payment of such full Series 2 Liquidation Preference, full Prior
Senior Preterred Liquidation Preference and full Prior Junior Preferred |.iquidation Preference,
the remaining Assets, if any, available for distribution shall be distributed ratably to the holders
of the Common Stock, the Series 2 Preferred Holders {on an as-if-converted to Common Stock

139285 \7.SE 4.
basis) and, if distribution occurs prior to the Conversion Time. the Series C Preferred Holders
‘on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis) until such time as (A) the Series 2 Preferred
Holders have received pursuant to Section 2.1{i) above and this Section 2.1{iv) an aggregate
amount per share of Series 2 Preferred equal to three (3) times the Series 2 Original Issue Price
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapiializations and the like with
respect to such shares) and (B) if distribution occurs prior to the Conversion Time, the holders of
Series C Preferred have received pursuant to Section 2.1(ii) above and this Section 2.1(iv) an
aggregate amount per share of Series C Preterred equal to three (3) times the Series C Original
Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the
like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof); thereafter, the remaining Assets, if
any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock and, if distribution occurs
prior to the Conversion Time, the Series A Preferred and the Series B Preferred on an as-if-
converted to Common Stock basis until such time as the holders of Series A Preferred have
received pursuant to Section 2.1(iii) above and this Section 2.1(iv) an aggregate amount per
share of Series A Preferred equal to three (3) tirnes the Series A Original Issue Price (as adjusted
for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such
shares after the filing date hereof); thereafter, the remaining Assets, if any, shall be distributed
ratably to the holders of the Common Stock and, if distribution occurs prior to the Conversion
Time, the Series B Preferred on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis until such time as the
holders of Series B Preferred have received pursuant to Section 2.I(iii) above and this Section
2.1(iv) an aggregai? amount per share of Series B Preferred equal to three (3) times the Series B
Original Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations
and the like with respect to such shares after the filing daie hereof); thereafter, the remaining
Assets available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common
Stock.

(v) The Series A Original Issue Price shall be $0.80 per share. the Series 1-A
Original Issue Price shall be $9.80 per share, the Series B Original Issue Price shal: be $0.86 per
share, the Series 1-B Original Issue Price shall be $0.86 per share, the Series C Original Issue
Price shall be $0.32921 per share, the Series 1-C Original Issue Price shall be $0.32921 per
share, and the Series 2 Original Issue Price shall be $0.1777 per share.

2.2 Acquisition or Sale of Assets.

(a) For purposes of this Section 2, a “liquidation” shall include (i) (A) any
consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entily or
Person, Or any other corporate reorganization, in which the shareholders of the Company
immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, own less than 50% of the
voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such consolidation, merger or
reorganization (or its parent entity if the surviving entity is wholly-owned by the parent entity):
or ( B) any transaction or series of related transactions to which the Company is a party in which
in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the Company's voting power is transferred (other than
Pursuant to an equity financing for capital raising purposes or a merger or consolidation
exclusively to change the domicile of the Company) (each, an “Acquisition”): or (ii) a sale of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company (an “Asset Transfer’).

betas y7 SE §
(b) In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be received is
securities of a corporation or other property other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair
market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions on
free marketability:

(A) If traded on a securitics exchange or the Nasdaq Global Market. the
value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securitics on such exchange
over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be
the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty-day period
ending three (3) days prior to the closing: and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market
value thereof. as determined in good faith by the Board.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or other
restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in (i) (A). (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board.

2.3. Repurchases. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the California Corporations
Code. the provisions of Sections 502 and 503 shall not apply with respect to repurchases by the
Company of shares of Common Stock held by employees. directors, or consultants upon
termination of their employment or services, if such repurchase is pursuant to an agreement
providing for the right of such repurchase.

SECTION 3. CONVERSION.
The Preferred Holders shall have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights’):
3.1 Right to Convert; Automatic Conversion.

(i) Subject to Section 3.3, each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible,
at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the
office of this Company or any transfer agent for such shares, into such nu:nber of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined as follows:

(A) — Each share of Series A Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the Serie, A Original Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion.

(B) Fach share of Series 1-A Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing

PHWVINE SSE 6.
the Series 1-4 Original Issue Price by the Series 1-A Conversion Price, determined as nereafter
provided. in effect at the time of conversion.

(C) Each share of Series B Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the Series B Original Issue Price by the Series B Conversion Price, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion.

(D) —_Each share of Series 1-B Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the Series 1-B Original Issue Price by the Series 1-B Conversion Price, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion.

(E) Each share of Series C Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid ard nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the Series C Original Issue Price by the Series C Conversion Price, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion.

(F) Each share of Series 1-C Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Commen Stock as is determined by dividing
the ©2708 1-C Original Issue Price by the Series !-C Conversion Price, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion.

(G) Each share of Series 2 Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the Series 2 Orginal Issue Price by the Series 2 Conversion Price, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion.

(ii) The initial Series A Conversion Price shall be equal to the Series A
Original Issue Price, the initial Series 1-A Conversion Price shall be equal to the Series 1-A
Original Issue Price, the initial Series B Conversion Price shall be equal to the Series B Orginal
Issue Price, the initial Series 1-B Conversion Price shall be equal to the Series 1-B Original Issue
Price, the initial Series C Conversion Price shall be equal to the Series C Original Issue Price, the
initial Series 1-C Conversion Price shal! be equa! to the Series 1-C Original Issue Price and the
initial Series 2 Conversion Price shail be equal to the Series 2 Original Issue Price: provided,
however, that each such Conversion Prices shall be subject to adjustment as set forth below.

(iii) | Each share of each series of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the aprticable Conversion Price immediately upon
the closing of the sale of the Company’s Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten
public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act’),
other than a registration relating solely to a transaction under Rule 145 under such Securities Act
for any successor thereto) or to an employee benefit plan of the Company, providing aggregate
proceeds to the Company (prior to deduction for underwriters’ discounts and expenses relating to

the issuance, including without limitation fees of the Company's counsel) in excess of
$25,000,000; and

1029285 ¥7SF 7.
(iv) Each share of Series 2 Preferred shall automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock at the Series 2 Conversion Price immediately upon the approval of
such conversion by the written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series 2 Preferred.

(v) Each share of Series | Preferred shali automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock at the Series | Conversion Price immediately upon the approval of
such conversion by the written consent of the holders of a majority of the ox.s.anding shares of
Series | Preferred.

(vi) Each share of Prior Preferred shall automatically be converted into shares
of Common Stock at the applicable Prior Preferred Conversion Price immediately upon the
approval of such conversion by the written consent of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Prior Preferred.

3.2. Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he shall surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for such
shares, and shall give written notice by mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at its principal
corporate office. of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in
which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. (A Preferred
Holder may not effect a transfer of shares pursuant to a conversion unless all applicable
restrictions on transfer are complied with.) The Company shall. as soon as practicable thereafter.
issue and deliver at such office to such holder of shares of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as provided above. The Company shall promptly pay (i) in
cash or, to the extent sufficient funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock
(at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined in good faith by the Board as of the date of
such conversion), any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred Stock being
converted and (ii) in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined in good faith by
the Board as of the date of conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stock
otherwise issuable to any holder of Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the
certificate or certificates representing the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the
person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
shal! be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock
as of such date.

3.3 Conversion Price Adjustments. The Conversion Price of :he Series 2 Preferred
and cach series of Prior Preferred shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) (A) — If the Company shall issue at any time after the Effective Date (as
detined below) any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the Series 2 Conversion Price (or the applicable Conversion
Price for any series of Prior Preferred if the issuance occurs prior to the Conversit:n Time) in
effect immediately prior to the izsua..ce of such Additional Stock, then the Series 2 Conversion

IG292RS vTiSF 8.
Price (or the applicable Conversion Price for any ser.es of Prior Preferred) in effect immediately
prior to each such issuance shall (except as otherwise provided in this clause (i)) be adjusted to:

the Series 2 Conversion Price (or the applicable Conversion Price
for anv series of Prior Preferred) determined by dividing (X) an
amount equal to the sum of (a) the product derived by multiplying
the Series 2 Conversion Price (or the applicable Conversion Price
for any series of Prior Preferred) in effect immediately prior to
such issue times the number of shares of Com.non Stock
(including shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued
upon conversion of the outstanding Preferred Stock or otherwise
under Section 3.3(i)(E)) outstanding immediately prior to such
issue, plus (b) the consideration, if any, received by or deemed to
have been received by the Company upon such issue, by (Y) an
amount equal to the sum of (c) the number of shares of Common
Stock (including shares of Common Stock deemed to have been
issued upon conversion of the outstanding Preferred Stock or
otherwise issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all other
outstanding rights, options and convertible securities) outstanding
immediately prior to such issue, plus (d) the number of shares of
Common Stock issued or deemed to have been issued in such
issue.

(B) No adjustment of the Series 2 Conversion Price (or the applicable
Conversion Price for any series of Prior Preferred) shall be made in an amount less than one cent
per share. provided that any adjustment that is not required to be made by reason of this sentence
shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. Except to the
limited extent provided for in Sections 3.3(iE)(3), 3.3(iKE}(4) and 3.3(iv), no adjustment of the
Series 2 Conversion Price (or the applicable Conversion Price for any series of Prior Preferred)
shall have the effect of increasing the Series 2 Conversion Price (or the applicable Conversion
Price for any series of Prior Preferred) above the Series 2 Conversion Price (or ihe applicable

Conversion Price for any series of Prior Preferred) in effect immediately prior to such
adjustment.

(C) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the
consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
discounts, commissions or other expenses paid or incurred by this corporation to any underwriter
in connection with the issuance and sale of such Common Stock.

(D) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for a consideration in
whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair
value thereof as determined by the Board. .

f
(E) In the case of the issuance of options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for Common Stock, securities by ti gir terms convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock or options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or
exchangeable securities (where the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such

VOAV IRS SSE 9
options or rights or upon conversion or exchange of such securities are not excluded from the
definition of Additional Stock), the following prov‘sions shall apply:

(1) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stuck deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shail be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for
a consideration equa: to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in Sections
3.3(iMC) and 3.3(iD)), if any, received by the Company upon the issuance of such options o:
rights plus the ininimum purchase price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock
covered thereby;

(2) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Conimon
Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or exchangeable
securities or ucon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe tor such convertible
or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to
have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and
for a consideratiun equal to the consideration, if any, received by the Company for any such
securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued
interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional consideration, if any, to be received by the
Company upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related
options or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the maaner provided in
Sections 3.3(i4C) and 3.3(i)(D));

(3) In the event of any change in the numbver of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in
exchange for such convertible or exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change
resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Series 2 Conversion Price (ur the
applicable Conversion Price for any series of Prior Preferred) in effect at the time shall forthwith
be readjusted to the Series 2 Conversion Price (or the applicable Conversion Price for an, series
of Prior Preferred) as would have obtained had the adjustment that was made upon the iss:iance
of such options, rights or securities not converted prior to such change or the options or rights
rclated to such securities not converted prior to such change been made upon the basis of such
change, but no further adjusument shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock upon
the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such securities:

(4) Upon the expiration of any such options or rights, the
termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights
related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Series 2 Conversion Price (or the
applicable Conversion Price for any series of Prior Preferred) shall forthwith be readjusted to the
Series 2 Conversion Price (or the applicable Conversion Price for any series of Prior Preferred)
as would have obtained had the adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options,
rights or securities or options or rights related to such securities been made upon the basis of the
issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of
such optiors or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise cf
the options or rights related to such securities.

HDS ORS V7 SI 10.
(ii) | “Effective Date” means the first date on which shares of Series 2 Preferred
were issued.

“Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 3.3(i)(E)) by this Company after the Effective
Date other than:

(A) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3(iXE)) pursuant to a transaction described in Section 3.3(iii).

(B) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3(iXE)) or issuable (or deemed to be issuable pursuant to Section 3.5(i(E)) to
employees, officers, or directors of, or consultants to, the Company, pursuant to stock purchase
or stock option plans or other arrangements that are approved by the Board.

(C) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Secuion 3.3(iE)) or issuable ,or deemed to be issusble pursuant to Section 3.3(iKE)) upon
conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock.

(D) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3(iXE)) or issuable (or deemed to be issuavle pursuant to Section 3.3(iKE)) to
equipment lessors or commercial lenders in connection with an equipment lease or commercial
loan transaction where the principal purpose of the transaction is not to raise equity financing
and where such transaction is approved by the Board.

{E) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3(iME)) or issuable (or deemed to be issuable pursuant to Section 3.3(i)(E)) to
landlords in connection with a real property lease transaction where the princips| purpose of the
transaction is not to raise equity financing and where such transaction is unanimously approved
by the Board.

(F) | Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3(iXE)) or issuable (or deemed to be issuable pursuant to Section 3.3(i(E)) pursuant to
a merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination or a strategic alliance or the
acquisition of technology approved by the Board.

(G) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3(14E)) pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(iti) In the event the Company shouid at any time or from time to time after the
date of the filing of these Restated Articles (the “Filing Date’) fix a record date for the
effectuation of a split or subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the
determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution
payable in additional shares of Common Stcck or other securities or rights convertible into, or
entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock
(hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock Equivalents’) without payment of any consideration
by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents
(including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof).

tase e ey 7 NE 1.
then. as ef such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if rio
record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be
appropriately decreased so that the number uf shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion
of each such share shall be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares.

(iv) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after
the Filing Date is decreased by a combination of the vutstanding shares of Common Stock, then,
as of the record date of such combination. the Conversion Price for each series of Preferred
Stock shall be appropriatciy increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
on conversion of each such share shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease ~
outstanding shares.

3.4 Other Distributions. In the event this Company shall declare a distribution
payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by this Company or
other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in Section
3.3(iii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 3.4, the holders of the Preferred
Stock shall be entitied io a proportionate share of any such distributicn as though they were the
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Siock or the Company entitled to receive such distribution.

3.5 Recapitalizations. If at any time or from ume to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale
of assets transaction provided for elsewher> in this Section 3), provision shall be made (in form
and substance satisfactory to the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock then outstanding) so
that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive, upon conversion of
the Preferred Stock, such shares or other securities or property of the Company or otherwise, to
which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section (including adjustment of the
Conversion Prices then in effect and the nuinber of shares purchasable upon conversion of shares
of Preferred Stock) shall be appiicable after that event as nearly equivalent as mav be practicable.

3.6 No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the Company shall pay the fair value in cash of any fractional
share of Common Stock that would otherwise have been issued to a Preferred Holder upon
conversion of all of the shares being converted of any series of Preferred Stock.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment of the Conversion Price of a
series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section, the Company, at its expense, shall promptly
compute such adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and turnish to each
holder of shares of the series of Preferred Stock with respect to which the Conversion Price is
being adjusted a certificate setting forth such adjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment is based. The Company shall. upon the written request at any time of uny

10392858 v7AS{ 12
Preferred Holder. furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth
(A) such adjustment, (B) the Conversior Price at the time in effect for each series of Preferred
Stock. and CC) the number of shares of Conunon Stock and the amount, if any. of other property
which at the time would be received upon the conversion of such holder's shares of Preferred
Stock.

3.7 Notices of Record Date. ‘n the event of any taking by this Company of a record
of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of any class or any other securities or property, or
lo receive any other right. this Company shall mail to each holder of shares of Preferred Stock, at
least 20 days prior jo the date specified therein (or such shorter period approved by the holders of
a majority Of the outstanding Prefered Stock, provided such period shall not de less than 10
davs), a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of
such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution,
or right.

3.8  ReServation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. This Company shal! at al]
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such number
of its shares of Cornmon Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of
ali outstanding shares Of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding Shares of Preferred Stock, this Company will take such corporate action as may, in
the opinion Of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes.

3.9 = Notiices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 3 to be given to the
holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be delivered five (5) days after having
been deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid. registered or certified, and addressed
to each holdero f record at his address appearing on the stock transfer books of this Company.

SECTION 4. VOTING RIGHTS.

4.1 Gemeral. Each Preferred Holder shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to
the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock could be
converted (pursuant to Section 3 hereof) immediately after the close of business on the record
date fixed for such meeting or the effective date of such written consent and shall have voting
rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the Common Stock and shall be
entitled to notice of any shareholders” meeting in accurdaice with the bylaws of this corporation.
Except as otlherwiSe provided herein or as required by law, the Preferred Stock shall vote
together with the Common Stock at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders and not as
a separate class, an@ may act by written consent in tite same manner as the Common Stock.

4.7 Votimg for the Election of Directors.

1039284 6 7/SF 13.
(i) So long as at least 10,000,000 shares of Series 2 Preferred originally
issued remain outstanding (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits or other
similar event(s) with respect to such shares after the Filing Date), the Series 2 Preferred Holders,
voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Company at each
annual election of directors or pursuant to each consent of the Company's shareholders for the
election of directors (and to remove such director and fill any vacancies with respect thereto).

(ii) Prior to the Conversion Time. so long as at least twenty-five percent
(25°0) of the shares of Series C Preferred originally issued remain oustanding, the Series C
Preferred Holders, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of the
Company at each annual election of directors (and to remove such directors and fill any
vacancies with respect thereto) (each such director, a “Series C Director’).

(iii) | Prior to the Conversion Time, so long as an aggregate of at least 800,000
shares of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred originally issued remain outstanding, the
holders of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred, voting together as
a single class on an as-converted basis. shal! be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Company
at each annual electior of directors (and to remove such director and fill any vacancies with
respect thereto).

(iv) Prior to the Conversion Time, the holders of outstanding Common Stock,
voling as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Company at each
annual election of directors or pursuant to each consent of the Company's shareholders for the
election of directors (and to remove such director and fill any vacancies with respect thereto).

(v) Immediately following the Conversion Time, the holders of outstanding
Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of the
Company at each annual election of directors or pursuant to each consent of the Company's
shareholders for the election of directors (and to remove such directors and fill any vacancies
with respect thereto).

(vi) |The Preferred Holders and Common Holders, voting together as a single
class on an as-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all remaining directors of the Company at
each annual election of directors or pursuant to each consent of the Company's shareholders for
the election of directors (and to remove such directors and fill any vacancies with respect
thereto).

4.3 Separate Vote of Series 2 Preferred. For so long as at least 10,000,000 shares
of Series 2 Preferred remain outstanding (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or
splits or other similar event(s) with respect to the Series 2 Preferred after the Filing Date), in
addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Sezies ? Preferred shall be necessary for effecting
or validating (whether by merger, recapitalization or otherwise) any amendment, alteration, or
repeal of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (including any filing of a
Certificate of Designation), that alters or changes the voting or other powers, preferences, or
other special rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series 2 Preferred so as to affect them
adversely.

\O392RS V7/SF 14.
4.4 Separate Vote of Series 1 Preferred. For so long as at least 10,000,000 shares
of Series | Preferred remain outstanding (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or
splits or other similar event(s) with respect to the Series | Preferred after the Filing Date), in
addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the
holders of at least a majorly of the outstanding Series | Preferred shall be necessary for effecting
or validating (whether by merger, recapitalizaiion or otherwise) any amendment. alteration, or
repeal of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (including any filing of a
Certificate of Designation), that alters or changes the voting or other powers, preferences, or
other special rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series ] Preferred so as to affect them
adversely.

4.5 Separate Vote of Prior Preferred. For so Jong as at least 10,000,000 shares of Prior
Preferred remain outstanding (2s adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits or other
similar event(s) with rzspect to the Prior Preferred after the Filing Date), in addition to any other
vote or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the holders of at least a
majority of the outstanding Prior Preferred shall be necessary for effecting or validating (whether
by merger, recapita'ization or otherwise) any amendment, alteration, or repeal of any provision
of the Articles of Inccrporation of the Company (including any filing of a Certificate of
Designation), that alters or changes the voting or other powers, preferences, or other special
rights, privileges or restrictions of the Prior Preferred so 15 to affect them adversely.

4.6 Separate Vote of Series C Preferred. Prior to the Conversion Time, for so long as
at least 4,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred remain outstanding (as adjusted for any stock
dividends. combinations or splits with respect to such shares) the Company shall not (other than
pursuant Article III, Part B of these Restated Articles), without the approval (by vote or written
corsent, as provided by law) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred (voting as a separate class):

(i) Amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Company's Artic!es of
Incorporation or Bylaws;

(ij) Alter or change the voting or other pow::rs, preferences, or other
special rights or privileges, or restrictions of the Series C Preferred, whether by reclassification,
merger or amendment of these Articles of Incorporation;

(iii) Increase the authorized number of shares of Series C Preferred;

(iv) Increase the authorized number of shares of Preferred Sinck;

(v) Authorize or designate, whether by reclassification, merger or
amendment of these Articles of Incorporation, any new class or series of stock or any othier
securities convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to
the Series C Preferred;

(vi) \uthorize any transaction that would be deemed to be a
“liquidation” under Section 2.2 above;

sarge yO SE 18.
—

(vii) Issue” or sell an, equity securities of any subsidiary other than to
the Companys or to a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary: or

(viii) Declare any dividend or otter distribution with respect to Common
Stock; or

(ix) ” Increase the authorized number of members of the Board to a
number greater than five (5). a

4.7 Separate Vote of Series A and B Preferred. Prior to the Conversion -Time. for so
long as at least 890,000 shares cf Series A Preferred or Series B Preferred remain outstanding.
the Company shall not (other than pursuant Article HI, Part B of these Restated Articles).
without the a»proval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred (voting together as a
single class}:

(i) Amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Company’s Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws;

(ii) | Authorize or designate, whether by reclassification, merger or
amendment of these Articles of Incorporation, any new class or series of stock or any other
securities convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking or: a parity with or senior to
the Series A Preferred or Series B Preferred;

(iii) | Deciare any dividend or other distribution with respect to Common
Stock: or

(iv) Authorize any transaction that would be deemed to be a
“liquidation” under Section 2.2 above.

4.8 Termination of Section 4.6 aad Section 4.7. Effectively immediately upon the
Conversion Time, the voting rights set forth in Sections 4.6 and 4.7 shall terminate and be of no
further effect.

5. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock
acquired by the Company by reason of redemption, purchase. conversion or otherwise shall be
reissued.

SECTION 5. REDEMPTION

$.1 Prior to the Conversion Time, the Company shall be obligated to redeem the Prior
Preferred as follows:

(a) The holders uf a majority of the then ou‘standing shares of Prior Preferred,
voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis, may require the Company, to the
extent it may lawfully do so, to redeem all of the Prior Preferred not prior to the fifth anniversary
of the Effective Date of the Series C Preferred, (the “Redemption Date’). provided that vic
Company shall receive at least sixty (60) days prior to such Redemption Date written notice of

TIQIRS VSE 16.
such consent of the Prior Preferred. The Company shall effect such redemption on the
Redemption Date by paying in cash in exchange for the shares of Prior Preferred to be redeemed
a sum equal to the applicable Original Issue Price per share of Prior Preferred (as adjusted for
any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like after the filing date
hereof) plus declared and unpaid dividends with respect to such shares. The total amount to be
paid for the Priur Preferred is hereinafter referred to as the “Redemption Price.’ The number of
shares of Prior Preferred that the Company shall be required to redeem on the Redemption Date
shall be equa! to the aggregate number of shares of Prior Preferred outstanding immediately prior
to the Redemption Date.

(b) = At. least thirty (30) days but less than sixty (60) days prior to the
Redemption Date, the Company shal! send a notice (a “Redemption Notice’) to all holders of
Prior Preferred to be redeemed setting forth (i) the Redemption Price for the shares to be
redeemed; and (ii) the place at which such holders may obtain payment of the Redemption Price
upon surrender of their share certificates. If the Company does not have sufficient fuids legally
available to redeem all shares to be redeemed at the Redemption Date, then it shall so notify such
holders and shall redeem such shares pro rata (based on the portion of the aggregate Redemption
Price payable to them) to the extent possible and shall redeem the remaining shares to be
redeemed as svon as sufficient funds are legally available.

5.2. On or prior to the Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit the Redemption
Price of all shares to be redeemed with a bank or trust company having aggregate capital and
surplus in excess of $100.060.000, as a trust fund, with irrevocable instructions and authority to
the bank or trust company to pay, on ar: after such Redemption Date, the Redemption Price of
the shares to their respective holders upon the surrender of their share certificates. Any monies
deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 5.2 for the redemption of shares thereafter
converted into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 3 hereof no later than the fifth (5")
day preceding the Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company forthwith upon such
conversion. The balance of any funds deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 5.2
remaining unclaimed at the expiration of one (1) year following such Redemption Date shall be
retumed to the Company promptly upon its written request.

5.3. On or after the Redemption Date, each holder of shares of Prior Preferred to be
redezmed shall surrender such holder's certificates representing such shares to the Company in
the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption
Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such
certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be canceled.
In the event less than all the shares represented by such certificates are redeemed, a new
certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares. From and after such Redemption
Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price or the Company
is unable to pay the Redemption Price due to not having sufficient legally available funds, all
rights of the holder of such shares as holder of Prior Preferred (except the right to receive the
Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificates), shall cease and terminate
with respect to such shares: provided that in the event that shares of Prior Preferred are not
redeemed due to a default in payment by the Company or because the Company does not have
sufficient legally available funds, such shares of Prior Preferred shall remain outstanding and
shall be entitled to all of the rights and prefeiences provided herein until redeemed.

1039285 VISE 17.
5.4 In the event of a call for redemption of ant shares of Prior Preferred. the
Conversion Rights (as defined in Section 3) for such Prior Preferred shall terminate as to the
shares designated for redemption at the close of business on the fifth (Sth) day preceding the
Redemption Date, unless default is made in payment of the Redemption Price.

5.5 Effectively immediately upon the Conversion Time, the redemption rights set
forth in this Section 5 shall terminate and be of no further effect.

V

A. The liability of the directors of this corporation for monetary damages shal] be
climinated to the fullest extent permitted under California law.

B. This corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of California) for breach of duty to this corporation
and its shareholders through bylaw provisions, agreements with agents, shareholder resolutions
or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the General
Corporation Law of California, subject to the limits on such excess indemnification set forth in
Section 204 of the General Coiporation Law of California. If, after the effective date of this
Article. California law is amended in a manner which permits a company to limit the monetary
or other liguility of its directors or to authorize indemnification of, or advancement of such
defense expenses to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to a greater extent than is
permitted on such effective date, the references in this Article to “California law” shall to that
extent be deemed to refer to California law as so amended.

Cc. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

D. In the event that a member of the Board of Directors of the Company who is also
a partner or employee of an entity that is a holder of Preferred Stock and that is in the business of
investing and reinvesting in other entities, or an employee of an entity that manages such an
entity (each, a “Fund’) acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other matter in such
individual's capacity as a partner or employee of the Fund or the manager or general partner of
the Fund (and other than directly in connection with such individual's service as a member of the
Board of Directors of the Company) and that may be an opportunity of interest for both the
Company and such Fund (a “Corporate Opportunity”), then the Compary (i) renounces any
expectancy that such director or Fund offer an opportunity to participate in such Corporate
Opportunity to the Company and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by law, waives any claim that
such opportunity coastituted a Corporate Opportunity that should have been presented by such
director or Fund to the Company or any of its affiliates: provided, however, that such director
acts in good faith.

Vi

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of this corporation,
and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of this corporation, of its

1XOI8S VINE 18.
directors and of its shareholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided
that:

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of this corporation
shall be vested in its Board of Directors. The number of directors that shall constitute the whole
Board of Directors shall be fixed by the Board of Directors in the manner provided in the
Bylaws. subject to any restrictions which may be set forth in these Articles of Incorporation.

B. Subject to Sections 211 and 212 of the General Corporation Law of California,
the Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of this
corporation. The shareholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend cr repeal the Bylaws of
this corporation; provided, howe~er, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or
series of stock of this corporation required by law or by the Articles of Incorporation, the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding
shares of the capital stock of this corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors, voting together as a single class, shal! be required tc adopt, amend or repeal any
provision of the Bylaws of this corporation.

C. The directors of this corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless a
shareholder demands election by ballot at the meeting and before the voting begins or unless the
B. ‘laws so require.

3. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the articles of incorporation has
been duly approved oy the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the articles of incorporation has
been duly approved by the Company’s shareholders in rccordance with Sections 902 and 903 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company is 5,789,209 shares of Common Stock, 1.250.000 shares of Series A Preferred,
2,037,206 shares of Series B Preferred and 15,218,241 shares of Series C Preferred. The
percentage approval required was a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock, each voting separately as a single class on an as-converted basis, a majority of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting separately as a single class, a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred, voting togetnes as a single class,
and a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred, voting separately as 2 single class.
The number of shares approving the amendment equaled or exceeded that required.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Predera CNB 19
@6/15/2887 03:19 658-244-6465 ALIPH PAGE @2

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this cectificate are true and correct of their own
knowledge.

Executed at San Frar.cisco, Califorma on June 27, 2007. pt —

HOSAIN RARMAN, President and Chief
Executive Officer

CraG JACOBY, Assistant Secretary

1039285 v1/SF 20.

O6/27/2007 FED 10 C7 (TK/RK ND 5849} Qo?
The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of their own
knowledge.

Executed at San Francisco, California on June 17. 2007.

HOSAIN RAHMAN, President anc Chief
Executive Officer

CRAIG JACOBS.

TOIOIRS VDAE 20.
