°
ee
* .

10595314 iW

_ FILED
2082369 inte ofce a he Seay 3
ALIPHCOM APR 23 2003

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ORR ORAS
Cer

aan KEVIN SHELLEY,
PATRICK MCVEIGH and HOSAIN RAHMAN hereby certify that: Secr

1. They are the chief executive officer and secretary, respectively, of AliphCom, a
California corporation.

2. The articles of incorporation of this corporation are amended and restated to read
as follows:

I -
The name of the corporation is AliphCom (the “Company”).
i

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business, or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

my
The Company is authorized to issue two classes of shares, designated respectively

“Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock”. The Company is authorized to issue 35,000,000 shares

of Common Stock. The Company is authorized to issue 18,850,000 shares of Preferred Stock, of
which 1,250,000 shares are designated Series A Preferred Stock (“Series A Preferred”),
2,100,000 shares are designated Series B Preferred Stock (“Series B Preferred”) and 15,500,000
shares are designated Series C Preferred Stock (“Series C Preferred”).

IV

The relative tights, preferences, privileges, and resirictions granted to or imposed upon
the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock and the holders thereof are as follows:

SECTION 1. DIVIDENDS.

The holders of record of the Series A Preferred (the “Series A Preferred Holders”), the
holders of record of the Series B Preferred (the “Series B Preferred Holders”) and the holders of
record of the Series C Preferred (the “Series C Preferred Holders,” and together with the Series
A Preferred Holders and the Series B Preferred Holders, the “Preferred Holders”) shall be
entitled to receive dividends at the rate of 8% of the applicable Original Issue Price (as defined
below) per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such
shares), per annum, respectively. Such dividends shall be payable out of funds legally available

of State

therefor only when, as, and if declared by the board of directors of the Company [ties Bead HC,
and shall be non-cumulative. WHD @ivLiie CHECK Vil:
SHSIECL 10 vivvik WAS

$20396 vS/SF
hidsd$*.DOC 1.

BLECFEYBYHLE Vouscu...-.
No dividends shall be paid with respect to the Series A Preferred, the Series B Preferred
or the Common Stock until dividends at the rate of 8% of the Series C Original Issue Price (as
defined below) per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect
to such shares) per annum on the Series C Preferred shal] have been paid or declared or set apart
during that fiscal year.

No dividends shall be paid with respect to the Common Stock until dividends at the rate
of 8% of the applicable Original Issue Price per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum on the Series A Preferred and the
Series B Preferred ‘shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year.

After payment of such preferential dividends on the Series A Preferred, the Series B
Preferred and the Series C Preferred during any fiscal year, any further dividends declared or
paid during such fiscal year shall be declared or paid (as the case may be) ratably on the Series A
Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred (on an as converted to Common Stock basis)
and the Common Stock.

SECTION 2. LIQUIDATION PREFERENCES.

2.1 Liquidation. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Company, whether voluntary or involuntary: ‘

{i) Before any distribution or payment shail be made to the Series A Preferred
Holders, Series B Preferred Holders or the holders of Common Stock (the “Common Holders”),
each Series C Preferred Holder shall be entitled to receive a liquidation preference equal to the
‘Series C Original Issue Price (as defined below) per share of Series C Preferred held by such
holder (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like
with respect to such shares) plus all declared but unpaid dividends thereon (the “Series C
Liquidation Preference”). If the assets of the Company legally available for distribution to the
shareholders or the considéretion received in a transaction deemed to be a liquidation pursuant to
Section 2.2 hereof legally available for distribution to the shareholders (the “Assets”) are
insufficient to permit the payment in full of the Series C Liquidation Preference, then all of the
Assets shall be distributed ratably among the Series C Preferred Holders in proportion to the full
Series C Liquidation Preference such holders would otherwise be entitled to receive.

(ii) | After payment of the full Series C Liquidation Preference, (A) each Series
A Preferred Holder shall be entitled to receive a liquidation preference equal to the Series A
Original Issue Price (as defined below) per share of Series A Preferred held by such holder (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect
to such shares) plus any declared but unpaid dividends thereon, and (B) each Series B Preferred
Holder shall be entitled to receive a liquidation preference of the applicable Series B Original
Issue Price (as defined below) per share of Series B Preferred (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares) plus
any declared but unpaid dividends thereon (together, the “Prior Preferred Liquidation
Preference”). If the Assets are insufficient to permit the payment of the full Prior Preferred
Liquidation Preference, then all of the Assets shall be distributed ratably among the Series A

$20396 w&/SF
hits0$!.DOC 2.
Preferred Holders and the Series B Preferred Holders in proportion to the full Prior Preferred
Liquidation Preference such holders would otherwise be entitled to receive.

(iii) After payment of such full Series C Liquidation Preference and full Prior
Preferred Liquidation Preference, the remaining Assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the
holders of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis
until such time as the holders of Series C Preferred have received pursuant to Section 2.1(i)
above and this Section 2.1(iii) an aggregate amount per share of Series C Preferred equal to three
(3) times the Series C Original Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof);
thereafter, the remaining Assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common
Stock, theSeries A Preferred and the Series B Preferred on an as-if-converted to Common Stock
basis until such time as the holders of Series A Preferred have received pursuant to Section 2.1(i)
above and this Section 2.1(iii) an aggregate amount per share of Series A Preferred equal to three
(3) times the Series A Original Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof);
thereafter, the remaining Assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common
Stock and Series B Preferred on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis until such time as the
holders of Series B Preferred have received pursuant to Section 2.1(i) above and this Section
2.1(iii) an aggregate amount per share of Series B Preferred equal to three (3) times the Series B
Original Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations
and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof); thereafter, the remaining
Assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock.

(iv) The Series A Original Issue Price shall be $0.80, the Series B Original
Issue Price shall be $0.86, and the Series C Original Issue Price shall be $0.32921.

2.2 Merger or Sale of Assets. For purposes of this Section 2, a “liquidation” shall
include (i) (A) any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or
other entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization, in which the shareholders of the
Company immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, own less than 50%
of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such consolidation, merger or
reorganization (or its parent entity if the surviving entity is wholly-owned by the parent entity);
or (B) any transaction or series of related transactions to which the Company is a party in which
in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the Company’s voting power is transferred (other than
pursuant to an equity financing for capital raising purposes); or (ii) a sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company.

2.3. Repurchases. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the California Corporations
Code, the provisions of Sections 502 and 503 shall not apply with respect to repurchases by the
Company of shares of Common Stock held by employees, directors, or consultants upon
termination of their employment or services, if such repurchase is pursuant to an agreement
providing for the night of such repurchase.

SECTION 3. CONVERSION.

The Preferred Holders shall have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

$20396 v8/SF
hl0sO08!1.DOC 2.
3.1 Right to Convert; Automatic Conversion.

(i) Subject to Section 3.3, each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible,
at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the
office of this Company or any transfer agent for such shares, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined as follows:

(A) Each share of Series A Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the Series A Onisinal Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion.

(B) Each share of Series B Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the Series B Original Issue Price by the Series B Conversion Price, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion.

(C) Each share of Series C Preferred shall be convertible into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the Series C Original Issue Price by the Series C Conversion Price, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion. °

Gi) The imitial Series A Conversion Price shall be equal to the Series A

Original Issue Price, the initial Series B Conversion Price shall be equal to the Series B Original

_Issue Price and the initial Series C Conversion Price shall be equal to the Series C Original Issue

Price; provided, however, that each such Conversion Prices shall be subject to adjustment as set
forth below.

(iii) Each share of each series of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the applicable Conversion Price immediately upon
the occurrence of the first of the following:

(A) Immediately upon the closing of the sale of the Company’s
Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), other than a registration relating
solely to a transaction under Rule 145 under such Act (or any successor thereto) or to an
employee benefit plan of the Company, at a public offering price (prior to underwriters’
discounts and expenses) equal to or exceeding three times the Series C Original Issue Price per
share of Common Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect
to such shares) and providing aggregate proceeds to the Company (prior to deduction for
underwriters’ discounts and expenses relating to the issuance, including without limitation fees
of the Company’s counsel) in excess of $25,000,000; and

(B) The approval of such conversion by the written consent of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock.

3.2 Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he shall surrender the certificate or

$20396 v&/SF
hIOsO$!.DOC 4,
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for such
shares, and shall sive written notice by mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at its principal
corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in
which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. (A Preferred
Holder may not effect a transfer of shares pursuant to a conversion unless all applicable
restrictions on transfer are complied with.) The Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafter,
issue and deliver at such office to such holder of shares of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shal! be entitled as provided above. Such conversion shall be deemed to
have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the
certificate or certificates representing the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the
person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock
as of such date.

3.3. Conversion Price Adjustments. The Conversion Price of each series of
Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) (A) If the Company shall issue any Additional Stock (as defined
below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than such Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, then such Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall (except as otherwise provided in this clause
(i)) be adjusted to:

the Conversion Price determined by dividing (X) an amount equal
to the sum of (a) the product derived by multiplying the
Conversion Price of such series in effect immediately prior to such
issue times the number of shares of Common Stock (including
shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued upon
conversion of the outstanding Preferred Stock or otherwise under
Section 3.3(2)(E)) outstanding immediately prior to such issue, plus
(b) the consideration, if any, received by or deemed to have been
received by the Company upon such issue, by (Y) an amount equal
to the sum of (c) the number of shares of Common Stock
(including shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued
upon conversion of the outstanding Preferred Stock or otherwise
under Section 3.3()(E)) outstanding immediately prior to such
issue, plus (d) the number of shares of Common Stock issued or
deemed to have been issued in such issue.

(B) No adjustment of the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred
Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share, provided that any adjustment that
is not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and taken into
account in any subsequent adjustment. Except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
3.3((E)(3), 3-3(@)(E)(4) and 3.3@v), no adjustment of such Conversion Price shall have the
effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment.

$20396 vS/SF
hlOsO$! DOC

M
In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the
consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
discounts, commissions or other expenses paid or incurred by this corporation to any underwriter
in connection with the issuance and sale of such Common Stock.

@) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for a consideration in
whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair
value thereof as determined by the Board.

(E) _ In the case of the issuance of options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for Common Stock, securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for
Common “Stock or options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or
exchangeable securities (where the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such
options or rights or upon conversion or exchange of such securities are not excluded from the
definition of Additional Stock), the following provisions shall apply:

(1) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for
a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in Sections
3.3(2)(C) and 3.3(3)(D)), if any, received by the Company upon the issuance of such options or
rights plus the minimum purchase price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock
covered thereby;

(2) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or exchangeable
securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible
or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to
have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and
for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the Company for any such
securities and related options or nights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued
interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional consideration, if any, to be received by the
Company upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related
options or nights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in
Sections 3.3(3)(C) and 3.34)(D)):

G) In the event of any change in the number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in
exchange for such convertible or exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change
resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price in effect at the time for
each series of Preferred Stock shall forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would
have obtained had the adjustment that was made upon the issuance of such options, rights or
securities not converted prior to such change or the options or rights related to such securities not
converted prior to such change been made upon the basis of such change, but no further
adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of any such
options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such securities;

$20396 v8/SF
hiQsO$!.DOC 6.
(4) Upon the expiration of any such options or rights, the
termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights
related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price for each series of
Preferred Stock shall forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained
had the adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options, rights or securities or
options or rights related to such securities been made upon the basis of the issuance of only the
number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights,
upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon fhe exercise of the options or rights
related to such securities.

Gi) “Effective Date” means the first date on which shares of Series C
Preferred Were issued.

“Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 3.3(i)(E)) by this Company after the Effective
Date other than:

(A) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3 30 )(E)) pursuant to a transaction described in Section 3.3(Hi).

Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3@)(E)) or issuable (or deemed to be issuable pursuant to Section 3.3(i)(E)) to
employees, officers, or directors of, or consultants to, the Company, pursuant to an arrangement
approved by the Board (including the approval of at least one director elected pursuant to Section

. 4.2(i) hereof).

(C) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3(i)(E)) or issuable (or deemed to be issuable pursuant to Section 3.3(i)(E)) upon
conversion of the shares of, Preferred Stock.

) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3()(E)) or issuable (or deemed to be issuable pursuant to Section 3.3(i)(E)) to
equipment lessors or commercial lenders in connection with an equipment lease or commercial
loan transaction where the principal purpose of the transaction is not to raise equity financing
and where such transaction is approved by the Board (including the approval of the Special
Committee, if any, elected by the Board).

(Z) Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3()(E)) or issuable (or deemed to be issuable pursuant to Section 3.3(i)(E)) to
landlords in connection with a real property lease transaction where the principal purpose of the
transaction is not to raise equity financing and where such transaction is unanimously approved
by the Board.

Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 3.3(i)(E)) or issuable (or deemed to be issuable pursuant to Section 3.3(i)(E)) pursuant to
a merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination or a strategic alliance or the
acquisition of technology approved by the Board (including the approval of the Special
Committee, if any, elected by the Board).

$20396 vS/SF
BIds081. DOC 7.
(G) With respect to the Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred, up
to 15,218,239 shares of Series C Preferred.

(iii) In the event the Company should at any time or from time to time after the
Effective Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a
dividend or other distribution payable mm additional shares of Common Stock or other securities
or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly,
additional shares of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock Equivalents”)
without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock
or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of such dividend
distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of each series of
Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each such share shall be increased in proportion to such increase of
outstanding shares determined by taking Section 3.3(i)(E) into account.

(iv) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after
the Effective Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
then, as of the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for each series of Preferred
Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
on conversion of each such share shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in
outstanding shares.

3.4 Other Distributions. In the event this Company shall declare a distribution
payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by this Company or
other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in Section
3.3(iii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 3.4, the holders of the Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to 2 proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the Company entitled to receive such distribution.

3.5 Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale
of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 3), provision shal] be made (in form
and substance satisfactory to the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock then outstanding) so
that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafier be entitled to receive, upon conversion of
the Preferred Stock, such shares or other securities or property of the Company or otherwise, to
which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section (including adjustment of the
Conversion Prices then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of shares
of Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

$20396 v&/SF
hl0sOS.DOC 8.
3.6 No Impairment. This Company will not, by amendment of its articles of
incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by this Company, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions
of this Section and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment; provided
that in any event, any provision of this Section 3 may be amended by the approval of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of any series of Preferred Stock adversely effected (in
- addition to all other approvals required by law).

3.7 No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the Company shall pay the fair value in cash of any fractional
share of Common Stock that would otherwise have been issued to a Preferred Holder upon
conversion of all of the shares being converted of any series of Preferred Stock.

(ij) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment of the Conversion Price of a
series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section, the Company, at its expense, shal] promptly
compute such adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each
holder of shares of the series of Preferred Stock with respect to which the Conversion Price is
being adjusted a certificate setting forth such adjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment is based. The Company shall, upon the written request at any time of any

- Preferred Holder, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth
(A) such adjustment, (B) the Conversion Price at the time in effect for each series of Preferred
Stock, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property
which at the time would be received upon the conversion of such holder’s shares of Preferred
Stock. oR

3.8 Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by this Company of a record
of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of any class or any other securities or property, or
to receive any other right, this Company shall mail to each holder of shares of Preferred Stock, at
least 20 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such
record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and
character of such dividend, distribution, or right.

3.9 Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. This Company shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such number
of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of
all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, this Company will take such corporate action as may, in

$20396 vS/SF
nldsOS!.DOC 9.
the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes.

3.10 Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 2 to be given to the
holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified, and addressed to each holder of
record at his address appearing on the stock transfer books of this Company.

SECTION 4. VOTING RIGHTS.

4.1. General. Except as provided by law, the Common Holders and the Preferred
Holders shall vote together on an as if converted basis.

42 Voting for the Election of Directors.

@ So long as at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares of Series C
Preferred originally issued remain outstanding (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares), the Series C Preferred Holders, voting as a
separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of the Company at each annual election
of directors (and to remove such directors and fill any vacancies with respect thereto) (each such
director, a “Series C Director”).

(ii) So long as an aggregate of at least 800,000 shares of Prior Preferred

originally issued remain outstanding (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits

- With respect to such shares), the holders of the outstanding shares of Prior Preferred, voting

together as a single class on an as-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of the

Company at each annual election of directors (and to remove such director and fill any vacancies
with respect thereto).

(iii) The ‘holders of outstanding Common Stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect one (1) directors of the Company at each annual election of directors
(and to remove such director and fill any vacancies with respect thereto).

(iv) The Series A Holders, Series B Holders, Series C Holders and Common
Holders, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all
remaining directors of the Company at each annual election of directors (and to remove such
directors and fill any vacancies with respect thereto).

43 Protective Provisions.

(a) So long as at least 4,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred remain
outstanding (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such
shares) the Company shall not, without the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by
law) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred (voting as a
separate class):

@ Amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Company’s Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws;

$20396 v&/SF
hlQsO$!.DOC 10.
Gi) _— Alter or change the voting or other powers, preferences, or other
special rights or privileges, or restrictions of the Series C Preferred, whether by reclassification,
merger or amendment of these Articles of Incorporation;

(iii) Increase the authorized number of shares of Series C Preferred;
(iv) Increase the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock;

_(%) | Authorize or designate, whether by reclassification, merger or
amendment of these Articles of Incorporation, any new class or series of stock or any other
securities convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to
the Series C Preferred;

(vi) Authorize any transaction that would be deemed to be a
“Jiquidation” under Section 2.2 above;

(vii) Issue or sell any equity securities of any subsidiary other than to
the Company or to a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary; or
: (viii) Declare any dividend or other distribution with respect to Common
Stock; or

(ix) Increase the authorized number of members of the Board to a
number sreater than five (5).

(b) So long as at least 800,000 shares of Series A Preferred or Series B
Preferred remain outstanding, the Company shall not, without the approval (by vote or written
consent, as provided by law) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series
A Preferred and Series B Fyeferred (voting together as a single class):

@ Amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Company’s Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws;

(ii) | Authorize or designate, whether by reclassification, merger or
amendment of these Articles of Incorporation, any new class or series of stock or any other
securities convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to
the Series A Preferred or Series B Preferred;

(if) Declare any dividend or other distribution with respect to Common
Stock; or

(iv) Authorize any transaction that would be deemed to be a
“Jiquidation” under Section 2.2 above.

$20396 v$/SF
hl0s08!.DOC 11.

SECTION 5. REDEMPTION
5.1 The Company shall be obligated to redeem the Preferred Stock as follows:

(a) The holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis, may require the Company, to
the extent it may lawfully do so, to redeem all of the Preferred Stock not prior to the fifth
anniversary of the Effective Date of the Series C Preferred, (the “Redemption Date”); provided
that the Company shall receive at least sixty (60) days prior to such Redemption Date written
notice of such consent of the Preferred Stock. The Company shall effect such redemption on the
Redemptioh Date by paying in cash in exchange for the shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed
a sum equal to the applicable Original Issue Price per share of Preferred Stock (as adjusted for
any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like after the filing date
hereof) plus declared and unpaid dividends with respect to such shares. The total amount to be
paid for the Preferred Stock is hereinafter referred to as the “Redemption Price.” The number of
shares of Preferred Stock that the Company shall be required to redeem on the Redemption Date
shall be equal to the aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the Redemption Date.

(b) ~=At least thirty (30) days but less than sixty (60) days prior to the
Redemption Date, the Company shail send a notice (a “Redemption Notice”) to all holders of
Preferred Stock to be redeemed setting forth (Gj) the Redemption Price for the shares to be
redeemed; and (ii) the place at which such holders may obtain payment of the Redemption Price
-upon surrender of their share certificates. If the Company does not have sufficient funds legally
available to redeem all shares to be redeemed at the Redemption Date, then it shal] so notify such
holders and shall redeem such shares pro rata (based on the portion of the aggregate Redemption
Price payable to them) to the extent possible and shall redeem the remaining shares to be
redeemed as soon as sufficient fimds are legally available.

§2 On or prior to the Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit the Redemption
Price of all shares to be redeemed with a bank or trust company having aggregate capital and
surplus in excess of $100,000,000, as a trust fund, with irrevocable instructions and authority to
the bank or trust company to pay, on and after such Redemption Date, the Redemption Price of
the shares to their respective holders upon the surrender of their share certificates. Any monies
deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 5.2 for the redemption of shares thereafter
converted into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 3 hereof no later than the fifth (5th)
day preceding the Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company forthwith upon such
conversion. The balance of any funds deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 5.2
remaining unclaimed at the expiration of one (1) year following such Redemption Date shall be
returned to the Company promptly upon its written request.

5.3 On or after the Redemption Date, each holder of shares of Preferred Stock to be
redeemed shall surrender such holder’s certificates representing such shares to the Company in
the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption
Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such
certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shal] be canceled.
In the event less than all the shares represented by such certificates are redeemed, a new

$20396 v8/SF
hi0s08t. DOC 12.
certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares. From and after such Redemption
Date, unless there shal] have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price or the Company
is unable to pay the Redemption Price due to not having sufficient legally available funds, all
rights of the holder of such shares as holder of Preferred Stock (except the right to receive the
Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificates), shall cease and terminate
with respect to such shares; provided that in the event that shares of Preferred Stock are not
redeemed due to a default in payment by the Company or because the Company does not have
sufficient legally available funds, such shares of Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding and
shall be entitled to all of the rights and preferences provided herein until redeemed.

5.4" In the event of a call for redemption of any shares of Preferred Stock, the
Conversion Rights (as defined in Section 3) for such Preferred Stock shall terminate as to the
shares designated for redemption at the close of business on the fifth (5th) day preceding the
Redemption Date, unless default is made in payment of the Redemption Price.

Vv
SECTION I. LIMITATION OF DIRECTORS LIABILITY.

The liability of the directors of this corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

SECTION 2. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.

This corporation is authorized to indemnify the directors and officers of the corporation
to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

SECTION 3. REPEAL OR MODIFICATION.

Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Section 3 shal] not
adversely affect any right of indemnification or limitation of liability of a director or officer of
this corporation relating to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

3. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the articles of incorporation has
been duly approved by the Board.

4, The foregoing amendment and restatement of the articles of incorporation has
been duly approved by the Company’s shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company is 5,395,214 shares of Common Stock, 1,250,000 shares of Series A Preferred and
2,037,206 shares of Series B Preferred. The number of shares approving the amendment equaled
or exceeded that required. The percentage approval required was more than 50% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, each voting separately as a single
class on an as-converted basis, and more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred and Series B Preferred, each voting separately as a single class.

$20396 vS/SF
bl0s0SLDOC 13.
The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of their own
knowledge.

Executed at San Francisco, California on April 22 , 2003.

ief Executive

$20396 vS/SF
hids0S!DOC 14.

