AQ9S40735

20¢ 2369 x A tee Ee hw
ALIPHCOM ithe Sate @ Galfora

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION pap 6 2000

Alex Asseily and Hosain Rahman hereby certify that: ve oy

1. They are the president and secretary, respectively, of AliphCom, a California
corporation.

2. The articles of incorporation of this corporation are amended and restated to read as
follows:

I
The name of the corporation (the "Company") is AliphCom.
II

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business, or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

Ill
The Company is authorized to issue two classes of shares, designated respectively "Common
Stock" and "Preferred Stock". The Company is authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of Common
Stock. The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, of which 1,250,000
shares are designated "Series A Preferred Stock" ("Series A Preferred").

Upon the effective date of these amended and restated Articles of Incorporation, each
outstanding share of Common Stock will be converted into 10 shares of Common Stock.

IV

The relative rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the
Common Stock and the Preferred Stock and the holders thereof are as follows:

CANRPORTBL\PALIB2\RBC\1385781 1
SECTION 1. DIVIDENDS.

The holders of record of Common Stock (the "Common Holders") and the holders of record
of Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Holders") shall be entitled to receive dividends out of funds
legally available therefor, when, as, and if declared by the board of directors of the Company (the
"Board").

SECTION 2. LIQUIDATION PREFERENCES.

2.1 Liquidation. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Company, whether voluntary or involuntary:

(i) The Series A Holders shall be entitled to receive a liquidation preference of
$0.80 per share of Series A Preferred (adjusted appropriately for stock splits and the like) plus any
declared but unpaid dividends thereon (the "Series A Liquidation Preference").

(ii) Ifthe assets of the Company legally available for distribution to the
shareholders (the "Assets") are insufficient to permit the payment of such full Liquidation
Preferences, then all of the Assets shall be distributed ratably among the Preferred Holders in
proportion to the full Liquidation Preferences such holders would otherwise be entitled to receive.

(iti) After payment of such full
Liquidation Preferences, the Preferred Holders and the Common Holders shall be entitled to receive
ratably the remaining Assets until the Preferred Holders have received an additional $1.60 per share
of Series A Preferred (adjusted appropriately for stock splits and the like), after which the Common
Holders will be entitled to receive ratably any remaining Assets.

2.2 Merger or Sale of Assets. For purposes of this Section 2, a "liquidation" shall include
(i) a merger or consolidation in which the Company's outstanding shares are exchanged for other
securities, property, and/or cash, and (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company.

2.2 Repurchases. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the California Corporations Code,
the provisions of Sections 502, 503, and 506 shall not apply with respect to repurchases by the
Company of shares of Common Stock held by employees, directors, or consultants upon termination
of their employment or services, if such repurchase is pursuant to an agreement providing for the
right of such repurchase.

SECTION 3. CONVERSION.

The Preferred Holders shall have conversion rights as follows (the "Conversion Rights"):

C:ANRPORTBL\PALIB2\RBC\1385781.1
(a) Right to Convert: Automatic Conversion.

(i) Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of
this Company or any transfer agent for such shares, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of Common Stock determined as set forth below.

Each share of Series A Preferred shall be convertible into such number of fully paid
and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $.80 by the Series A
Conversion Price, determined as hereafter provided, in effect at the time of conversion. The initial
Series A Conversion Price shall be $.80 per share; provided, however, that such Conversion Price
shall be subject to adjustment as set forth below.

(ii) Each share of each series of Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted
into shares of Common Stock at the applicable Conversion Price immediately upon the occurrence of
the first of the following:

(A) The effectiveness of a registration statement under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, as to the Company's Common Stock;

(B) The approval of such conversion by the written consent of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock;

(C) immediately prior to the closing of a merger or consolidation of the
Company with or into another company;

(D) achange of control, in one transaction or series of related transactions,
of a majority of the voting power of the Company.

(b) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he shall surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for such
shares, and shall give written notice by mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at its principal
corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in
which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. (A Preferred
Holder may not effect a transfer of shares pursuant to a conversion unless all applicable restrictions
on transfer are complied with.) The Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and
deliver at such office to such holder of shares of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of
such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled as provided above. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the certificate or
certificates representing the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons
entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all

CANRPORTBL\PALIB2\RBC\1385781.1
purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date.

(c) Conversion Price Adjustments. The Conversion Price of each series of Preferred
Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) (A) _ Ifthe Company shall issue any Additional Stock (as defined below)
without consideration or for a consideration per share less than such Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, then such Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to each such issuance shall (except as otherwise provided in this clause (i)) be
adjusted to:

the Conversion Price determined by dividing (X) an amount equal to the sum of
(a) the product derived by multiplying the Conversion Price of such series in effect
immediately prior to such issue times the number of shares of Common Stock
(including shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued upon conversion of
the outstanding Preferred Stock or otherwise under Section 4(c)(i)(E)) outstanding
immediately prior to such issue, plus (b) the consideration, if any, received by or
deemed to have been received by the Company upon such issue, by (Y) an amount
equal to the sum of (c) the number of shares of Common Stock (including shares of
Common Stock deemed to have been issued upon conversion of the outstanding
Preferred Stock or otherwise under Section 4(c)(i)E)) outstanding immediately prior
to such issue, plus (d) the number of shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to
have been issued in such issue.

(B) No adjustment of the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred
Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share, provided that any adjustment that is
not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and taken into account in
any subsequent adjustment. Except to the limited extent provided for in Sections 4(c)(i)(E)(3),
4(c)(i)(E)(4) and 4(c){iv), no adjustment of such Conversion Price shall have the effect of increasing
the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(C) Inthe case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the
consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by this corporation
for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(D) _ Inthe case of the issuance of Common Stock for a consideration in
whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair
value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors.

(E) Inthe case of the issuance of options to purchase or rights to subscribe

for Common Stock, securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or
options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities (where the

CANRPORTBL\PALIB2\RBC\1385781.1
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion or
exchange of such securities are not excluded from the definition of Additional Stock), the following
provisions shall apply:

(1) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock
deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock shall
be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for a consideration
equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in Sections 4(c)(i)(C) and 4(c){i)(D)),
if any, received by the Company upon the issuance of such options or rights plus the minimum
purchase price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock covered thereby;

(2) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock
deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or exchangeable securities or
upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable
securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the
time such securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal
to the consideration, if any, received by the Company for any such securities and related options or
rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the
additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Company upon the conversion or exchange of
such securities or the exercise of any related options or rights (the consideration in each case to be
determined in the manner provided in Sections 4(c){i)(C) and 4(c)(i)(D));

(3) In the event of any change in the number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for
such convertible or exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting from the
antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price in effect at the time for each series of Preferred
Stock shall forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained had the
adjustment that was made upon the issuance of such options, rights or securities not converted prior
to such change or the options or rights related to such securities not converted prior to such change
been made upon the basis of such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion or
exchange of such securities;

(4) | Upon the expiration of any such options or rights, the
termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights
related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price for each series of
Preferred Stock shall forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained had
the adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options, rights or securities or options or
rights related to such securities been made upon the basis of the issuance of only the number of
shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon the
conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such
securities.

CANRPORTBL\PALIB2\RBC\)385781.1
(ii) "Effective Date" with respect to each series of Preferred Stock means the first
date on which shares of such series of Preferred Stock were issued.

"Additional Stock" shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(c)(i)(E)) by this Company after the Effective Date
other than:

(A) Common Stock issued pursuant to a transaction described in
Section 4(c)(iii).

(B) Common Stock issued or issuable to employees, officers, or directors
of, or consultants to, the Company, pursuant to an arrangement approved by the Board.

(C) Common Stock issued pursuant to the acquisition of another
corporation by merger, purchase of all or substantially all of the assets, or other reorganization.

(D) Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the shares of
Series A Preferred.

(E) Common Stock issuable or issued to equipment lessors or commercial
lenders in connection with equipment lease or commercial loan transaction.

(F) | Common Stock issued in the Company’s initial public offering.

(iii) In the event the Company should at any time or from time to time after the
Effective Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or
other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or other securities or rights
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of
Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as "Common Stock Equivalents”) without payment of any
consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock
Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise
thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if
no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately
decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each such share
shall be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares determined by taking
Section 4(c)(i)(E) into account.

(iv) Ifthe number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after the
Effective Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, as of
the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for each series of Preferred Stock shall be
appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of
each such share shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

CANRPORTBL\PALIB2\RBC\1385781.1
(d) Other Distributions. In the event this Company shall declare a distribution payable in
securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by this Company or other persons,
assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in Section 4(c)(iii), then, in each
such case for the purpose of this Section (d), the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a
proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the holders of the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Company into which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of
the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Company entitled
to receive such distribution.

(ec)  Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a recapitalization
of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of assets transaction
provided for elsewhere in this Section), provision shall be made (in form and substance satisfactory
to the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock then outstanding) so that the holders of the
Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive, upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, such
shares or other securities or property of the Company or otherwise, to which a holder of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such
case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section with
respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section (including adjustment of the Conversion Prices then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after
that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(f) No Impairment. This Company will not, by amendment of its articles of
incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid
the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by this
Company, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this
Section and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
Conversion Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment; provided that in any
event, any provision of this Section may be amended by the approval of the holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of any series of Preferred Stock adversely effected (in addition to all other
approvals required by law).

(g) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to a
Preferred Holder upon conversion of all of the shares being converted of any series of Preferred
Stock held by such holder shall be rounded to the nearest whole number.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment of the Conversion Price of a series of
Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section, the Company, at its expense, shall promptly compute such

CANRPORTBL\PALIB2\RBC\1385781.1
adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of shares of
the series of Preferred Stock with respect to which the Conversion Price is being adjusted a
certificate setting forth such adjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment
is based. The Company shall, upon the written request at any time of any Preferred Holder, furnish
or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment, (B) the
Conversion Price at the time in effect for each series of Preferred Stock, and (C) the number of
shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of such holder's shares of Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by this Company of a record of its
shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any
dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire any shares of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, this Company shail mail to each holder of shares of Preferred Stock, at least 20 days prior to
the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend,
distribution, or right.

(i) Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. This Company shall at all times
reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the
purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of
Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, this Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel,
be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of
shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes.

G) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section to be given to the
holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United
States mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified, and addressed to each holder of record at his
address appearing on the stock transfer books of this Company.

SECTION 4. VOTING RIGHTS.

4.1 General. Except as provided by law, the Common Holders and the Preferred Holders
shall vote together on an as if converted basis.

4.2 Election of Directors. So long as at least 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred
remain outstanding:

(i) The number of directors of the Company shall be fixed at five.

C:ANRPORTBL\PALIB2\RBC\1385781.1
(ii) |The Preferred Holders, voting as a class, shall be entitled to elect one director.

(iii) ©The Common Holders, voting as a class, shall be entitled to elect four
directors.

4.3. Protective Provisions. So long as any shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
the Company shall not, without the approval of the holders of at least 50% of the outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock:

(i) Amend the articles of incorporation.
(ii) Increase the authorized number of shares of such series.
(iii) Declare any dividend or other distribution with respect to Common Stock.

(iv) Merge or consolidate with any other corporation.

(v) Sell all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

Vv

SECTION 1. Limitation of Directors’ Liability. The liability of the directors of this
corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under
California law.

SECTION 2. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. This corporation is authorized to
indemnify the directors and officers of the corporation to the fullest extent permissible under
California law.

SECTION 3. Repeal or Modification. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing
provisions of this Section 6 shall not adversely affect any right of indemnification or limitation of
liability of a director or officer of this corporation relating to acts or omissions occurring prior to
such repeal or modification.

CANRPORTBL\PALIB2\RBC\1385781.1
The foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by the board
of directors.

The foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by the
required vote of shareholders in accordance with Section 902 of the California Corporations Code. The
total number of outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation is 500,000 shares of Common
Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required.
The percentage vote required was more than 50% of the outstanding stock.

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California
that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of their own knowledge.

Date: March 3, 2000
Palo Alto, CA

Alexandér’ASseily, President

HS. Kom

Hosain Rahman, Secretary

1377350
