80655381 Or
FILED

1 the office of the Secretary of Sta
Fe pg OS] of the State of California

JAN 23 .05°
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

OF SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF

ALL COVERED, INC.
a California corporation

The undersigned, Timothy Mott and Kevin Laughlin, hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the duly elected Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, respectively, of All
Covered. Inc., a California corporation (the “Company").

TWO: That Section B 4(dXiXA)(1) of Article {II of the Seventh Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation of the Company is amended in its entirety to read as foliows:

“(1) With respect to any issuance (including a deemed issuance
pursuant to subsection 4(d)(iXE) below) by the Company of Additional
Stock occurring during the one year period foliowing january 23, 2007
(the “Purchase Date”), the Conversion Price of the Series A-1 Preferred
Stock shal! be reduced, concurrently with such issuance, to a price equal to
the consideration per share received by the Company for such shares of
Additional Stock so :ssued; and”

THREE: The foregoing amendment to the Seventh Amended and Restmed Anticles of
Incorporation has been duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

FOUR: The foregoing amendment was duly approved by the holders of the requisite number
of shares of said corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California General
Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote with respect
to the foregoing amendment was [2,929,949 shares of Common Stock and 3,660,834 shares of
Series A-] Preferred Stock. The munter of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment
equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage votes required were (a) a majority of the
voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company; (b) a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series A-1 Preferrt.: Stock, voting separately as a class; and (c) a majority of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting separately as a class.
The undersigned further certify under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that they have read the foregoing amendment to the Seventh Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation and know the contents thereof, and that the statements therein are true and

correct of their own knowledye.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate of Amendment of Seventh Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation has been executed by the Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the

Company this 23 day of January, 2007.
a Mott, Chief Executive Officer

1

Kevin Laughlin, Secretary

36713442 By
