A0640544
BI FILED “YS

2 Office of the Secretary of Sia
* Of the State of California

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION FFB 2 1 2006
OF

ALLBUSINESS.COM, INC.

The undersigned, Peter Horan and Richard D. Harroch, hereby certify that:

l, They are the daly elected and acting CEO and Sccrctary, respectively, of AllBusiness.com.
Inc.. a California corporation.

2. The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amerded
and restated to read in full as follows:

ARTIC_E I
The name of this corporation is AilBusiness.com, Inc. (the “Corporation”.
ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may
be organized under the general corporation law of California other than the banking business, the trust
company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be incorporated by the Califomia Corporations
Code.

ARTICLE Ill

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, “Common
Stock” and “‘Treferred Stock.” The total namber of shares which the Corporation is authcrized to issue is
seventy five million eight hundred ten thousand (75,810,000) shares, each with a par value of $0.001 per share.
Fifty million (50,060,000) shares shall be Common Stock and twenty five million eight hundred ten thousand
(25,810,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock The Preferred Stock authorized by this Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation (the ‘‘Regtated Articles”) may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The
first series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of two million
(2,000,000) shares. The second series of Preferred Stock shall be designated ‘‘Ssries B Preferred Stock” and
shall consist of ten million (10,000,000) shares. The third series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series
C Preferred Stock” and shall consist of thirteer. million eight hundred ten thousand (13,810,000) shares.

ARTICLE lV

The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed upon the Common Stock
and the Preferred Stock are as set forth below:

l. Dividead Provisions.

(a) Preferred Stock. The holders of shares cf Series A Preferred Stock, Series
B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shali be entitled to receive dividends, on a part pavst basis, out
cf any funds and assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any
aividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the
holder thereof to receive, direcily or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation,
provided that an adjustment to the respective Canversion Price (as defined below) of cach serics of Preferred
Stock has been made in accordance with Section 4(d){ii) below) on the Corporation’s Common Stack, at the
rate of (i) in the case of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.04 per share per annum {as proportionately adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the Jike that may occur after the date cf filing of these
Restated Articles), (ii) in the casc of Serics B Preferred Stock, $0.04 per share per annum (as proportionatcly
adjusted for stock splits. stock dividends, reclassiiicalion and the like that may occur after the date of filing of
these Restated Articles) and (iti) in tne case of Serics C Preferred Stock, $0.07272 per share per annum (as
proporiionatcly adjusted fer stock splits. stock dividends. reclassification and the like that may occur after the
date of filing of these Restated Articles). Such dividends shall be payable when, as and if declared by the
Board of Directere sf ine Corporation, and shall not be cumulative.

(b) Additional Dividends. After payment of the dividends described in
Section |(a), any additional dividends declared or paid in any fiscal year shall be declared or paid among the
holders of Preferred Stuch and Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock then
held by cach holder (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

2. Liguidation. In the event of any Liquidation Transcction (as defiu.-d below), the
funds and assets Icgally available for distnbution to the shareholders of the Corporation (thi “Available
Assets’) shai. be distributed as follows:

(a) Preferred Stock Preference. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall be ontitled to receive, on a pari passu basis, prior

and in preference to any distribution of any of the Available Assets to the holders of Common Stock by reason
of their ownership thereof, an aaiount equal to (i) in the cese of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.50 per share (as
proportionately adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like that may occur after the
datc of filing of these Restated Articles) plus declared and unpaid dividends (the “Series A Preference”), (ii) in
the case of Series B Preferred Stock, $0.50 per share (as proportionatcly adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassifications or the like that may occur after the date of filing of these Restated Articles) plus
declared and unpaid dividends (the “Senes B Preference’) and (iii) in the case of Series C Preferred Stock,
$0.909 per share (as proportionately adjusted for stack splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like that
may occur after the date of filing of these Restated Articles) plus declared and unpaid dividends (the ‘Series C
Prefereacc’’). If, upon the occurrence of such event, the Available Assets arc insufficient to permit the entire
payment of the Series A Preference, Series B Preference and Series C Preference, then the entire Available
Assets shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential
amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Asscts. Following the payment of the Scrics A Preference, the
Scrics B Preference and the Series C Preference to the holders of Preferred Stock in accordance with
Section 2(a) above, the remaining Available Assets shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Common
Stock based on the number of shares of Common Stoc:. held by each such holder.

(c) Certain Acauisitions.

(i) Liquidation Tramsactiop. For purposcs of this Section 2, a
‘Liquidation Trangaction” shall include (A) the closing of the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the Corporation’s assets, (B) the consummatioa of the merger or consolidation of the
Corporation with or into another entity (except a merger or consolidation in which the holders of capital stock
of the Corporation immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue io hold at least 50% of the
voting power of the capital stock of the Corporation or the surviving or acquiring entity on account of shares of
the Corporation’s capital stock they owned prior to such merger or consolidation), (C) the closing of the
transfer or sale (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise), in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons (other than an underwriter of the Corporation’s
securities), of the Corporation's securitics if, after such closing such person or group of affiliated persons
would hold more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation (or the surviving or acquiring
entity), or (D) a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation; provided however, that neither a

1g
transaction whose sole purpose is to chanye the state of the Corporation’s incorporation nor the sale of shares
ot Series C Preferred Stock it. an equity financing transaction shall constitute a Liquidation Transaction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction that would otherwise constitute a Liquidation Transaction shall
not be deemed to be a Liquidation Transaction in the event that the holders of (Y) a majority of the outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation (voting together as a single class and on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis) and (Z) a majority of the outstanding shares of Scries C Preferred Stock waive such
treatment with respect to all holders of capital stock of the Corporation.

(it) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a Liquidation
Transaction as described in Section 2(c)(i) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation is other than
cash, its valuc will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(Aj Secuntics not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marre cbility:

Q) If traded on a securities exchange or Tne Nasdaq
Stock Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of tlic
closing prices of the securities on such exchange or sysicm over the
thirty (30) trading-day period ending three (3) trading days prior to
the closing of the Liquidation Transaction;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall
be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices
(whichever is applicable) over the thirty (30) trading-day psriod
ending three (3) trading days prior to the closing of the Liquidation
Transaction; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value shall
be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good Faith by the
Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(ili) Notice of Liguidation Transaction. The Corpcration shall give
cach holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation Transaction not later
than 20 days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such Liquidaion Transaction, or 20 days
prior to the closing of such Liquidation Transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in
writing of the final approval of such Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the
material terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2,
and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. Unless such
notice requirements are waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall not take place sooner than 10 days after the
Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has
given notice of any material changes provided for herein. Notwithstanding the other provisions of these
Restated Articles, all notice periods or requirements in these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived.
either before or after the action for which notice is required, upon the written ccnsent of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights.

(iv) Effect of Nencompliance. In the event the requirements of this

Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing of the Liquidation
Transaction to be postponed until the requiremeats of this Section 2 have been complied with, or cancel such

-3-
Liqudation Transaction, in which event the nghts, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the holders of
Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing
immediately pnor to the date of the first notice - cferred to in Section 2(c){ni).

3. Redemption. The: referred Stock is not redecmable
4 Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stack shall have coviversion rights a: foliows

(the “Conversion Rignis”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), cach share of Preferred Stock
stall be convertible, at the option of the holder thercof, at any time afler the date of issuance of such share, at
ihe office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and
noaassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing (i) $0.50 in the case of the Series A
Preferred Stock, (ii) $0.50) in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock and (iii) $€.909 in the case of the Series
C Preferred Stock, by the Conversion Price applicable to such share (the “Conversion Price’), determined as
hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial Conversion
Price per share shall be (x) $0.50 for shares of Series A Preferred Stock. (y) $0.50 for shares of Scrics B
Preferred Stock and (z) $0.909 for shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Such initial Conversion Price shall be
subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d) and (f) telow.

(b) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Serics B Preferred Stock
shall autematically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in effect for
such share immediately upon the eariier of (A) except as provided below in Section 4(c), the Corporation’s
sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration
statement under the Sucurities Act of 1933, as amended (the “‘Securities Act”), which results in aggregatc cash
proceeds to the Corporation of at Icast $25,000,000 (net of underwriting discounts and commissions) and
having a price per share of at Icast $4.545 (as proportionately adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like that may occur after the date of filing of these Restated Articles) (a “Qualified
IPO”), or (B) on the date specified by writt2n consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferrec Stock and Series B Preferred Stock (voting together as a singic class
and on an as-converted basis).

(ii) Each share of Serics C Preferred Stock shall automatically be
canverted intc shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share
immediately upon the carlicr of (A) except as provided below in Section 4(c), a Qualified [PO, or (B) on the
date specified by written consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock.

(c) Mechanics of Conversien. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shail be
entitled to convert such Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, the holder shal! surrender the certificate
or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer ugent for such scrics
of Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice lo the Corporation at its principal corporate office. of the
clection to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock are to be issued: provided, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue
certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless ‘either the
certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as
provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost,
stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement and provides, if requested by the Coxporation, a bond
satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with
such certificates. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable therea‘ter, issue and deliver at such office to
such holder of Preferred Scock, or tc the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for
the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall 5¢ entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion
shall bic deemed to have been made im-nediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of
the shares of such series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or
holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in connection with an
undenvrilten public offering of securities registered pursuant to the Sccurities Azt the conversion mav, at the
option of any holder tendcring such Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the
underwriters of the sale of sccuntics pursuant lo such offering, in which cvent any persons entitled to receive
Commen Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred
Stock until immediately prior to the clesing of such sale cf securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock fur Certain Dilutive
Issuunces, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of cach scries of Preferred Stock shall be subject
to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Issuance of Additional Stick helow Purchase Price. Ii the
Corporation should issue, or shall be deemed to issuc, at any time after the date upon which the first share of

Serics C Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date” with respect to all series of Preferred Stock),
any Additional Stock (as defied below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the
Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such
Additional Stock, the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in cffect immediately prior to each
such issuance shall automatically be adjusted as sct forth in this Section 4(d)(i).

(A) Adjustment Formula. Whenever the Conversion Price is
adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new Conversion Price shall be determined by multiplying the
Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares
Outstanding Common (defined below) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregaic
consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would parchase at such Conversion Price; and (y)
uxe denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common plus the number of shares of
such Additional Steck. For purposes of the foregoing calculation, the term ‘(Outstanding Cominon” shall
include (1) outstanding shares of Common Stock, (2) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upoa conversion of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and (3) the aggregate maximum
nuntber of sharcs of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E) below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For purposes of this
Section 4(d)(i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or deemed to have been
issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase Date other than:

() Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in
Section 4(dXii) hereof:

(2) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d){iXE)) to
employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation directly or
pursuant (o a stock option plan or restricted stock plan approved by
the Board of Directors, provided, however, that such issuance or
deemed issuance is primarily for purposes other than raising capital;

(3) Capital stock, or options or warrants to purchasc
capital stock, issued to financial institutions or Icssors in connection
with commercial credit arrangements, equipment financings,
commercial property Icase transactions or similar transactions
approved by the Board of Directors;

(4) Capital stock, or warrants or options to purchase
capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions.
mergers or similar transactions, the terms of which are approved by
the Board of Directors:

(5) Capital stock, or warrants or options to purchase
capilal stock, issued to an cntity as a component of any business
relationship with such entity primarily for the purpose of (A) joint
venture, technology licensing or development activities or (B)
distribution, supply or manufacture of the Corporation's products or
services, provided, however, that such issuance is primarily for
purposcs other than raisiag capital, the terms of which business
relationship with such entity arc approved by the Board of

Directors;

(6) Securities issuable upon exercise of currently
outstanding warrants, notes, or other rights to acquire securities of
the Corporation;

(7) Shares of Canunon Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion +! hs Preferred Stock, including Preferred Stock issued
upon the exercise or conversion of outstanding options, warrants or
other rights;

(8) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section ‘'(d)(i){E)) as a
result of a decrease in the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock
resulting from the operation of Section 4(d); or

(9) Shares of Common Stock issued in a Qualified
IPO.

(C) No Fractional Adivstments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share,
provided that any adjustments which are nct required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried
forward and shall be taken into account in amy subsequent adjustment made.

(D) j { Copsi ion. In the case of the
issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor
before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the
Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of
the issuance of the Common Stock for a cousideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration
other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors
irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(FE) Decmed issuances of Common Stock. In the casc of the
issuance (whether before, on or after the Purchase Date) of securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the
holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (the “Common Stock
Equivalents”), the following provisions shall apply for all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):
(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, cxchanye or exercise
(assuming the satisfaction of anv conditions to convertibility,
exchangeability’ or exercisability, including, without limitation, the
passage of time, but without taking into account potential
antidilution adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and
subsequenl conversion, exchange or exercise thereof shall be
deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued
or such Common Stock Equivalents were issued aad for a
consideration cqual to the consideration. if any, reccived by the
Corporation for any such securitics and related Common Stock
Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrucd
interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum  additicnal
consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Cormmon Stock
Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Section 4(d)(i)(D)).

(2) In the event of any change in the number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the
Corporation upon conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common
Stock Equivalents, other than a change resulting from the
antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of any scrics of
Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed
using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be rccomputed to
reflect such change, but not to a Conversion Price that is greater
than the Conversion Price that would have applied had such
Common Stock Equivalents not been issued, and no further
adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock
or any payment of such consideration upon the conversion,
exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common
Stock Equivalents, the Conversion Price of any serics of Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such
Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the
issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and
Common Stock Equivalents that remain convertible, exchangeable
or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, cxchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalcrts.

(4) The number of shares of Common Stock deemed
issucd and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to
Section 4(d{i)(E)(1) shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any
change, termination or expiration of the type described in either

Section 4(d}{iXE)(2) or 4(d}{iX E)(3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding any
other provisions of this Scction (4)(d)(i), except to the limited extent provided for in Sections 4(d)(i)(E(2) and
4(d)(1)(EX3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4(di) shall have the effect of
increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

-7-
(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation should at
any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date-for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Steck entitled to reccive a
dividend or other distribution pavable in additional shares of Common Stock or Cominon Stock Equivalents
without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the
Commen Stock Equivaients (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or
exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if
no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased
sa that the number of shares of Conimon Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
increased in proportion to such mercase of the agercgatc number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and
those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect
to Common Stock Equivalents determined from time to lime in the manner provided for deemed issuances in
Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for each series of
Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of cach share of such scrics shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(iv) Waiver_of Adj nt_to Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
anything herein to vie contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any scrics of Preferred
Stock may be waived by the consent or vote of the holders of the majority of the outstanding shares of such
scrics cither before or after the issuance causing the adjustment.

(e) Other Distributions. In the cvent the Corporation shall declare a
distribution pavable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or
other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) er options or rights not referred to in Scction 4(d){i) or
4(d)(ii), then, in cach such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the holders of Prefe:ved Stock shall be
entitled to a proponionate share of any such distribution as though they were the holders of the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as af the
record date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to reccive
such distribution.

(H Recapitalizations. If at any time or from lime to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merges or sale of assets
transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall be made so that the holders
of the Series A, Series B and Series C Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of
such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or praperty of the Corporation or
otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustmem shall be madc in the application of the provisions of
this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the
end that the provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upcn conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and
be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) No j i i ts.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of any
share or shares of the Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be
rounded down to the nearest whole siiare. The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shall be
determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting
into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion. If

-B-
the conversion would result in any fractional share, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any such fractional
share, pay the holder thereof an amount in cash cqual to the fair market value of such fractional share on the
dae of conversion, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) Upon the occurrence of cach adjustment or readjustment of the
Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its expense,
shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjusunent in accordance with the terms hercof and prepare and
furnish to each holder of such scrics of Pretesr:d Stock a certificate sctting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, upon the written request al anv time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such helder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the
Conversion Price fur such series of Preferred Stock at the time in cffect. and (C) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property whick at the time would be received upon the
conversion of a share of such scries of Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by che Corporation of a
reccad of the holders of any class of securitics for the purpose of determining the helders thereof who are
entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or otis distribution, any right to subscribe for,
purchase or otherwise acquire ary shares of stock of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive
any other right, the Corporation shall mail] to each holder of Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the datc
specified therein, a notice specifying the date cn which any such record is to be takea for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or nght.

(i) Reservetien of Stock Jssuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at
all limes reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the
purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of each series of Preferred Stock. such number of its shares of
Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of
such series of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Cominon
Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of such scrics of Preferred
Stock, in addition tc such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such scrics of Preferred Stock,
the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to inercas¢
its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock tu such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such
purposes, including, without Jimitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval of
any necessary amendment to these Restated Articles.

gj Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to be given
tc the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be decmed given if deposited in the United States mail,
postage prepaid, and addressed to cach holder of record at his address appearing on the books of the
Corporation.

5. Voting Rights.

(a) General. Exccpi as expressly provided by this Restated Articles cr as
provided by law, the holders of Preferred Stock shail have the same voting rights as the holders of Common
Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the
Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock and the Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on
all matters. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share af Common Stock held.
and each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock could be converted. Fractional votes shall not,
however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating all
shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the
nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

-9.
(b) Election of Dircctors At cach clection of directors, (i) the holders of
Serics C Prefeired Stock, voting as a separate class. snall be entitled to clect onc (1) member of the
Corporation's Board of Directors, (ii) the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors, (iii) the holders of Conuron
Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors and (iv) any additional members of the Corporation’s Bcard of Directors shall be elected by the
holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock. voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis.
Subject to Section 302, Section 303 and Section 304 of the California Corporations Crde, any director who

office, either for or without cause, by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of such specified group, given at a special meeting of such sharcholders duly called or by an action by
written consent for that purpose. Any vacancy in the Board of Directors caused by the removal, resignation or
death of any such director who shall have been elected by a specified group of shareholders +; tivt declaration
by the Board of Directors that the office of such director is vacant because such director has been declared of
unsound mind by a court or convicted of a felony may be filled by, and only by, the vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares of such specified group given at a special mecting of such sharcholders or by an action
by unanimous written consent.

(c) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law. there
shall be no series voting.

6. Protective Provisions.

(a) So long as any shares of Preferred Stock arc outstanding, the Corporation
shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or othernvise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or
written consent, as provided by Inw) of the holders of a majority of the then ourstanding shares of Preferred
Stock, voting as a single class and on an as-converted basis:

() create or issuc (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or
- ries of shares having a preference over, or being on a parity with, the Preferred Stock with respect to voting,
dividends, or upon liquidation;

(2) effect a Liquidation Transaction;

3) amend or modify any stock option or purchase plan to change the
number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation authorized for issuance thercunder;

(4) increase or decrease the number of Directors of the Board of
Directors;

(5) sell any matenal assets of the Corporation which may include any
matcrial intellectual property rights of the Corporation;

(6) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set funds
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Common Stock, or declare or pay any
dividend on or make any distribution on the account of any shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock;
provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from
employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation or any
subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the Corporation has the uption to repurchase such shares at cost
upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the exercise of any
right of first refusal:

-10-
(7) effect anv material charg2 in the nature of the Corporation's
business:

(8) amend these Restated Arucles or the Bylaws of the Corporation in a
manner thal adversely affects the rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred Stock: or

(9) increase or decrease the culhorized number of shares of Common
Stock or Preferred Stock.

(b) So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the
Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consclidalion or otherwise) without first obtaining the approval
(by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at feast a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:

(1) increase or decrease the authorized number ef shares of Series A
Preferred Stock; or

(2) amend these Restated Articles or the Bylaws or the Corporation in a
manner that adversely affects the rights, preferences or privileges of tne Series A Preferred Stock.

{c) So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock arc outstanding, the
Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or othenvisc) without first obtaining the approval
(by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:

() increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Series B
Prefurred Stock: or

(2) amend these Restated Articles or the Bylaws of the Corporalion in a
manner that adversely affects the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series B Preferred Stock.

(d) So long as any shares of Series © Preferred Stock are outstanding, the
Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidauon or otherwise) without first obtaining the approval
(by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:

(1) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock; or

(2) amend these Restated Articles or the Bylaws of the Corporatior. in a
manner that adversely affects the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series C Preferred Stock.

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and shall not be issuable b;:
the Corporation.

8. Common Stock.
(a) Dividend Rights. Subject to the rights of holders of all classes of stock at

the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends and subject to Scction 6(a), the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive. when and as declared by the Board of Directors, oul of any assets of the
Corporation iegally available therefor, such dividends as may: be declared from time to time by the Board of
Directors.
(b) Liquidation Rights. Upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction. the
assets of the Corporation shall b2 distributed as provided in Section 2.

(c) Redempuon, The Common Stock is nat redeemable.

(d) Vating Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vole per share of Common Stock. shall be entitled to netice of ar, shareholders’ meeting in accordance with
the bylaws of the Corporation and shall be entitled to votc upon such matters and in such manner as may be
provided by Jaw. Voting with respect to the election of members of the Corporation's Board of Directors shall
be as sct forth in Section 5(b)

ARTICLE V

The holders of the Preferred Stock expressly waive their rights, if any, as described in California
Corporations Code Sections 502 and 303 as they reiate to repurchase of shares upon termination of
employment.

ARTICLE VI

(a) Limitation of Liahility. The liability of the directors of the Corporation for
monctary damages shali be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law. The Corporation
is also authorized, to the fullest extent permissible under California law, to indemnify its agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Codc), whether by bylaw, agreement or otherwise, for breach of
duty to the Corporation and its sharcholders in excess of that expressly permitted by Section 317 and to
advance defense expenses to its agents in connection with such matters as they are incurred. If, after the
cffective date of this Article, California law is amended in a manner which permits a corporation to limit the
monetary or other liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification of, or advancement of such defense
expenses to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to a grcater cxtent than is permitted on such
effective datc, the references in this Article to “Califomia law’ shall to that extent be decmed to refer to
California law as s0 amended.

(b) Repeyl_ or Modification. Any repeal or modification of the forcgoing
provisions of this Aricle V shall not adversely affect any right of indemnification or limitation of liability of
an agent of the Corporation relating .o acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

RRR

-]2-
3 The foregoing amendment and restarcment of the Corporation's Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by the Corporation’s Board of Directors.

4 The amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation herein set forth has
been duly approved by the required vutz of the shareholders of the Comoration in accordance with Section 902
of the California Corporations Code. There are 4.500,000 shares af Common Stock, 2,000,000 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and 10,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding and entitled to votc on
this amendmeat, Approval of (i) more than 50% of the outstanding shares af Common Stock. (ii) more thao
50% of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (iii) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of
Senes B Preferred Stock, each voting as a separats class, was required to pass the foregoing amendment and
restatement, The number of shares vuling in favor of the amendment and restatement equaled or exceeded the
vote zequired.

laws of the State of California that
own knowledge.

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under
the matters set: forth in the foregoing cerdficatc arc true and correct to

Executed at San Bruno, California, on Febru

-13-
