State of Delaware
_ Secre of State
Division of Co rations
Delivered 06:22 PM 10/22/2007
FILED 06:17 PM 10/22/2007
SRV 071141308 - 3766364 FILE

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF
ALLOZYNE, INC.

(Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)

Allozyne, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the provisions of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “General Corporation Law’),

DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

1. That the name of this corporation is Allozyne, Inc., and that this corporation was
originally incorporated pursuant to the General Corporation Law on March 19, 2004. A certificate of
amendment to the original certificate of incorporation of this corporation was filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware on August 26, 2005. A Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 11, 2005 and a Certificate of Amendment was
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 19, 2007.

2. This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by the
directors of this corporation and was approved was approved by the holders of the requisite number of
shares of this corporation in accordance with Section 228 of the General Corporation Law.

3. Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law, this Second Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of this
corporation’s original certificate of incorporation, as amended and restated to the date of this filing.

4, The text of this corporation’s certificate of incorporation, as heretofore amended, restated
or supplemented, is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

“FIRST. The name of this corporation is Allozyne, Inc. (the “Corporation”).

SECOND. The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 160
Greentree Drive, Suite 101, in the City of Dover, County of Kent. The name of its registered agent at
such address is National Registered Agents, Inc.

THIRD. The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any
lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law.

FOURTH. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is (i) 55,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (“Common
Stock”), and (ii) 36,801,499 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (‘Preferred Stock”).

The following is a statement of the designations and the powers, privileges and rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect of each class of capital stock of the
Corporation.
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 2 of 26

A. COMMON STOCK

1. General. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Common Stock
are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of the holders of the Preferred Stock set
forth herein.

2. Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share of
Common Stock held at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of meetings); provided,
however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock, as such. shall not be
entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms of
one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either
separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the
Certificate of Incorporation or pursuant to the General Corporation Law. There shall be no cumulative
voting. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not
below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by (in addition to any vote of the holders of one or
more series of Preferred Stock that may be required by the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation) the
affirmative vote of the holders of shares of capital stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the
votes represented by all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective
of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law.

B. PREFERRED STOCK

Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such series to
consist of such number of shares and to have such terms, rights, powers and preferences, and the
qualifications and limitations with respect thereto, as stated or expressed herein. Any shares of Preferred
Stock that may be redeemed, purchased or acquired by the Corporation may be reissued except as
otherwise provided by law or by the terms of any series of Preferred Stock.

6,801,499 shares of the Preferred Stock are hereby designated as “Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock” (the “Series A Preferred Stock’’). 18,000,000 shares of the Preferred Stock are hereby designated
as “Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock” (the “Series B-| Preferred Stock’’) and 12,000.000 shares of
the Preferred Stock are hereby designated as “Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock” (the ‘Series B-2
Preferred Stock”; and together with the Series B-] Preferred Stock, the “Series B Preferred Stock’’), each
of which shall have the following rights, preferences, powers. privileges and restrictions, qualifications
and limitations. Unless otherwise indicated, references to “Section’’ or “Sections” in this Part B of this
Article FOURTH refer to section and sections of Part B of this Article FOURTH.

l. Dividends.

1.1 Series A_Accruing Dividend. From and after the date of the issuance of any
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, dividends at the rate per annum of $0.06 per share shall accrue on
such shares of Series A Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock
dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares) (the ‘Series A
Accruing Dividends”). The Series A Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day. whether or not
declared, shall be cumulative and non-compounding: provided, however, that except as set forth in this
Section 1.1 or in Sections 2 and 6, the Corporation shall (x) be under no obligation to pay such Series A
Accruing Dividends and (y) only pay such dividends out of funds legally available therefor. Except as
otherwise provided in this Section 1, the Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on
shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation (other than dividends on shares of
Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in addition to the obtaining of any consents

Second Amended and Restated Certiticate of Incorporation-Page 3 of 26

required elsewhere in the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation) the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock then outstanding shall first receive. or simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding share
of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount at least equal to the greater of (i) the amount of the aggregate
Series A Accruing Dividends then accrued on such share of Series A Preferred Stock and not previously
paid and (ii) (A) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that is convertible into
Common Stock. that dividend per share of Series A Preferred Stock as would equal the product of (1) the
dividend payable on each share of such class or series determined, if applicable, as if all shares of such
class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record
date for determination of holders entitled to receive such dividend or (B) in the case of a dividend on any
class or series that is not convertible into Common Stock, at a rate per share of Series A Preferred Stock
determined by (1) dividing the amount of the dividend payable on each share of such class or series of
capital stock by the original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization
affecting such shares) and (2) multiplying such fraction by an amount equal to the Series A Original Issue
Price (as defined below); provided that, if the Corporation declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a
dividend on shares of more than one class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, the dividend
payable to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 1.1 shall be calculated based
upon the dividend on the class or series of capital stock that would result in the highest Series A Preferred
Stock dividend. The “Series A Original Issue Price” shal! mean $1.00 per share. subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split. combination or other similar recapitalization
with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock.

1.2 Series B-1 Accruing Dividend. From and after the date of the issuance of any
shares of Series B-! Preferred Stock. dividends at the rate per annum of $0.06 per share shall accrue on
such shares of Series B-| Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock
dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares) (the “Series B-1
Accruing Dividends”). The Series B-! Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not
declared, shall be cumulative and non-compounding: provided. however, that except as set forth in this
Section 1.2 or in Sections 2 and 6, the Corporation shall (x) be under no obligation to pay such Series B-1!
Accruing Dividends and (y) only pay such dividends out of funds legally available therefor. Except as
otherwise provided in this Section |. the Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on
shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation (other than dividends on shares of
Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in addition to the obtaining of any consents
required elsewhere in the Corporation's certificate of incorporation) the holders of the Series B-|
Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a dividend on each
outstanding share of Series B-| Preferred Stock in an amount at least equal to the greater of (i) the amount
of the aggregate Series B-! Accruing Dividends then accrued on such share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock
and not previously paid and (ii) (A) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that
is convertible into Common Stock, that dividend per share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock as would equal
the product of (1) the dividend payable on each share of such class or series determined, if applicable, as
if all shares of such class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (2) the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, in each case
calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled to receive such dividend or (B) in the
case of a dividend on any class or series that is not convertible into Common Stock, at a rate per share of
Series B-1 Preferred Stock determined by (1) dividing the amount of the dividend payable on each share
of such class or series of capital stock by the original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock
(subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other
similar recapitalization affecting such shares) and (2) multiplying such fraction by an amount equal to the
Series B-I Original Issue Price (as defined below); provided that. if the Corporation declares, pays or sets
aside. on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one class or series of capital stock of the

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 4 of 26

Corporation. the dividend payable to the holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section
1.2 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the class or series of capita] stock that would result in
the highest Series B-1 Preferred Stock dividend. The “Series B-1 Original Issue Price” shall mean $1.00
per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or
other similar recapitalization with respect to the Series B-1 Preferred Stock.

1.3 Series B-2 Accruing Dividend. From and after the date of the issuance of any
shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, dividends at the rate per annum of either (x) $0.066 per share, if the
Series B-2 Original Issue Price is $1.10 per share. or (y) $0.06 per share, if the Series B-2 Original Issue
Price is $1.00 per share, in each case, as determined pursuant to the last sentence of this Section 1.3 shall
accrue on such shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any
stock dividend, stock split. combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares) (the
“Series B-2 Accruing Dividends”). The Series B-2 Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day,
whether or not declared, shall be cumulative and non-compounding; provided, however, that except as set
forth in this Section 1.3 or in Sections 2 and 6, the Corporation shall (x) be under no obligation to pay
such Series B-2 Accruing Dividends and (y) only pay such dividends out of funds legally available
therefor. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 1, the Corporation shall not declare, pay or set
aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation (other than
dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in addition to the
obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Corporation's certificate of incorporation) the holders
of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a
dividend on each outstanding share of Series B-2 Preferred Stock in an amount at least equal to the
greater of (i) the amount of the aggregate Series B-2 Accruing Dividends then accrued on such share of
Series B-2 Preferred Stock and not previously paid and (ii) (A) in the case of a dividend on Common
Stock or any class or series that is convertible into Common Stock, that dividend per share of Series B-2
Preferred Stock as would equal the product of (1) the dividend payable on each share of such class or
series determined, if applicable, as if all shares of such class or series had been converted into Common
Stock and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series B-2
Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled to receive
such dividend or (B) in the case of a dividend on any class or series that is not convertible into Common
Stock. at a rate per share of Series B-2 Preferred Stock determined by (1) dividing the amount of the
dividend payable on each share of such class or series of capital stock by the original issuance price of
such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend,
stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares) and (2) multiplying such
fraction by an amount equal to the Series B-2 Original Issue Price (as defined below); provided that, if the
Corporation declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one class or
series of capital stock of the Corporation, the dividend payable to the holders of Series B-2 Preferred
Stock pursuant to this Section 1.3 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the class or series of
capital stock that would result in the highest Series B-2 Preferred Stock dividend. The “Series B-2
Original Issue Price” shall mean either (A) $1.10 per share if the Corporation achieves the Milestone
Events (as defined in that certain Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. dated as of
October 22, 2007, by and among the Corporation and the other parties thereto (as originally executed and
as the same has been or may be amended. modified, supplemented or restated from time to time in
accordance with its terms the “Purchase Agreement”)) on or prior to March 31, 2009 or (B) $1.00 per
share if the Corporation fails to achieve the Milestone Events on or prior to March 31, 2009, but the
Majority Interest (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) waives such failure, in each case, subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization with respect to the Series B-2 Preferred Stock.

2, Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up: Certain Mergers, Consolidations and Asset
Sales.

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 5 of 26

2.1.1 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to its stockholders (on a pari passu basis with the holders of Series B-! Preferred Stock and
Series B-2 Preferred Stock). and before any payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock or
any other class or series of capital stock ranking on liquidation junior to the Series A Preferred Stock by
reason of their ownership thereof. an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) the Series A Original Issue
Price plus {ii) any Series A Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or not declared.
together with any other dividends declared but unpaid thereon. If upon any such liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the full amount
to which they shall be entitled under this Section 2.1.1. the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the
assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable
in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to
such shares were paid in full.

2.1.2 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the holders of shares of Series B-1
Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available
for distribution to its stockholders (on a pari passu basis with the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B-2 Preferred Stock). and before any payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock or
any other class or series of capital stock ranking on liquidation junior to the Series B-| Preferred Stock by
reason of their ownership thereof. an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) the Series B-] Original
Issue Price plus (ii) any Series B-! Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or not
declared, together with any other dividends declared but unpaid thereon. If upon any such liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock the full
amount to which they shall be entitled under this Section 2.1.2. the holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, Series B-1] Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of
the assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be
payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with
respect to such shares were paid in full.

2.1.3. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event. the holders of shares of Series B-2
Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available
for distribution to its stockholders (on a pari passu basis with the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B-] Preferred Stock), and before any payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock or
any other class or series of capital stock ranking on liquidation junior to the Series B-2 Preferred Stock by
reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) the Series B-2 Original
Issue Price plus (i1) any Series B-2 Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or not
declared, together with any other dividends declared but unpaid thereon. If upon any such liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders shal] be insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock the full
amount to which they shall be entitled under this Section 2.1.3, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, Series B-] Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of
the assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be
payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with
respect to such shares were paid in full.
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 6 of 26

2.2 Distribution of Remaining Assets. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, after the payment
of all preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Serics
B-1 Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock. the remaining assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of the shares of Senes A Preferred
Stock, Series B-| Preferred Stock, Series B-2 Preferred Stock and Common Stock, pro rata based on the
number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such secuntties as if they had been
converted to Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation
immediately prior to such dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation. The aggregate
amount which a holder of a share of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive under Sections 2.1.1
and 2.2 is hereinafter referred to as the “Series A Liquidation Amount,” the aggregate amount which a
holder of a share of Series B-! Preferred Stock is entitled to receive under Sections 2.1.2 and 2.2 is
hereinafter referred to as the “Series B-1 Liquidation Amount” and the aggregate amount which a holder
of a share of Series B-2 Preferred Stock is entitled to receive under Sections 2.1.3 and 2.2 is hereinafter
referred to as the “Series B-2 Liquidation Amount.”

2.3 Deemed Liquidation Events.

2.3.1. Definition. Each of the following events shall be considered a “Deemed
Liquidation Event” unless the holders of at 75% of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock (voting or consenting, as the case may be,
together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) elect otherwise by written notice
sent to the Corporation at least five (5) days prior to the effective date of any such event:

(a) a merger or consolidation in which
(1) the Corporation is a constituent party, or

(11) a subsidiary of the Corporation is a constituent party and
the Corporation issues shares of its capital stock
pursuant to such merger or consolidation,

except any such merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or a subsidiary in which the shares of
capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue
to represent, or are converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock that represent, immediately
following such merger or consolidation, at least a majority, by voting power, of the capital stock of (1) the
surviving or resulting corporation or (2) if the surviving or resulting corporation is a wholly owned
subsidiary of another corporation immediately following such merger or consolidation, the parent
corporation of such surviving or resulting corporation (provided that, for the purpose of this Section 2.3.1,
all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options (as defined below) outstanding
immediately prior to such merger or consolidation or upon conversion of Convertible Securities (as
defined below) outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation shall be deemed to be
outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation and, if applicable, converted or exchanged
in such merger or consolidation on the same terms as the actual outstanding shares of Common Stock are
converted or exchanged); or

(b) the sale. lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition, in
a single transaction or series of related transactions, by the Corporation or any subsidiary of the
Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,
or the sale or disposition (whether by merger or otherwise) of one or more subsidiaries of the Corporation
if substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole are held by such
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 7 of 26

subsidiary or subsidiaries, except where such sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition is
to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation.

2.3.2 Effecting a Deemed Liquidation Event.

(a) The Corporation shall not have the power to effect a Deemed
Liquidation Event referred to in Section 2.3.1(a)(i) above unless the agreement or plan of merger or
consolidation for such transaction (the “Merger Agreement”) provides that the consideration payable to
the stockholders of the Corporation shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the
Corporation in accordance with Sections 2.1 and 2.2 above.

(b) In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event referred to in
Section 2.3.1(a)(ii) or 2.3.1(b) above, if the Corporation does not effect a dissolution of the Corporation
under the General Corporation Law within 90 days after such Deemed Liquidation Event, then (i) the
Corporation shall send a written notice to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred
Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock no later than the 90” day afler the Deemed Liquidation Event
advising such holders of their right (and the requirements to be met to secure such right) pursuant to the
terms of Section 2.3.3(b)(i1) to require the redemption of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series
B-1 Preferred Stock and Senes B-2 Preferred Stock, and (ii) if the holders of 75% of the then outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-1] Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock (voting or
consenting, as the case may be, together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) so
request in a written instrument delivered to the Corporation not later than 120 days after such Deemed
Liquidation Event, the Corporation shall use the consideration received by the Corporation for such
Deemed Liquidation Event (net of any retained liabilities associated with the assets sold or technology
licensed, as determined in good faith by the Corporation's Board of Directors (the “Board of Directors’’))
(the “Net Proceeds’), to the extent legally available therefor, on the 150" day after such Deemed
Liquidation Event, to redeem all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred
Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock at a price per share equal to the Series A Liquidation Amount, the
Series B-1 Liquidation Amount and Series B-2 Liquidation Amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in
the event of a redemption pursuant to the preceding sentence, if the Net Proceeds are not sufficient to
redeem all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series B-2
Preferred Stock, or if the Corporation does not have sufficient lawfully available funds to effect such
redemption, the Corporation shall redeem a pro rata portion of each holder’s shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock to the fullest extent of such Net
Proceeds or such lawfully available funds, as the case may be, based on the respective amounts which
would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares to be redeemed if the legally available funds were
sufficient to redeem all such shares. and shal! redeem the remaining shares to have been redeemed as soon
as practicable after the Corporation has funds legally available therefore. The provisions of Sections 6.2
through 6.4 below shall apply, with such necessary changes in the details thereof as are necessitated by
the context, to the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series B-2
Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 2.3.2(b). Prior to the distribution or redemption provided for in
this Section 2.3.2(b). the Corporation shal] not expend or dissipate the consideration received for such
Deemed Liquidation Event, except to discharge expenses incurred in connection with such Deemed
Liquidation Event or in the ordinary course of business.

2.3.3. Amount Deemed Paid or Distributed. The amount deemed paid or
distributed to the holders of capital stock of the Corporation upon any such merger, consolidation, sale,
transfer. exclusive license, other disposition or redemption shall be the cash or the value of the property,
rights or securities paid or distributed to such holders by the Corporation or the acquiring person, firm or
other entity. The value of such property, rights or securities shall be determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors.
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 8 of 26

3. Voting.

3.1 General. On any matter presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their
action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (or by written consent of
stockholders in lieu of meeting). each holder of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of
Preferred Stock held by such holder are convertible as of the record date for determining stockholders
entitled to vote on such matter. Except as provided by law or by the other provisions of the Corporation’s
certificate of incorporation, holders of Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common
Stock as a single class.

3.2 Election of Directors. The holders of record of the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of the Corporation
(each a “Series A Director” and collectively the “Series A Directors”), the holders of record of the shares
of Series B Preferred Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors
of the Corporation (each a “Series B Director” and collectively the “Series B Directors”), and the holders
of record of the shares of Common Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one
(1) director of the Corporation. Any director elected as provided in the preceding sentence may be
removed without cause by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of the class or
series of capital stock entitled to elect such director or directors, given either at a special meeting of such
stockholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a written consent of stockholders. The holders of
record of the shares of Common Stock and of any other class or series of voting stock (including the
Preferred Stock), exclusively and voting together as a single class. shall be entitled to elect the balance of
the total number of directors of the Corporation. At any meeting held for the purpose of electing a
director, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the
class or series entitled to elect such director shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of electing such
director. A vacancy in any directorship filled by the holders of any class or series shall be filled only by
vote or written consent in lieu of a meeting of the holders of such class or series or by any remaining
director or directors elected by the holders of such class or series pursuant to this Section 3.2.

3.3 Stock Protective Provisions. At any time when shares of Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Corporation shall not. either directly or indirectly by amendment, merger, consolidation
or otherwise. do any of the following without (in addition to any other vote required by law or the
Corporation’s certificate of incorporation) the written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of 75% of
the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or
voting, as the case may be, together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis

(a) liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the business and affairs of the
Corporation, effect any Deemed Liquidation Event, or consent to any of the foregoing:

(b) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Corporation’s
certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Corporation in a manner that adversely affects the powers,
preferences or rights of the Preferred Stock;

(c) (i) create, or authorize the creation of, or issue or obligate itself
to issue shares of. any additional class or series of capital stock unless the same ranks junior to the
Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, the payment of dividends and redemption rights or (ii) increase the authorized number of
shares of Preferred Stock;
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 9 of 26

(d) purchase or redeem (or permit any subsidiary of the Corporation
to purchase or redeem) or pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution on. any shares of capital
stock of the Corporation other than (i) redemptions of or dividends or distributions on the Preferred Stock
as expressly authorized herein, (ii) dividends or other distributions payable on the Common Stock solely
in the form of additional shares of Common Stock, (ili) repurchases of stock from former employees,
officers, directors, consultants or other persons who performed services for the Corporation or any
subsidiary in connection with the cessation of such employment or service at the lower of the original
purchase price or the then-current fair market value thereof, (iv) pursuant to any existing agreement
approved by the Board of Directors or (v) as approved by the Board of Directors. and such approval must
include the affirmative vote or consent, as the case may be, of one (1) Series A Director and one (1)

Series B Director (such affirmative vote or consent is referred to as the “Preferred Director Approval’’):
or

(e) create. or authorize the creation of, or issue, or authorize the
issuance of any debt security, or permit any subsidiary to take any such action with respect to any debt
security, unless such debt security has received the prior approval of the Board of Directors (which such
approval must include the Preferred Director Approval).

4. Optional Conversion.

The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion
Rights”):

4.1 Right to Convert.

4.1.1 Conversion Ratios.

(a) Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without the payment of additional
consideration by the holder thereof. into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock as is determined by dividing the Series A Original Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price (as
defined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The “Series A Conversion Price” shall initially be
equal to $1.00. Such initial Series A Conversion Price. and the rate at which shares of Series A Preferred
Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided below.

(b) Each share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without the payment of additional
consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock as is determined by dividing the Series B-1] Original Issue Price by the Series B-1 Conversion Price
(as defined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The “Series B-| Conversion Price” shall initially
be equal to $1.00. Such initial Series B-! Conversion Price, and the rate at which shares of Series B-1
Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as
provided below.

(c) Each share of Series B-2 Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without the payment of additional
consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock as is determined by dividing the Series B-2 Original Issue Price by the Series B-2 Conversion Price
(as defined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The “Series B-2 Conversion Price” shall initially
be equal to either (i) $1.10 per share if the Corporation achieves the Milestone Events, as defined in the
Purchase Agreement, on or prior to March 3]. 2009 or (11) $1.00 per share if the Corporation fails to
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 10 of 26

achieve the Milestone Events on or prior to March 31, 2009, but the Majority Interest, as defined in the
Purchase Agreement, waives such failure. Such initial Series B-2 Conversion Price, and the rate at which
shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to
adjustment as provided below.

(d) For purposes hereof, the term “Applicable Conversion Price”
shall refer to the Series A Conversion Price, the Series B-1 Conversion Price and the Series B-2
Conversion Price, as applicable, and the term “Applicable Conversion Prices” shall mean Series A
Conversion Price, the Series B-1 Conversion Price and the Series B-2 Conversion Price collectively.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the
Corporation's certificate of incorporation. for the avoidance of doubt, the adjustments contemplated by
this Section 4.4 shall only apply to shares of Preferred Stock that are issued and outstanding as of the date
on which Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined below) are issued or deemed issued, all as
determined by Section 4.4.

4.1.2 Termination of Conversion Rights. In the event of a notice of

redemption of any shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6, the Conversion Rights of the shares
designated for redemption shall terminate at the close of business on the last full day preceding the date
fixed for redemption, unless the redemption price is not fully paid on such redemption date, in which case
the Conversion Rights for such shares shall continue until such price is paid in full. In the event of a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or a Deemed Liquidation Event, the Conversion
Rights shall terminate at the close of business on the last full day preceding the date fixed for the payment
of any such amounts distributable on such event to the holders of Preferred Stock.

4.2 Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder would otherwise be
entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of a
share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. Whether or not fractional
shares would be issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-! Preferred Stock and/or Series B-2 Preferred Stock, as the
case may be. the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion.

43 Mechanics of Conversion.

4.3.1 Notice of Conversion. In order for a holder of Series A Preferred: Stock,
Series B-] Preferred Stock and/or Series B-2 Preferred Stock to voluntarily convert any such shares into
shares of Common Stock. such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates for such shares (or, if
such registered holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate
affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against
any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of
such certificate), at the office of the transfer agent for the series of such shares (or at the principal office
of the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent), together with written notice that
such holder elects to convert all or any number of such shares represented by such certificate or
certificates and, if applicable, any event on which such conversion is contingent. Such notice shall state
such holder's name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or
certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. If required by the Corporation, certificates
surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of
transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or his, her or its
attorney duly authorized in writing. The close of business on the date of receipt by the transfer agent (or
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 11 of 26

by the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) of such certificates (or lost
certificate affidavit and agreement) and notice shall be the time of conversion (the “Conversion Time”),
and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares represented by such certificate
shall be deemed to be outstanding of record as of such date. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
after the Conversion Time. issue and deliver to such holder of such shares, or to such holder's nominees,
a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
in accordance with the provisions hereof, a certificate for the number (if any) of the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock. Series B-! Preferred Stock and/or Series B-2 Preferred Stock, as the case may be,
represented by the surrendered certificate that were not converted into Common Stock, and cash as
provided in Section 4.2 in lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such
conversion and payment of any declared but unpaid dividends (but not any undeclared Accruing
Dividends) on the shares of Preferred Stock so converted.

4.3.2 Reservation of Shares. The Corporation shall at all times when the
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock, as the case may be,
shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued capital stock, for the
purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and/or
Series B-2 Preferred Stock, as applicable, such number of its duly authorized shares of Common Stock as
shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B-| Preferred Stock and/or Series B-2 Preferred Stock, as applicable; and if at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-| Preferred Stock and/or Series B-2
Preferred Stock. as the case may be, the Corporation shall take such corporate action as may be necessary
to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall] be
sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite
stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation.
Before taking any action which would cause an adjustment reducing the Applicable Conversion Price
below the then par value of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B-| Preferred Stock or Series B-2 Preferred Stock, as applicable, the Corporation
will take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the
Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at such
adjusted Applicable Conversion Price.

4.3.3 Effect of Conversion. All shares of Preferred Stock which shall have
been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all
rights with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at the Conversion Time, except
only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and to
receive payment of any dividends declared but unpaid thereon (but not any undeclared Accruing
Dividends). Any shares of Preferred Stock so converted shall be retired and cancelled and may not be
reissued as shares of such series, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without
the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of such
series of Preferred Stock accordingly.

4.3.4 No Further Adjustment. Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the
Applicable Conversion Price shall be made for any declared but unpaid dividends on the Preferred Stock
surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon conversion.

4.3.5 Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other similar
taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon
conversion of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4. The Corporation shall not, however,
be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 12 of 26

delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Preferred Stock so
converted were registered, and no such issuance or delivery shall be made unless and until the person or
entity requesting such issuance has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established,
to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

4.4 Adjustments to Applicable Conversion Prices for Diluting Issues.

4.4.1 Special Definitions. For purposes of this Article FOURTH. the
following definitions shall apply:

(a) “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for,
purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

{b) “Series B Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which the
first share of Series B-| Preferred Stock was issued.

(c) “Convertible Securities’ shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness. shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, but excluding Options.

(d) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean al] shares of
Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 4.4.3 below, deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after
the Series B Original Issue Date, other than the following shares of Common Stock, and shares of
Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to the following Options and Convertible Secuntties (collectively

“Exempted Secunties”):

(i) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock;

(ii) shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities issued or issuable as a dividend or distribution
on any shares of Preferred Stock;

(ili) shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities issued or issuable by reason of a dividend,
stock split, split-up or other distribution on shares of
Common Stock that is covered by Sections 4.5, 4.6, 4.7
or 4.8;

(iv) up to 7,237,292 shares of Common Stock or Options
(subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any
stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization affecting shares of Common Stock)
issued or issuable to employees or directors of, or
consultants or advisors to, the Corporation or any of its
subsidiaries pursuant to a plan, agreement or
arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (which
such approval must include the Preferred Director
Approval);
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 13 of 26

(v)

(vi)

(vii)

(viii)

(ix)

(x)

(xi)

shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
actually issued or issuable upon the exercise of Options
or shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the
conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities, in
each case provided such issuance is pursuant to the
terms of such Option or Convertible Security;

shares of Common Stock. Options or Convertible
Securities issued or issuable to banks, equipment lessors
or other financial institutions, or to real property lessors.
pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing or real
property leasing transaction approved by the Board of
Directors (which such approval must include the
Preferred Director Approval):

shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities issued or issuable in connection with
sponsored research, collaboration, technology license,
development. OEM, marketing or other similar
agreements or strategic partnerships approved by the
Board of Directors (which such approval must include
the Preferred Director Approval);

shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to
that certain License Agreement between the Corporation
and California Institute of Technology dated on or about
October |], 2005 (as originally executed and as the same
has been or may be amended, modified, supplemented or
restated from time to time in accordance with its terms);

shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued or issuable to Alexandria Finance LLC (or an
affiliate thereof) issued in connection with certain
equipment leasing arrangements;

shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities
issued or issuable pursuant to that certain License
Agreement between the Corporation and Sigma-Aldrich
dated on or about September 25, 2007 (as originally
executed and as the same has been or may be amended,
modified, supplemented or restated from time to time in
accordance with its terms); and

shares of Common Stock and Convertible Secunties
issued or issuable in connection that certain Convertible
Promissory Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement
dated as of April 19, 2007 among the Corporation and
the other parties thereto (as onginally executed and as
the same has been or may be amended, modified,
supplemented or restated from time to time in
accordance with its terms).
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 14 of 26

4.4.2 No Adjustment of the Applicable Conversion Prices.

(a) No adjustment in the Series A Conversion Price shall be made as
the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if the Corporation
receives written notice from the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock agreeing that no such adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of
such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(b) No adjustment in the Series B-] Conversion Price shall be made
as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if the
Corporation receives written notice from the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Series B-1 Preferred Stock agreeing that no such adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or
deemed issuance of such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(c) No adjustment in the Series B-2 Conversion Price shall be made
as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if the
Corporation receives written notice from the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Series B-2 Preferred Stock agreeing that no such adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or
deemed issuance of such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

4.4.3. Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(a) If the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the
Series B Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities (excluding Options or
Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities) or shall fix a record date for the
determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible
Securities. then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instrument relating
thereto, assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to exercisability, convertibility or exchangeability but
without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable
upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of
Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as
of the close of business on such record date.

(b) If the terms of any Option or Convertible Security, the issuance
of which resulted in an adjustment to an Applicable Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Section
4.4.4 below, are revised as a result of an amendment to such terms or if any other adjustment is made
pursuant to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding automatic adjustments to
such terms pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security) to
provide for either (1) any increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase
or decrease in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or
exchange. then. effective upon such increase or decrease becoming effective, the Applicable Conversion
Price computed upon the original issue of such Option or Convertible Security (or upon the occurrence of
a record date with respect thereto) shall be readjusted to such Applicable Conversion Price as would have
obtained had such revised terms been in effect upon the original date of issuance of such Option or
Convertible Secunty. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no readjustment pursuant to this Section 4.4.3(b)
shall have the effect of increasing an Applicable Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower
of (i) the Applicable Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the original adjustment made as a
result of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security. or (ii) the Applicable Conversion Price that
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 15 of 26

would have resulted from any issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock (other than deemed
issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock as a result of the issuance of such Option or
Convertible Security) between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(c) If the terms of any Option or Convertible Security (excluding
Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities), the issuance of which did
not result in an adjustment to an Applicable Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Section 4.4.4
below (either because the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section 4.4.5 hereof) of the
Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto was equal to or greater than the Applicable
Conversion Price then in effect, or because such Option or Convertible Security was issued before the
Series B Original Issue Date), are revised after the Series B Original Issue Date as a result of an
amendment to such terms or any other adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or
Convertible Security (but excluding automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution or
similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase or
decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of
any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase or decrease in the consideration payable to
the Corporation upon such exercise. conversion or exchange. then such Option or Convertible Security, as
so amended or adjusted, and the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto (determined in the
manner provided in Section 4.4.3(a) above) shall be deemed to have been issued effective upon such
increase or decrease becoming effective.

(d) Upon the expiration or termination of any unexercised Option or
unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Security (or portion thereof) which resulted (either upon its
original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Applicable Conversion Price
pursuant to the terms of Section 4.4.4 below, the Applicable Conversion Price shall be readjusted to such
Applicable Conversion Price as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible Security (or portion
thereof) never been issued.

(e) If the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or the consideration payable
to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, is calculable at the time such Option
or Convertible Security is issued or amended but is subject to adjustment based upon subsequent events,
any adjustment to the Applicable Conversion Price provided for in this Section 4.4.3 shall be effected at
the time of such issuance or amendment based on such number of shares or amount of consideration
without regard to any provisions for subsequent adjustments (and any subsequent adjustments shall be
treated as provided in Sections 4.4.3(b) and 4.4.3(c). If the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or the
consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, cannot be
calculated at all at the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or amended, any adjustment to
the Applicable Conversion Price that would result under the terms of this Section 4.4.3 at the time of such
issuance or amendment shall instead be effected at the time such number of shares and/or amount of
consideration is first calculable (even if subject to subsequent adjustments), assuming for purposes of
calculating such adjustment to the Applicable Conversion Price that such issuance or amendment took
place at the time such calculation can first be made.

4.4.4 Adjustment_of Applicable Conversion Prices Upon Issuance _of
Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Series B

Original Issue Date issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common
Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 4.4.3), without consideration or for a consideration per
share less than an Applicable Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issue, then such
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 16 of 26

Applicable Conversion Price shall be reduced. concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the
nearest one-hundredth of a cent) determined in accordance with the following formula:

CP, =CP, * (A+B)+(A+C)
For purposes of the foregoing formula. the following definitions shall apply:

(a) “CP;” shall mean an Applicable Conversion Price in effect
immediately after such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock;

(b) “CP, shall mean an Applicable Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock:

(c) “A” shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock (treating for this
purpose as outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options outstanding
immediately prior to such issue or upon conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities (including the
Preferred Stock) outstanding (assuming exercise of any outstanding Options therefor) immediately prior
to such issue):

(d) “B” shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock that
would have been issued if such Additional Shares of Common Stock had been issued at a price per share
equal to CP, (determined by dividing the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation in respect
of such issue by CP,): and

(e) “C” shall mean the number of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock issued in such transaction.

4.4.5 Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 4.4, the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common Stock shall
be computed as follows:

(a) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(1) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation,
excluding amounts paid or payable for accrued interest;

(ii) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of
such issue. as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors; and

(iii) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are
issued together with other shares or securities or other
assets of the Corporation for consideration which covers
both. be the proportion of such consideration so
received, computed as provided in clauses (i) and (ii)
above. as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 17 of 26

(b) Options and Convertible Secunties. The consideration per share
received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued
pursuant to Section 4.4.3, relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing:

(i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the
Corporation as consideration for the issue of such
Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set
forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard
to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such consideration) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities,
or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and
the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, by

(ii) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as
set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without
regard to any provision contained therein for a
subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon
the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case
of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of
such Options for Convertible Securities and the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

4.4.6 Multiple Closing Dates. In the event the Corporation shall issue on more
than one date Additional Shares of Common Stock that are a part of one transaction or a series of related
transactions and that would result in an adjustment to an Applicable Conversion Price pursuant to the
terms of Section 4.4.4 above, and such issuance dates occur within a period of no more than 90 days from
the first such issuance to the final such issuance, then, upon the final such issuance, such Applicable
Conversion Price shall be readjusted to give effect to all such issuances as if they occurred on the date of
the first such issuance (and without giving effect to any additional adjustments as a result of any such
subsequent issuances within such period).

4.5 Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation shall at any
time or from time to time after the Series B Original Issue Date effect a subdivision of the outstanding

Common Stock, the Applicable Conversion Prices in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be
proportionately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each
share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase in the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Series B
Original Issue Date combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Applicable Conversion Prices
in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately increased so that the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in
proportion to such decrease in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Any
adjustment under this subsection shal! become effective at the close of business on the date the
subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 18 of 26

46 Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Series B Original Issue Date shall make or issue, or
fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable on the Common Stock in additional shares of Common Stock, then and in each
such event the Applicable Conversion Prices in effect immediately before such event shall be decreased
as of the time of such issuance or. in the event such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of
business on such record date, by multiplying each Applicable Conversion Price then in effect by a
fraction:

(1) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
time of such issuance or the close of business on such record
date, and

(2) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
time of such issuance or the close of business on such record
date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in
payment of such dividend or distribution.

Notwithstanding the foregoing. (a) if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Applicable Conversion Prices
shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the
Applicable Conversion Prices shall be adjusted pursuant to this subsection as of the time of actual
payment of such dividends or distributions; and (b) that no such adjustment shall be made if the holders
of Preferred Stock simultaneously receive a dividend or other distribution of shares of Common Stock in
a number equal to the number of shares of Common Stock as they would have received if al] outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

4.7 Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event the Corporation
at any time or from time to time after the Series B Original Issue Date shall make or issue, or fix a record
date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other
distribution payable in securities of the Corporation (other than a distribution of shares of Common Stock
in respect of outstanding shares of Common Stock) or in other property and the provisions of Section | do
not apply to such dividend or distribution, then and in each such event the holders of Preferred Stock shall
receive, simultaneously with the distribution to the holders of Common Stock, a dividend or other
distribution of such securities or other property in an amount equal to the amount of such securities or
other property as they would have received if all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock had been
converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

4.8 Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization, etc. Subject to the provisions of
Section 2.3, if there shall occur any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or

merger involving the Corporation in which the Common Stock (but not the Preferred Stock) is converted
into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property (other than a transaction covered by Sections 4.4,
4.6 or 4.7), then, following any such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or
merger, each share of Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible in lieu of the Common Stock into
which it was convertible prior to such event into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property
which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation issuable upon conversion of
one share of Preferred Stock immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
consolidation or merger would have been entitled to receive pursuant to such transaction; and, in such
case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) shall be made in the
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page |9 of 26

application of the provisions in this Section 4 with respect to the rights and interests thereafter of the
holders of the Preferred Stock, to the end that the provisions set forth in this Section 4 (including
provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the Applicable Conversion Prices) shall
thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to any securities or other property
thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

4.9 Certificate _as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of an Applicable Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense
shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable but in any event not later than 30 days thereafter, compute
such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of the
shares of Preferred Stock so effected a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment (including
the kind and amount of securities. cash or other property into which the effected Preferred Stock is
convertible) and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the written request at any time of any
holder of Preferred Stock (but in any event not later than 30 days thereafter), furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Applicable Conversion Price then in effect, and
(ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities, cash or property
which then would be received upon the conversion of such effected Preferred Stock.

4.10 Notice of Record Date. In the event:

(a) the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of its Common
Stock (or other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock) for
the purpose of entitling or enabling them to receive any dividend or other distribution, or to receive any
right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or any other securities, or to
receive any other security; or

(b) of any capital reorganization of the Corporation, any
reclassification of the Common Stock of the Corporation, or any Deemed Liquidation Event; or

(c) of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up of the Corporation,

then, and in each such case, the Corporation will send or cause to be sent to the holders of the Preferred
Stock a notice specifying, as the case may be. {i) the record date for such dividend, distribution or right,
and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, or (ii) the effective date on which
such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-
up is proposed to take place, and the time, if any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of
Common Stock (or such other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon the conversion of the
Preferred Stock) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such other capital stock
or securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation. merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, and the amount per share and
character of such exchange applicable to the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock. Such notice shall
be sent at least five (5) days prior to the record date or effective date for the event specified in such notice.

5. Mandatory Conversion.

5.1 Trigger Events. Upon either (a) the date and time, or the occurrence of an event.
specified by vote or written consent of the holders of 75% of the then outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock (voting or consenting, as the case may be, together as a single class on an as-converted to Common
Stock basis) or (b) the closing of the sale of shares of Common Stock to the public in a firm-commitment
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 20 of 26

underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended; provided that the price of the Common Stock is at least $3.00 per share (subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization affecting such shares) and such offering results in at least $40,000,000 of gross proceeds,
net of the underwriting discount and commissions. to the Corporation (the time of such closing or the date
and time specified or the time of the event specified in such vote or written consent is referred to herein as
the “Mandatory Conversion Time”), then (i) all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall automatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock, at the then effective conversion rate and (ii) such shares may
not be reissued by the Corporation.

5.2 Procedural Requirements. All holders of record of shares of Preferred Stock
shall be sent written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Time and the place designated for mandatory
conversion of all such shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5. Such notice need not be sent
in advance of the occurrence of the Mandatory Conversion Time. Upon receipt of such notice, each
holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall surrender such holder’s certificate or certificates for all such
shares (or, if such holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate
affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against
any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of
such certificate) to the Corporation at the place designated in such notice, and shall thereafter receive
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled pursuant to this
Section 5. At the Mandatory Conversion Time, all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed
to have been converted into shares of Common Stock, which shall be deemed to be outstanding of record,
and all rights with respect to the Preferred Stock so converted, including the rights, if any, to receive
notices and vote (other than as a holder of Common Stock). will terminate, except only the rights of the
holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and
agreement) therefor, to receive the items provided for in the last sentence of this Section 5.2. If so
required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by
written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the
registered holder or by his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. As soon as practicable after the
Mandatory Conversion Time and the surrender of the certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit
and agreement) for Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to such holder, or to such
holder’s nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on
such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof, together with cash as provided in Section 4.2 in
lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion and the
payment of any declared but unpaid dividends (but not any undeclared Accruing Dividends) on the shares
of Preferred Stock converted.

5.3 Effect of Mandatory Conversion. All shares of Preferred Stock shall, from and
after the Mandatory Conversion Time, no longer be deemed to be outstanding and, notwithstanding the
failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender the certificates for such shares on or prior to such
time, all rights with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at the Mandatory
Conversion Time, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in
exchange therefor and to receive payment of any dividends declared but unpaid thereon. Such converted
shares of Preferred Stock shall be retired and cancelled and may not be reissued as shares of such series,
and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action)
as may be necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock accordingly.

5A. Special Mandatory Conversion.

SA.1 Trigger Event. In the event that any holder of shares of Series B-1 Preferred
Stock that is a party to the Purchase Agreement does not participate in the Second Closing (as defined in
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 21 of 26

the Purchase Agreement) by purchasing the number of shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock such holder
agreed to purchase under the Purchase Agreement at the Second Closing, then each share of Series B-1
Preferred Stock held by such holder shall automatically, and without any further action on the part of such
holder, be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Series B-1 Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to the consummation of the Second Closing, effective upon, subject to, and
concurrently with, the consummation of the Second Closing. Such conversion is referred to as a ‘Special
Mandatory Conversion”.

5A.2 Procedural Requirements. Upon a Special Mandatory Conversion, each holder of
shares of Series B-! Preferred Stock converted pursuant to Section 5A.1 shall surrender such holder’s
certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if such holder alleges that such certificate has been lost,
stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the
alleged loss. theft or destruction of such certificate) to the Corporation at the place designated in such
notice, and shall thereafter receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder is entitled pursuant to this Section 5A. All rights with respect to the Series B-| Preferred Stock
converted pursuant to Section 5A.1, including the rights, if any, to receive notices and vote (other than as
a holder of Common Stock), will terminate, except only the rights of the holders thereof, upon surrender
of their certificate or certificates therefor (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement), to receive the items
provided for in the last sentence of this Section 5A.2. If so required by the Corporation, certificates
surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or instruments of
transfer. in form satisfactory to the Corporation. duly executed by the registered holder or by his, her or
its attomey duly authorized in writing. As soon as practicable after the Special Mandatory Conversion
and the surrender of the certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) for Series B-
| Preferred Stock so converted, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to such holder, or to such holder’s
nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such
conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof, together with cash as provided in Section 4.2 in lieu
of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion and the payment of
any declared but unpaid dividends (but not any undeclared Accruing Dividends) on the shares of Series
B-1 Preferred Stock converted.

5A.3. Effect_of Special Mandatory Conversion. All shares of Series B-1 Preferred
Stock subject to the Special Mandatory Conversion shall, from and after the time of the Special
Mandatory Conversion, no longer be deemed to be outstanding and, notwithstanding the failure of the
holder or holders thereof to surrender the certificates for such shares on or prior to such time, all rights
with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at the time of the Special Mandatory
Conversion. except only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange
therefor and to receive payment of any dividends declared but unpaid thereon. Such converted Series B-1
Preferred Stock shall be retired and cancelled and may not be reissued as shares of such series, and the
Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action) as may
be necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of Series B-! Preferred Stock accordingly.

6. Redemption.

6.1 Redemption. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and
Series B-2 Preferred Stock shall be redeemed by the Corporation out of funds lawfully available therefor
at a price equal to (A) with respect to each issued and outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock. the
Series A Original Issue Price, plus any Series A Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether
or not declared, together with any other dividends declared but unpaid thereon (the “Series A Redemption
Price”), (B) with respect to each issued and outstanding share of Series B-! Preferred Stock, the Series B-
| Original Issue Price. plus any Series B-! Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 22 of 26

not declared. together with any other dividends declared but unpaid thereon (the “Series B-1 Redemption
Price’) and (C) with respect to each issued and outstanding share of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, the Series
B-2 Original Issue Price, plus any Series B-2 Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or
not declared, together with any other dividends declared but unpaid thereon (the “Series B-2 Redemption
Price’; the Series A Redemption Price. the Series B-! Redemption Price and the Series B-2 Redemption
Price are sometimes collectively referred to as the “Applicable Redemption Price”), in three (3) annual
installments commencing 60 days after receipt by the Corporation at any time on or after the fifth
anniversary of the Series B Original Issue Date, from the holders of at least 75% of the then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock (voting or consenting. as the case may be. together as a single class on an as-
converted to Common Stock basis), of written notice requesting redemption of all shares of Preferred
Stock (the date of each such installment being referred to as a “Redemption Date”). On each Redemption
Date, the Corporation shall redeem, on a pro rata basis in accordance with the number of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock. Series B-1! Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock owned by each holder, (x)
with respect to Series A Preferred Stock, that number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
determined by dividing (i) the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such Redemption Date by (ii) the number of remaining Redemption Dates (including
the Redemption Date to which such calculation applies); (y) with respect to Series B-1 Preferred Stock,
that number of outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock determined by dividing (i) the total
number of shares of Series B-1] Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Redemption Date
by (ii) the number of remaining Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date to which such
calculation applies), and (z) with respect to Series B-2 Preferred Stock, that number of outstanding shares
of Series B-2 Preferred Stock determined by dividing (i) the total number of shares of Series B-2
Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Redemption Date by (ii) the number of remaining
Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). If the Corporation
does not have sufficient funds legally available to redeem on any Redemption Date all shares of Preferred
Stock to be redeemed on such Redemption Date. the Corporation shall redeem a pro rata portion of each
holder's redeemable shares of such capital stock out of funds legally available therefor. based on the
respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares to be redeemed if the
legally available funds were sufficient to redeem all such shares, and shall redeem the remaining shares to
have been redeemed as soon as practicable after the Corporation has funds legally available therefor.

6.2 Redemption Notice. Written notice of the mandatory redemption (the
‘Redemption Notice’’) shall be sent to each holder of record of Preferred Stock not less than 40 days prior
to each Redemption Date. Each Redemption Notice shall state:

(a) the number of shares of Preferred Stock held by the holder that
the Corporation shall redeem on the Redemption Date specified in the Redemption Notice;

(b) the Redemption Date and the Applicable Redemption Price;

(c) the date upon which the holder’s right to convert such shares
terminates (as determined in accordance with Section 4.1): and

(d) that the holder is to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner
and at the place designated, his, her or its certificate or certificates representing the shares of Preferred
Stock to be redeemed.

6.3 Surrender of Certificates; Payment. On or before the applicable Redemption
Date, each holder of shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such Redemption Date, unless such

holder has exercised such holder’s right to convert such shares as provided in Section 4, shall surrender
the certificate or certificates representing such shares (or, if such registered holder alleges that such
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 23 of 26

certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably
acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against
the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate) to the Corporation,
in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Applicable
Redemption Price for such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such
certificate or certificates as the owner thereof. In the event less than all of the shares of Preferred Stock
represented by a certificate are redeemed. a new certificate representing the unredeemed shares of such
Preferred Stock shall promptly be issued to such holder.

6.4 Rights Subsequent to Redemption. If the Redemption Notice shall have been
duly given, and if on the applicable Redemption Date the Applicable Redemption Price payable upon
redemption of the shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such Redemption Date is paid or tendered
for payment or deposited with an independent payment agent so as to be available therefor, then
notwithstanding that the certificates evidencing any of the shares of Preferred Stock so called for
redemption shall not have been surrendered. dividends with respect to such shares of Preferred Stock shall
cease to accrue after such Redemption Date and all rights with respect to such shares shall forthwith after
the Redemption Date terminate, except only the right of the holders to receive the Redemption Price
without interest upon surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor.

7. Redeemed or Otherwise Acquired Shares. Any shares of Preferred Stock which are
redeemed or otherwise acquired by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall be automatically and
immediately cancelled and retired and shall not be reissued, sold or transferred. Neither the Corporation
nor any of its subsidiaries may exercise any voting or other rights granted to the holders of Preferred
Stock following redemption.

8. Waiver. Any of the nghts, powers, preferences and other terms of the Preferred Stock set
forth herein may be waived on behalf of all holders of Preferred Stock by the affirmative written consent
or vote of the holders of at least 75% of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-1! Preferred Stock
and Series B-2 Preferred Stock then issued and outstanding. voting or consenting, as the case may be.
together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.

9. Notices. Any notice required or permitted by the provisions of this Article FOURTH to
be given to a holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to the post office
address last shown on the records of the Corporation. or given by electronic communication in
compliance with the provisions of the General Corporation Law, and shall be deemed sent upon such
mailing or electronic transmission. The Corporation's obligation to give any notice required by the
provisions of this Article FOURTH to a holder of shares of Preferred Stock may be waived on behalf of
all holders of Preferred Stock by the affirmative written consent or vote of the holders of at least 75% of
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B-] Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock then
issued and outstanding, voting or consenting. as the case may be, together as a single class on an as-
converted to Common Stock basis.

10. Rights of First Offer. Certain holders of Preferred Stock have the right to acquire certain
securities proposed to be issued by the Corporation under certain circumstances pursuant to and in
accordance with the terms and conditions of that certain Amended and Restated Investor Rights
Agreement dated as of October 22, 2007 by and among the Corporation and the other parties thereto (as
originally executed and as the same has been or may be amended. modified, supplemented or restated
from time to time in accordance with its terms).
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 24 of 26

FIFTH. Subject to any additional vote required by the Corporation's certificate of incorporation,
in furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly
authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or all of the bylaws of the Corporation.

SIXTH. Subject to any additional vote required by the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation,
the number of directors of the Corporation shall be determined in the manner set forth in the bylaws of the
Corporation.

SEVENTH. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the
Corporation shall so provide.

EIGHTH. Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the
bylaws of the Corporation may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept outside the State of
Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in
the bylaws of the Corporation.

NINTH. To the fullest extent permitted by law, a director of the Corporation shall not be
personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty
as a director. If the General Corporation Law or any other law of the State of Delaware is amended after
approval by the stockholders of this Article NINTH to authorize corporate action further eliminating or
limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be
eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law as so amended. Any
repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article NINTH by the stockholders of the
Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at
the time of, or increase the liability of any director of the Corporation with respect to any acts or
omissions of such director occurring prior to, such repeal or modification.

TENTH: The following indemnification provisions shall apply to the persons enumerated
below.

1. Right to Indemnification of Directors and Officers. The Corporation shall indemnify and
hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be
amended, any person (an “Indemnified Person”) who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party
or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative (a “Proceeding”. by reason of the fact that such person, or a person for whom such person is
the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of
the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director. officer, employee or
agent of another Corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, enterprise
or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss
suffered and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred by such Indemnified
Person in such Proceeding. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence. except as otherwise provided in
Section 3 of this Article TENTH, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify an Indemnified Person in
connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such Indemnified Person only if the
commencement of such Proceeding (or part thereof) by the Indemnified Person was authorized in advance
by the Board of Directors.

2. Prepayment _of Expenses of Directors and Officers. The Corporation shall pay the
expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by an Indemnified Person in defending any
Proceeding in advance of its final disposition: provided, however. that, to the extent required by law, such
payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt
of an undertaking by the Indemnified Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 25 of 26

determined that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article TENTH or
otherwise. TT

3. Claims by Directors and Officers. If a claim for indemnification or advancement of
expenses under this Article TENTH is not paid in full within 60 days after a written claim therefor by the
Indemnified Person has been received by the Corporation, the Indemnified Person may file suit to recover
the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the
expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving
that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses
under applicable law.

4. Indemnification of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may indemnify and advance
expenses to any person who was or is made or is threatened to be made or is otherwise involved in any
Proceeding by reason of the fact that such person, or a person for whom such person is the legal
representative, is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or, while an employee or agent of the
Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust. enterprise or
nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss
suffered and expenses (including attorney's fees) reasonably incurred by such person in connection with
such Proceeding. The ultimate determination of entitlement to indemnification of persons who are non-
director or officer employees or agents shall be made in such manner as is determined by the Board of
Directors in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the Corporation shall not be
required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person if the Proceeding
was not authorized in advance by the Board of Directors.

5. Advancement_of Expenses of Employees_and Agents. The Corporation may pay the
expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) incurred by an employee or agent in defending any

Proceeding in advance of its final disposition on such terms and conditions as may be determined by the
Board of Directors.

6. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Article TENTH
shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any
statute, provision of the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation, the Corporation's bylaws, agreement,
vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

7. Other Indemnification. The Corporation’s obligation, if any, to indemnify any person
who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer or employee of another Corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture, trust. organization or other enterprise shall be reduced by any
amount such person may collect as indemnification from such other Corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture, trust. organization or other enterprise.

8. Insurance. The Board of Directors may, to the full extent permitted by applicable law as
it presently exists, or may hereafter be amended from time to time, authorize an appropriate officer or
officers to purchase and maintain at the Corporation’s expense insurance: (a) to indemnify the
Corporation for any obligation which it incurs as a result of the indemnification of directors, officers and
employees under the provisions of this Article TENTH; and (b) to indemnify or insure directors, officers
and employees against liability in instances in which they may not otherwise be indemnified by the
Corporation under the provisions of this Article TENTH.

9. Amendment or Repeal. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article Tenth shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation-Page 26 of 26

act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. The rights provided hereunder
shall inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Person and such person’s heirs, executors and administrators.

ELEVENTH. In connection with repurchases by the Corporation of its Common Stock from
employees, officers, directors, advisors. consultants or other persons performing services for the
Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to
repurchase such shares at cost upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of
employment, Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code shall not apply in all or in part
with respect to such repurchases.

TWELFTH. Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this Corporation and
its creditors or any class of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or any class of
them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a
summary way of this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application of any
receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of Title 8 of the
Delaware Code or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed
for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code, order a meeting
of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this
Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs. If a majority
in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the
stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or
arrangement and to any reorganization of this Corporation as consequence of such compromise or
arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the
court to which the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors,
and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may be, and also
on this Corporation.

THIRTEENTH. The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained
in this certificate of incorporation. in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights
conferred upon a stockholder herein are granted subject to this reservation.”

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of

Incorporation has been executed by a duly authorized officer of this corporation on this 22nd day of
October, 2007.

By: /s/ Carl Weissman
President
