40714380

LOVAVA FILED

RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION __ Inthe office of the Secretary of State
OF ALTA ANALOG. INC. | of the State of California
“APR 28 201
L_-7

Rick Orlando hereby certifies that:

1, He is the President and the Secretary of Alta Analog, Inc, a California corporation (the
“Corporation”). , ;

2. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are hereby amended and restated in
full to read in their entirety as set forth in Exhibit A, attached hereto and incorporated by
reference as if fully set forth herein.

3, The attached Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

4. The attached Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved
by the shareholders of the Corporation in accordance with Section 902 and 903 of the California
General Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding Common shares of the Corporation
is three million seven hundred seventy eight thousand four hundred sixty seven (3,778,467), the
total number of outstanding Series A-1 Preferred shares of the Corporation is three million three
hundred ninety thousand (3,390,000), the total number of outstanding Series B-1 Preferred
shares of the Corporation is four million four hundred seven thousand two hundred forty three
(4,407,243), and the total number of outstanding Series C Preferred shares of the Corporation is
five million seven hundred forty two thousand fifty seven (5,742,057). The number of shares
approving the amendment equaled or exceeded that required. The percentage approval required
was more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Common shares voting as a separate class,
more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Series A-1 Preferred shares voting as a separate
class, more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Series B-1 Preferred shares voting as a
separate class, and more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Series C Preferred shares
voting as a separate class.

I further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the
matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of my own knowledge.

{REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Rx Date/Time APR-28-2011( THU) O8:e7 ; P. 00¢

Executed on April 2, 2011, at San Jose, California

—————

Rick Orlando .
President and Secretary
EXHIBIT A

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF

ALTA ANALOG, INC.

- ARTICLE I
The Corporation name is “ALTA ANALOG, INC.”
ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business, or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III -

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares, to be designated Common
shares and Preferred shares. The total number of shares which the Corporation is authorized to
issue is ninety seven million eight hundred eighty eight thousand eight hundred sixty eight
(97,888,868). The total number of Common shares that the Corporation is authorized to issue
forty million (40,000,000) shares. The total number of Preferred shares that the Corporation is
authorized to issue is fifty seven million eight hundred eighty eight thousand eight hundred sixty
eight (57,888,868) shares, of which three million three hundred ninety thousand (3,390,000)
Shares are designated Series A-) Preferred, three million three hundred ninety thousand
(3,390,000) shares are designated Series A-2 Preferred, four million five hundred fifty four
thousand four hundred thirty four (4,554,434) shares are designated Series B-1 Preferred, four
million five hundred fifty four thousand four hundred thirty four (4,554,434) shares are
designated Series B-2 Preferred, twenty one million (21,000,000) shares are designated Series C .
Preferred, and twenty one million (21,000,000) shares are designated Series C-1 Preferred.

ARTICLE IV

The relative powers, preferences, special rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions
granted to or imposed on the Preferred shares are as follows:

1, Dividend Preference.

a. The holders of Preferred shares shall be entitled in any fiscal year to
receive, On a pari passu basis, dividends when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of
any funds of the Corporation legally available for the payment of dividends, paid in cash at the
annual rate of $0.0144 per Series A-1 Preferred share, $0.018 per Series A-2 Preferred share,

1,
$0.0576 per Series B-1 Preferred share, $0.072 per Series B-2 Preferred share, $0.032 per Series
C Preferred share, and $0.041 per Series C-1 Preferred share (each appropriately adjusted for
combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits and the like with respect to such-shares),
before any dividend is paid on Common shares. This dividend may be payable quarterly or
otherwise as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. Dividends may be
declared and paid on Common shares in any fiscal year of the Corporation only if such dividends
shall have been paid to or declared and set apart on all Preferred shares.

b. The right to dividends on Preferred shares shall not be cumulative, and no
right shall accrue to the holders of Preferred shares by reason of the fact that dividends on those
shares are not declared in any prior year, nor shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or
accrue interest.

C. After payment of the preferential dividend to the holders of the Preferred
shares set forth above in a fiscal year, the holders of Common shares shal! be entitled to receive
dividends when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any funds of the Corporation
legally available for the payment of dividends; provided, however, that no dividend may be
declared and distributed with respect to Common shares at a rate greater than the rate at which
dividends are declared and distributed. with respect to Preferred, shares based on the number of
Common shares into which such Preferred shares are convertible on the date such dividend is
declared in the same fiscal year.

d. In the event that the Corporation shall have declared but unpaid cash
dividends outstanding immediately prior to, and in the event of, a conversion of Preferred shares
(as provided in Section 3), the Corporation shall, at the option of each holder, pay in cash to each
such holder of Preferred shares being converted the full amount of any such dividends or allow
such dividends to be converted into Common shares in accordance with, and pursuant to the
terms specified in, Section 3(a).

2. Liquidation Preferences.

a, In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up (“Liquidation”)
of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the proceeds, funds and assets of the
Corporation that may be legally distributed to the Corporation’ s shareholders (the “Proceeds”)
shall be distributed as follows:

i. The holders of Preferred shares, prior and in preference to any
distribution of Proceeds to the holders of Common shares by reason of their ownership thereof,
shall receive, on a pari-passu basis, dn amount equal to (i) $0.41 for each share of Series C
’ Preferred or Series C-1 Preferred then held by them (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications and the like), plus declared but unpaid dividends, (ii) $0.72 for each share of
Series B-1 Preferred or Series B-2 Preferred then held (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassifications and the like), plus declared but unpaid dividends and (iii) $0.18 for
each share of Series A-1 Preferred or Series A-2 Preferred then held (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reclassifications and the like), plus declared but unpaid dividends (the
“Preferred Liquidation Preference’). If, upon the occurrence of such Liquidation, the Proceeds
thus distributed among the holders of the Preferred shares shall be insufficient to permit the

2.
entire payment of the Preferred Liquidation Preference, then, the entire assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of
the Preferred shares in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise
entitled to receive.

ii. After the entire payment of the Preferred Liquidation Preference in
accordance with Section 2(a)(i) above, the remaining Proceeds shall be distributed ratably per
share to the holders of the Common shares and Preferred shares on an as-converted basis.

b. The sale, lease, assignment, or other disposition (including via exclusive
licenses) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and the acquisition of the
Corporation by means of a merger, consolidation, or reorganization of the Corporation with or
into any other entity or entities, or in a transaction or series of transactions in which the
Corporation’s shareholders immediately prior to such transaction(s) hold immediately after such
transaction(s) less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving corporation or its
parent, shall be deemed to be a Liquidation.

3. Conversion Rights With Anti-Dilution Provisions.

The holder of any Preferred shares shall have conversion rights as follows:

a. Right to Convert. Each Preferred share shall be convertible, at the option
of its holder, at any time after the issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any
transfer agent for the Preferred shares into that number of fully-paid and non-assessable

‘Common shares as is determined by dividing the Issuance Price for such Preferred shares by the

Conversion Price for such Preferred share in effect at the time of conversion (the “Conversion
Rate”). The Issuance Price shall be $0.18 for each share of Series A-] Preferred and Series A-2
Preferred, $0.72 for each share of Series B-1 Preferred and Series B-2 Preferred and $0.41 for
each share of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred (each as appropriately adjusted for
combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits and the like with respect to such shares),
The Conversion Price shall initially be $0.18 for each share of Series A-1 Preferred and Series
A-2 Preferred (the “Series A Conversion Price’’), $0.622 for each share of Series B-1 Preferred
and Series B-2 Preferred (the “Series B Conversion Price”) and $0.41 for each share of Series C
Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred (the “Series C Conversion Price”). The Conversion Prices
shall be subject to adjustment as provided below.

b. Automatic Conversion. The Preferred shares shall automatically be
converted into Common shares at the then effective Conversion Rate for the Preferred shares in
the event of: (i) the receipt by the Corporation of the affirmative vote at a duly noticed
shareholders meeting or pursuant to a duly solicited written consent of the holders of a majority
of the then outstanding Preferred shares (including holders of 60% of the outstanding Series C-1
Preferred), voting as a class on an as-converted basis, in favor of the conversion of all of the
Preferred shares; or (ii) upon the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
covering the offer and sale of Common shares for the account of the Corporation to the public at
a public offering price of at least two dollars ($2.00) per share (appropriately adjusted for
combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, stock splits or other similar transactions) and gross

3.
proceeds to the Corporation in excess of twenty million dollars ($20,000,000.00) (each of (i) and
(ii), an “Automatic Conversion”). In the event of an Automatic Conversion of the Preferred
shares upon a public offering as set forth in subsection (ii) above, the person or persons entitled
to receive Common shares issuable on conversion of Preferred shares shall not be deemed to
have converted those Preferred shares until immediately prior to the closing of the sale of such
securities.

c. Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional Common shares shall be issued
upon conversion of Preferred shares. All Common shares (including fractions thereof) issuable
upon conversion of more than one Preferred share by a holder of Preferred shares shal] be
aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the issuance of
any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the conversion would result in the
issuance of a fraction of a Common share, the Corporation shall pay, in lieu of issuing any
fractional shares to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, cash equal to that fraction
multiplied by the then-effective fair value for a Common share. Before any holder of Preferred
shares shal] be entitled to convert those shares into full Common shares and to receive
certificates for Common shares, the holder shall: (i) give written notice to the Corporation, at the
office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred shares, that he or she elects to
convert the same; and (ii) surrender the certificate or certificates for those Preferred shares, duly
endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred shares, or
notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that the certificates have been lost, stolen, or
destroyed, and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the
Corporation from any Joss incurred by it in connection with those certificates; provided,
however, that in the event of an Automatic Conversion, the outstanding Preferred shares shall be
converted automatically without any further action by the holders of those shares and whether or
not the certificates representing those shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent, and provided further that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the Common shares issuable upon such an Automatic Conversion unless the
certificates evidencing those Preferred shares are either delivered to the Corporation or its
transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that
the certificates have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, and executes an agreement reasonably
satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in
connection with those certificates. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such a
delivery, or the execution of such an agreement and indemnification in the case of a lost
certificate, issue and deliver at that office to that holder of Preferred shares a certificate or
certificates for the number of Common shares to which that holder is entitled, and a check
payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion
into fractional Common shares. The conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of the Preferred shares to be converted, or
in the case of Automatic Conversion, on the date of closing of the offering and the person or
persons entitled to receive the Common shares issuable upon conversion shall be treated for all
purposes as the record holder or holders of those Common shares on that date. In case any
Preferred shares shal] be converted pursuant to this Section 3 or Section 4 below, the shares so
converted shall be canceled and cannot be reissued as Preferred shares.

d. Adjustments to Conversion Price.
i, Adjustments for Dividends, Splits, Subdivisions,

Combinations, or Consolidation of Common Shares. In the event the outstanding Common
shares shall be increased by a stock dividend payable in Common shares (or other securities or
rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional
Common shares (“Common Shares Equivalents”)) without payment of any consideration for the
additional Common Shares or the Common Shares Equivalents, stock split, subdivision, or other
similar transaction occurring after the filing of these Articles of Incorporation, into a greater
number of Common shares, the Conversion Price then in effect for each series of Preferred
shares shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of that event, be decreased in proportion to the
percentage increase in the outstanding number of Common shares. In the event the outstanding
Common shares shall be decreased by reverse stock split, combination, consolidation, or other
similar transaction occurring after the filing of these Articles of Incorporation, into a lesser
number of Common shares, the Conversion Price then in effect for each series of Preferred
shares shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of that event, be increased in proportion to the
percentage decrease in the outstanding number of Common shares. _

ii, Adjustments for Other Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time, or from time to time, makes or fixes a record date for the determination

of holders of Common shares entitled to receive any distribution payable in securities of the
Corporation other than Common shares and other than as otherwise adjusted in this Article, then
and in each such event provision shall be made so that the holders of Preferred shares shall
receive upon conversion thereof, in addition to the number of Common shares receivable
thereupon, the amount of securities of the Corporation that they would have received had their
Preferred shares been converted into Common shares on the date of that event and had they
thereafter, during the period from the date of that event to and including the date of conversion,
retained those securities receivable by them during that period, subject to all other adjustments
called for during that period under this Article with respect to the rights of the holders of the
Preferred shares, oo

iil. Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution.

If the Common shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred shares shall be changed into the
same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for above), concurrently with the effectiveness of the reorganization or reclassification,
provision shall be made so that the holder of Preferred shares shal] thereafter be entitled to
receive upon conversion of such Preferred shares, in lieu of the number of Common shares that
the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of that other class
or classes of stock equivalent to the number of Common shares that would have been subject to
‘receipt by the holders upon conversion of their Preferred shares immediately before that change.

iv. Adjustments Upon Issuance of Additional Stock, In the event
the Corporation shall at any time after the Series C-1 Original Issue Date issue Additional Stock

(as defined below), without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series A

5.
Conversion Price, the Series B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issue, then the Series A Conversion Price, the Series B Conversion
Price or the Series C Conversion Price, as applicable, shall be reduced, concurrently with such
issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest one-one thousandth of a cent) determined in
accordance with the following formula:

CP2 = CP;*(A +B) +(A+C).
For purposes of the foregoing formula, the following definitions shall apply:

(1) “CP,” shall mean the Series A Conversion Price, the Series
B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price, as applicable, in effect immediately after
such issue of Additional Stock

(2) “CP,” shall mean the Series A Conversion Price, the Series
B Conversion Price or the Series C Conversion Price, as applicable, in effect immediately prior
. to such issue of Additional Stock; |

(3) “A” shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue of Additional Stock (treating for this purpose as
outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options outstanding
immediately prior to such issue or upon conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities
(including the Preferred shares) outstanding (assuming exercise of any outstanding Options
therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

(4)  ‘“B” shalf mean the number of shares of Common Stock
that: would have been issued if such Additional Stock had been issued at a price per share equal
to CP, (determined by dividing the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation in —
respect of such issue PY CP;); and -

(5) “C” shall mean the number of shares of such Additional
Stock issued in such transaction.

(6) “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(7) “Series C-1 Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on
which the first share of Series C-1 Preferred was issued.

(8) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, but excluding Options.

For purposes of this Section 3(d)(iv), the consideration received by the Corporation for
the issue of any Additional Stock shall be computed as follows:
(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation, excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest;

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith
‘ by the Board of Directors of the Corporation; and ©

(c) in the event shares of Additional Stock are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (a) and (b) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration
per share received by the Corporation for Additional Stock deemed to have been issued, relating

to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing

(a) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by
the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating
thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the -
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities; by

(b} the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
(as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein
for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities. and the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities.

For purposes of this Section 3(d), “Additional Stock” shall mean al! Common shares,
including securities options and other rights convertible or exercisable therefor, issued by the
Corporation after the date on which shares of the applicable Preferred shares were first issued
other than:

(1) the issuance of up to five million five hundred ninety two
thousand one hundred eighty eight (5,592,188) (or rights therefore) (including Options granted
prior to the financing and appropriately adjusted for combinations, consolidations, subdivisions,
stock splits or other similar transactions) Common shares as approved by the Board of Directors

7, .
to employees, directors and consultants or such additional number of shares as unanimously
approved by the Board of Directors;

(2) the issuance of shares of the Corporation’s capital stock (or
tights there for) as approved by a majority of the Preferred Directors of the Board of Directors
(as defined below) to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit
arrangements, equipment financing or similar transactions;

(3) the issuance of shares of the Corporation’s capital stock (or
rights there for) as approved by a majority of the Preferred Directors of the Board of Directors to
vendors or customers for other than financing purposes;

(4) the issuance of shares of the Corporation’s capital stock (or
rights there for) in connection with acquisitions and mergers as approved by a majority of the
Preferred Directors of the Board of Directors;

(5) the issuance of Common shares upon conversion of the
Preferred shares;

(6) the issuance of Common shares in a public offering
approved by a majority of the Preferred Directors of the Board of Directors in which all shares of
Preferred shares are converted pursuant to Section 3(b);

(7) the issuance of securities pursuant to currently outstanding
Convertible Securities or other rights to acquire capital stock of the Corporation outstanding as
of the date of the filing of these Articles of Incorporation,

(8) the issuance of shares of capital stock in connection with
strategic partnership transactions for other than financing purposes as approved by a majority of
the Preferred Directors of the Board of Directors,

(9) the issuance of up to twenty one million (21,000,000)
shares (including through the issuance of warrants to purchase shares) of Series C-1 Preferred on
or prior to June 30, 2011; and

(10) the issuance of securities pursuant to stock splits, stock
dividends, or similar transactions as provided in subsections (i), (ii) and (iii) of Section 3(d).

On the redemption or repurchase of any such securities, or the expiration or termination
of the right to convert into, exchange for, or exercise with respect to, Common shares, the
Conversion Price will be readjusted to the price that would have been obtained had the
adjustment made upon their issuance been made upon the basis of the issuance of only the
number of those securities that were actually converted into, exchanged for, or exercised with
respect to, Common shares. If the purchase price or conversion or exchange rate provided for in
any such security changes at any time, then, at the time any such change becomes effective, the
Conversion Price then in effect will be readjusted forthwith to the price that would have been
obtained had the adjustment made upon the issuance of those securities been made upon the
basis of: (i) the issuance of only the number of Common shares theretofore actually delivered

8.
upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of those securities, and the total consideration
received therefor, and (ii) the granting or issuance, at the time of the change, of any of those
securities then still outstanding for the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation therefor
and to be received on the basis of that changed price or rate.

v. Special Adjustment to Series C-1 Conversion Price, The initial

Series C Conversion Price was established based on the Corporation’s representation and
warranty in the Series C-1 Preferred Share and Warrant Purchase Agreement (the “Series C-1
Purchase Agreement’) dated on or about May 2, 2011 (the “the Series C-1 Original Issue
Date”), that the issuance of 14,675,930 Series C-1 Preferred shares pursuant thereto (on an as-
converted basis) upon or prior to the Final Closing (as defined in the Series C-1 Purchase
.Agreement) would represent no less than 38.18% (except to the extent any such lower
percentage reflects the sale of more than 14,675,930 Series C-1 Preferred shares pursuant to the
Series C-1 Purchase Agreement) of the Common shares outstanding (on an as-converted basis)
as of immediately after the Final Closing (the “Series C-1 Percentage”). If such representation
and warranty was untrue or incorrect as of-immediately after the Final Closing, the Series C-1
Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced (but not increased) by an amount such that the.
Common shares issuable upon the conversion of the Series C-1 Preferred shares issued on the
Series C-] Original Issue Date was equal to the Series C-1 Percentage of the Corporation’s
outstanding Common shares determined on a fully-diluted as converted to Common shares basis
as of the Final Closing Date (as defined in the Series C-1 Purchase Agreement) after giving
effect to the Final Closing. Any adjustment of the Series C-1 Conversion Price pursuant ‘to this
subsection shall be in addition to any other adjustments which may be required pursuant to this
subsection 3(d).

e. Certificate as to Adjustments. On the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price of the Preferred shares pursuant to this Article 3, the
Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute that adjustment or readjustment in accordance
with the terms of this Article 3, and furnish to each holder of Preferred shares a certificate setting
forth that adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which that adjustment .
or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request of any holder of
' Preferred shares, furnish or cause to be furnished to that holder a like certificate setting forth: (i)
those adjustments and readjustments; (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect; and (iii) the
number of Common shares and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of the Preferred shares.

f. Notices of Record Date, In the event that this Corporation shall propose
at any time:

i. To declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common shares,
whether in cash, property, stock, or other securities, whether ¢ or not a regular cash dividend and
whether or not out of-earnings or earned surplus;

ii. To effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common
shares outstanding involving a change in the Common shares; or
iii. . The sale, lease, assignment, or other disposition (including via
exclusive licenses) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or the acquisition of
the Corporation by means of a merger, consolidation, or reorganization of the Corporation with
or into any other entity or entities, or in a transaction or series of transactions in which the
Corporation’s shareholders immediately prior to such transaction(s) hold immediately after such
transaction(s) less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving corporation or its
parent;

then, in connection with each such event, this Corporation shall send to the holders of the
Preferred shares:

(1) At least twenty (20) days’ prior written notice of the date on which
a record shall be taken for that dividend or distribution (and specifying the date on which the
holders of shares shal] be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote in respect of the
matters referred to in (ii) and (iii), above; and

(2) In the case of the matters referred to in (ii) and (iii), above, at least
twenty (20) days’ prior written notice of the date when the events shall take place (and
specifying the date on which the holders of shares shall be entitled to exchange their shares for
securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of the event or the record date for the
determination of those holders if that record date is earlier).

Each such written notice shall describe the then known material terms and conditions of
the impending transaction and shall be delivered personally or sent by first class mail, postage
prepaid, addressed to the holders of the Preferred shares at the address for each such holder as
shown on the books of the Corporation.

g- Issue Taxes, The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes
(other than income taxes) that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of Common
shares on conversion of Preferred shares under this Article; provided, however, that the
Corporation shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested
by any holder in connection with any such conversion.

h. Reservation of Stock Issuable on Conversion. The Corporation shall at
all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common shares, solely for
the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred shares, such number of its
Common shares as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding Preferred shares; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued Common
shares shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of al] then outstanding Preferred shares, the
Corporation will take such corporate action as may, .in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued Common shares to that number of shares which shall be
sufficient for that purpose, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the
requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to its Articles of Incorporation.

i. No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Articles

of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to

10,
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by this Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Preferred against
impairment.

4. Conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred, and Series C
Preferred. ;

a. For the purposes of this Section 4, the following definitions shall apply:

i, “Holder” means an existing holder of Series A-1 Preferred, Series
B-1 Preferred or Series C Preferred shares.

ii. “New Shares” means the Series C-1 Preferred shares purchased
pursuant to the Series C-1 Financing, but shall not include those shares purchased using as
consideration the cancellation of indebtedness of the Corporation.

iii. “Pro Rata Amount’ means, for a particular Holder, that number of
New Shares of Series C-1 Preferred equal to (x) the product of (a) 2,375,159.41 multiplied by (b)
such Holder’s Pro Rata Share, minus (y) the Series C-1 Preferred shares or Series C Preferred
shares purchased using as consideration the cancellation of indebtedness of the Corporation
borrowed prior to December 31, 2010,

iv. “Pro Rata Share” means the percentage obtained by dividing (1)
the total number of Preferred shares held by such Holder by (2) the total number of Preferred
shares outstanding on December 31, 2010.

v. “Series C-1 Financing” means the Company’s offer and sale of
Series C-1 Preferred, which shall have an initial close during the twenty one (21) day period
‘following the date of filing hereof (the “Initial Closing”) and a final closing thirty days (30)
following the date of filing hereof (the “Final Closing’).

b. Prior to the Final Closing,-each Holder will be provided a right of
participation with respect to such Holder’s Pro Rata Share of the Series C-1 Financing. The —
Corporation shall offer each Holder that purchases at least its Pro Rata Amount in the Series C-1
Financing prior to the Final Closing the right to exchange such Holder’s shares of (i) Series A-1
Preferred for an equal number of shares of Series A-2 Preferred, (ii) Series B-1. Preferred for an
equal number of shares of Series B-2 Preferred and (iii) Series C Preferred for an equal number
of shares of Series C-1 Preferred (the “Exchange Offer”). Each Holder that does not purchase
its full Pro Rata Amount will not have the opportunity to participate in the Exchange Offer.

c. Effective one day after the Final Closing, all outstanding shares of Series
A-1 Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred and Series C Preferred shall automatically convert into an
amount of Common shares equal to the total number of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-]
Preferred and Series C Preferred shares then held divided by two (2) and without regard to the
adjustment provisions of Section 3(d)(iv) herein.

11,
d. No fractional shares of the Common shall be issued upon conversion of
the Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred or Series C Preferred. In lieu of any fractional
shares, the Company shall promptly pay to each such Holder in cash (at the Common shares’ fair
market value determined by the Board. as of the conversion date) the value of any fractional
Common shares otherwise issuable to each such Holder. Whether or not fractional shares would
have been issued upon conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred or Series C
Preferred (but for the first sentence of this subsection) and the amount of Common shares so
issued shall be determined based on the total number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-
1 Preferred or Series C Preferred held by each Holder at the time of conversion.

@ The Holder of any shares of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred or
Series C Preferred converted pursuant to this Section 4 shall deliver to the Corporation during
regular business hours at the office of any transfer agent of the Corporation, the certificate or
ceitificates representing the shares so converted and duly endorsed. Promptly thereafter, the
Corporation shall issue and deliver to such Holder, at the place designated by such Holder, a
certificate or certificates for the number and class of shares to which such Holder is entitled.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, all shares of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred and
Series C Preferred will be automatically converted one day after the Final Closing without any
further action by the Holders thereof and whether or not the certificates representing those shares
are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent. Effective upon the conversion of all
shares of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred and Series C Preferred one day after the
Final Closing, the Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred and Series C Preferred shall be
automatically cancelled and no longer authorized series of Preferred shares of the Corporation.
The Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares so issued’ unless
the certificates evidencing the Series A-1 Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred, or Series C Preferred
shares are either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or the
Holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that the certificates have been lost, stolen, or
destroyed, and executes an agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify
the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with those certificates.

5. Voting Rights.

a. The holder of each Preferred share shall have the right to one vote for each
Common share into which such Preferred share could then be converted and, with respect to such
vote, such holder shall have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers
of the holders of Common shares, and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to
notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall
be entitled to vote, together with the holders of Common shares, with respect to any questions
upon which holders of Common Shares have the right to vote as _a single class, unless otherwise
prohibited by law. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting
rights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares in which shares of
Preferred held by each holder could be converted) shal] be rounded to the nearest whole number
(with one-half being rounded upward).

b. For so long as there are at least two million (2,000,000) shares of Series
A-2 Preferred, Series B-2 Preferred and/or Series C-1 Preferred outstanding, the consent of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A-2 Preferred, Series B-2 Preferred and

12.
Series C-1 Preferred (including holders of at least 60% of the outstanding shares of Series C-1
Preferred), voting together as a single class, will be required for:

i. creation of any new class or series of shares having preference
over or on parity with the Preferred shares with respect to dividends, voting, liquidation
preferences, or conversion rights;

ii, - any increase or decrease in the authorized number of Preferred
shares;

iii. effecting (by amendment, consolidation, merger or otherwise) any
amendment or waiver of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation adversely affecting the
rights of, or restrictions for the benefit of, the Preferred shares;

iv. any sale, lease, assignment, or other disposition (including via
exclusive licenses) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or any acquisition of
the Corporation by means of a merger, consolidation, or reorganization of the Corporation with
or into any other entity or entities, or in a transaction or series of transactions in which the
Corporation’s shareholders immediately prior to such transaction(s) hold immediately after such
transaction(s) Jess than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving corporation or its
parent;

v. a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation;

vi. any redemption or repurchase of shares of Common shares (other
than from current or former employees, directors and consultants at cost or as otherwise
approved by a majority of the Preferred Directors of the Board of Directors);

vii. any change in the size of the Board of Directors,
viii. issuance of any equity securities by any subsidiaries;
ix. any acquisition or merger with another entity by the Corporation

involving payment of consideration by the Corporation having a fair market value of One
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) or more;

x. any Material Change of Business (defined below) of the —
Corporation;

xi. Sale, transfer or other disposition of any securities of any
subsidiary by the Corporation;

xii. any amendment of the Corporation’s Bylaws unless approved ~
unanimously by the Corporation’s Board of Directors;

xiii. the incurrence of any debt that by its terms can be converted into
equity of the Corporation; ,

13.
xiv. the incurrence of debt in excess twenty five thousand dollars
($25,000.00), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, except for trade payables
incurred in the ordinary course = of business;

xv. pay or declare any. dividend or make any distribution on, any
shares of capital stock of the Corporation other than dividends or other distributions payable on
the Common shares solely in the form of additional Common shares;

XVi. the incurrence of. any single capital expenditure in excess of twenty
five thousand dollars ($25,000.00).

For purposes of this Section, a “Material Change of Business” shall mean a change in the
_Corporation’s primary business from the design, manufacture, license and/or sale of
semiconductor components.

C. So long as at least one million (1,000,000) shares of Preferred shares
originally issued remain outstanding, in the aggregate, the holders of a majority of the Preferred
shares voting together as a single class of the Corporation shall be entitled to elect three (3) of
the directors authorized for the Corporation’s Board of Directors (collectively the “Preferred
Directors”). Any Director so elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting and may not
be removed from the Board of Directors except by the vote of the holders of the Preferred shares
in accordance with California Corporations Code Section 303(a)(1) or pursuant to Sections 302
or 304 of the California Corporations Code. In the event any Director elected under the
provisions of this Section is removed or resigns from the Board of Directors, a new Director
shall be elected by the holders of the Preferred shares to serve on the Board of Directors until the
next annual mecting of the shareholders.

+d The holders of a majority of the Common shares of the Corporation shall
be entitled to elect one (1) of the directors authorized for the Corporation’s Board of Directors
(the “Common Director”). Any Director so elected shall hold office until the next annual
meeting and may not be removed from the Board of Directors except by the vote of the holders
of the Common shares in accordance with California Corporations Code Section 303(a)(1) or
pursuant to Sections 302 or 304 of the California Corporations Code. In the event any Director
elected under the provisions of this Section is removed or resigns from the Board of Directors, a
new Director shall be elected by the holders of the Common shares to serve on the Board of
Directors until the next annual meeting of the shareholders.

e. Any remaining members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors shall be
elected by the holders of the Common shares and Preferred shares voting together as a single
class. Any Director so elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting and may not be
removed from the Board of Directors except by the vote of the holders of the Common shares
and Preferred shares, voting as a class, in accordance with California Corporations Code Section
303(a){1) or pursuant to Sections 302 or 304 of the California Corporations Code. In the event
any Director elected under the provisions of this Section is removed or resigns from the Board of
Directors, a new Director shall be elected by the holders of the Common shares and Preferred
shares, voting as a class, to serve on the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of the
shareholders.

14,
ARTICLE V

1. The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

2. The Corporation is authorized to indemnify the “Agents” (as defined in Section
317 of the California Corporations Code) of the Corporation to the fullest extent permissible
under California Jaw.

3. Any repeal or amendment of this Article V shall not adversely affect any right of
or protection afforded any agent of the Corporation in effect at the time of the repeal or
amendment.

15.
