AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
ALTHEA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Frangois H. Ferré and Magda Marquet hereby certify that:

ONE: The original name of this corporation is Althea Technologies, Inc. and the date
on which the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was December 30, 1997.

TWO: They are the duly elected and acting co-Presidents and co-Chief Executive
Officers of this corporation.

THREE: The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation is hereby amended and
restated to read as follows:

I.
The name of this corporation is ALTHEA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (the “Company’’).
IL.

The address of the registered office of this Company in the State of Delaware is 160
Greentree Drive, Suite 101, City of Dover, County of Kent, Zip Code 19904, and the name of the
registered agent of the Company in the State of Delaware at such address is National Registered
Agents, Inc.

Hi.

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”).

TV.

A. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the
Company is authorized to issue is 23,000,000 shares, 15,000,000 shares of which shall be
Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) and 8,000,000 shares of which shall be Preferred Stock
(the “Preferred Stock”). The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.01 per share and the
Common Stock shall have a par value of $0.01 per share.

B. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Company entitled to vote (voting

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
510955 vO/SD 1. Division of Corporations
Delivered 10:02 PM 10/10/2006
FILED 10:02 PM 10/10/2006
SRV 060930942 - 2839886 FILE
i

OCT. 10. 2006 7: (3PM Got NQ3165 =P 3

together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis), itrespective of the provisions of Section
242(b)(2) of the DGCL. " 5

C. 2,000,000 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Series A Preferred Stock” (the “Series A Preferred”). 2,000,000 of the authorized shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series B Preferred Stock” (the “Series B Preferred”).
4,000,000 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series C Preferred
Stock” (the “Series C Preferred”). The Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series C
Preferred are collectively referred to herein as the “Series Preferred.”

D. ‘The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the
Series Preferred are as follows:

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

(a2) The Company shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on
shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Company unless holders of all outstanding
shares of Series Preferred then outstanding shall first receive, or sirnultaneously receive, a
dividend on each outstanding share of Series Preferred in an amount equal to the product of (A)

the dividend to be paid by the Company on cach share of such class or series of capital stock of
the Company to receive a dividend (calculated on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) and
(B) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such share of Series
Preferred as of the record date for determination of holders entitled to receive such dividend. The
foregoing restriction shall not apply to the following dividends or other distributions by the

Company:
(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to

agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
fair market valuc) upon termination of services to the Company,

(ii) acquisitions of Common Stock in exercise of the
Company’s right of first refusal to repurchase such shares;

(i) distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance
with Article IV, Sections D(3) and D(4) hereof,

(iv) a dividend payable solely in Common Stock to which the
provisions of Article IV, Section D(5)(g) hereof are applicable;

(v) any repurchase of any outstanding securities of the
Company that is approved by (A) the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”,

including the approval of at least one Series C Director (as defined below) and (B) the holders of
Series Preferred as may be required by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation;

or

(vi any repurchase of shares of capital stock of the Company
contemplated by Section 2.3 of that certain Series C Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the

510955 y9/SD 2.
OO. 10. 2006 7:03PM OSC NU. 316) oP 4

“purchase Agreement”) entered into by the Company on or about the filing date hereof (the
“Filing Date”). ’ ,

(b) California Code Sections 502 and 503 shall not apply with respect
to distributions on shares junior to the Series Preferred as they relate to repurchases of shares of
Common Stock upon termination of employment or service as a consultant or director.

2. VOTING RIGHES,

(a) General Rights. Each holder of shares of the Series Preferred
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such shares of Series Preferred could be converted (pursuant to Section 5 hereof)
immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or the effective
date of such written consent and shall have yoting rights and powers equal to the voting rights
and powers of the Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the bylaws of the Company. Except as otherwise provided herein or as required
by law, the Series Preferred shall vote together with the Common Stock at any annual or special
meeting of the stockholders and not as a separate class, and may act by written consent in the
same manner as the Common Stock.

(b) Separate Vote of Series C Preferred. For so long as at least
1,000,000 shares of Series C Prefetred (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock
split or other similar event affecting the Series C Preferred after the Filing Date) remain
outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written
consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred (voting as a
separate class) shall be necessary for effecting or validating the following actions (whether by
amendment, merger, consolidation, recapitalization or otherwise):

(i) Any redemption, repurchase, payment or declaration of
dividends or other distributions with respect to Common Stock or Preferred Stock (except for
acquisitions of Common Stock or Preferred Stock by the Compaty permitted by Section 1(a)(i)-
(vi) hereof and redemptions required by Section 6 hereof);

(i) Any agreement by the Company or its stockholders
regarding an Asset Transfer or Acquisition (each as defined in Section 4 hereof) that would not
result in agetegate proceeds to the holders of Series C Preferred in an amount per share of Series
C Preferred, valued in accordance with Section 4(c) below, equal to at least three times the Series
C Original Issue Price (as defined below);

(tit) A consummation of a Liquidation Event (as defined below)
that would not result in aggregate proceeds to the holders of Serics C Preferred im an amount per
share of Series C Preferred, valued in accordance with Section 4(c) below, equal to af least three

times the Series C Original Issue Price;

(iv) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Board;

510935 v9/SD 3.
OC1. 10. 2006 7:03PM GSC NO 3165 oP 5

(v) Any authorization or any designation, whether by
reclassification or otherwise, of any new: class ox series of stock or any other secutities
convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series
C Preferred in right of redemption, liquidation preference, voting or dividend rights;

(vf) Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company that alters or changes the voting or other
powers, preferences, or other special rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series C Preferred; or

(vii) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock.

(c) Election of Board of Directors.

(i) Prior to the first to occur of (a) the Second Closing (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement) or (b) January 11, 2007, for so long as at Jeast 1,000,000
shares of Series C Preferred remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse
stock split or similar event affecting the Series C Preferred after the Filing Date), the holders of
Series C Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two members of the Board
at each meeting of pursuant to each consent of the Company's stockholders for the election of
directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the
resignation, death or removal of such directors. Following the first to ocour of (a) the Second
Closing or (b) January 11, 2007, (x) for so long as at least 2,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred
remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split or similar event
affecting the Series C Preferred after the Filing Date), the holders of Series C Preferred, voting as
a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant
to each consent of the Company's stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from
office such directors and to fill any vacancy cansed by the resignation, death or removal of such
directors, or (y) for so long as at least 1,000,000 but fewer than 2,000,000 shares of Series C
Preferred remain outstanding (in each case subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock
split or similar event affecting the Series C Preferred after the Filing Date), the holders of Series
C Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Board at each
meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors,
and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death
or removal of such direstors. Each director elected by the holders of Series C Preferred pursuant
to this paragraph shall be referred to as a “Series C Director”.

(i) The holders of Common Stock and Series Preferred, yoting
together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, shall be entitled to clect all
remaining members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(iii) No person entitled to vote at an election for directors may
cumulate votes to which such person is entitled, unless, at the time of such election, the
Company is subject to Section 2115 of the California General Corporation Law (“CGCL”).

510955 vo/SD 4.
OCI. 10. 2006 7:04PM G30 NO. 3165 Pb

During such time or times that the Company is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, every
stockholder entitled to vote at an election for direc{ors may cumulate such stockholder’s votes
and give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected
multiplied by the number of votes to which such stockholder’s shates are otherwise entitled, ot
distribute the stockholder’s votes on the same principle among a8 many candidates as such
stockholder desires. No stockholder, however, shall be entitled to so cumulate such
stackholder’s votes unless (i) the names of such candidate or candidates have been placed in
nomination prior to the voting and (ii) the stockholder has given notice at the meeting, prior to
the voting, of such stockholder’s intention to cumulate such stockholder’s votes. If any
stockholder has given proper notice to cumulate votes, all stockholders may cumulate their votes
for my candidates who have been properly placed in nomination. Under cumulative voting, the
candidates receiving the highest number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, are

clected.

(iv) During such time or times that the Company is subject to
Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, one or more directors may be temoved from office at any time
without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote for that director as provided above; provided, however, that unless the
entire Board is removed, no individual director may be removed when the votes cast against such
director’s removal, or not consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient to clect that
director #£ voted curmulatively at an election in which the eame totel nuttiber of votes were cast
(or, if such action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to vote were voted) and the
entire number of directors authorized at the time of such director’s most recent election were then

being elected.
3. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

(a) Upon atty liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation Event”), before any distribution or payment
shall be made to the holders of any Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred or Common Stock, the
holders of Series C Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally
available for distribution for each share of Series C Preferred held by them, an amount per share
of Series C Preferred equal to the Series C Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid
dividends on such share of Series C Preferred, Tf, upon any such Liquidation Event, the assets of
the Company shall be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series C Preferred of
the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(a), then such assets shall be distributed
among the holders of Series C Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full
amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled.

(b) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series C
Preferred as set forth in Section 3(a) above, before any distribution or payment shalt be made to
the holders of any Common Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred shall
be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution for each
share of Series A Preferred or Series B Preferred held by them, an amount pet share of Series A
Preferred or Series B Preferred equal to (i) in the case of the Series A Preferred, the Series A
Original Issue Price (as defined below) and (i) in the case of the Series B Preferred, the Series B

410955 va/SD 5.
Ol. 10. 2006 7:04PM GSC NO 3169 oP 7

Original Issue Price, in each case plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series
A Preferred or Series B Preferred, respectively. If, upon any such Liquidation Event, the assets
of the Company shall be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series A Preferred
and Series B Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(b), theti, subject to
Section 3(a) above, such assets shall be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred and
Series B Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full arnounts to which they
would otherwise be respectively entitled.

. (c) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series
Preferred as set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) above, the remaining assets of the Company
legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed tatably to the holders of the Common
Stock.

4. ASSET TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION RIGHTS.

(2) Inthe event that the Company is a party to an Acquisition or Asset
Transfer (each as hereinafter defined), then each holder of Series Preferred or Common Stock
shall be entitled to receive, for each share of Series Preferred or Common Stock then held, out of
the proceeds of such Acquisition or Asset Transfer, the amount of cash, securities or other
property which such holder would be entitled to receive in a Liquidation Event pursuant to
Section 3 above.

(b) For the purposes of this Section 4, (i) “Acquisition” shall mean
(A) any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or other -
entity of person, or any other corporate reorganization, other than any consolidation, merger or
reorganization in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such
consolidation, merger or reorganization, continue to hold at least 5 0% of the voting power of the
surviving entity in substantially the same proportions (or, if the surviving entity is a wholly
owned subsidiary, its parent) as were held immediately after such consolidation, merger or
reorganization; or (B) any transaction or series of related transactions to which the Company is a
party in which in excess of 50% of the Company's voting power is transferred in any 12-month
period; provided that an Acquisition shall not include any transaction or series of transactions
principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash is received by the Company or
any successor or indebtedness of the Company ig cancelled or corverted or a combination
thereof; and (ii) “Asset Trangjer” shall mean « sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition
of all or substantially all of the assets or intellectual property of the Company.

(c) In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be
received is securities of a corporation or other property other than cash, its value will be deemed
its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board, Any securities shall be valued as
follows:

@ Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability covered by (ii) below:

510985 vo/SD 6.
OGL. 10. 2006 0 7:04PM GSC NO 316 OP 8

(A) If traded on a securities exchange or through the
Nasdag National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such quotation system over the 30 day period ending three days prior to the closing
of the Acquisition or Asset Transfer, as applicable;

(B) ‘If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall
be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the
30 day period ending three days prior to the closing of the Acquisition or Asset Transfer, as
applicable; and

{C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be
the fair market value thereof, as determined by the Board in good faith.

Gi) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of
a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof, as determined by the Board in good faith.

5. CONVERSION RIGHTS,

The holders of the Series Preferred shall have the following rights with,
respect to the conversion of the Series Preferred into shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion

Rights”).

(a) Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 5, any shares of Series Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be
converted et any time into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock, The number
of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled upoo
conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the applicable “Series Preferred
Conversion Rate” then in effect (determined as provided in Section 5(b)) by the number of shares

of Series Preferred being converted,
(b) . Series Preferred Conversion Rate.

(i) Series A Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series A Preferred (the “Series A Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the applicable Series A. Original Issue Price by the
“Series A Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(d)G).

(ii) ‘Series B Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series B Preferred (the “Series B Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series B Original Issue Price by the “Series B
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(d)(ii).

Gif) Series C Preferred Conversion Rate, The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series C Preferred (the “Series C Conversion Rate”)

510955 vO/SD
O01. 19, 2006 7:04PM GSC NG 3169 FY

shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series C Original Issue Price by the “Series C
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(d)(ail).

(iv) ~ References to Conversion Rate. The Series A Conversion
Rate, the Series B Conversion Rate and the Series C Conversion Rate are collectively referred to
herein as a “Series Preferred Conversion Rate.”

(c) Series Preferred Original Issue Price.

(i) Series A Original Issue Price, The “Series A Original
Issue Price” shall be $1.00 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date).

(ii) ‘Series B Original Issue Price. The “Series B Original
Issue Price” shall be $1.10 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date).

; Git) Series C Original Issue Price. The “Series C Original
Issne Price” shall be $6.4932 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, cormbinations, splits,
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date).

(a) ‘Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) Series A Conversion Price. The conversion price for the

Series A. Preferred shall initially be the Series A Original Issue Price (the “Series A Conversion

Price”), Such initial Series A Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time

in accordance with this Section 5, All references to the Series A Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Scries A Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(ii) | Series B Conversion Price, The conversion price for the
Series B Preferred shall initially be the Series B Original Issue Price (the “Series B Conversion
Price”), Such initial Series B Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series B Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series B Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(it) Series C Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series C: Preferred shall initially be the Series C Original Issue Price (the “Series C Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series C Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series C Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series C Conversion Price as so adjusted.

, (iv) References to Conversion Price, The Series A Conversion
Price, Series B Conversion Price and Series C Conversion Price shall be collectively referred to
herein as a “Series Preferred Conversion Price.”

(v) Prior Adjustments to Conversion Price, Effective as of
the Filing Date, any adjustments to the Series Preferred Conversion Price that may have occurred

$10955 vS/SD 8.
OCl. 10. 2006 7:04PM Gol NU. 3165 =P. 19

prior to the Filing Date as a result of issuances of shares of Common Stock or Convertible
Securities prior to the Filing Date to employees,: officers or directors of, of consultants or
advisors to the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or
other arrangements maintained by the Company from time to time are hereby irrevocably waived
in their entirety.

(ce) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Serics Preferred who
desires to convert the same into shares of Conmmon Stock pursuant to this Section 5 shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Series Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Company at such
office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of shares of
Series Preferred being converted. Thereupon, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver at
such office to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder ix entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient
funds ate not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock’s fair
market value determined by the Board as of the date of such conversion), any declared and
unpaid dividends on the shares of Series Preferred being converted and (ii) in cash (at the
Common Stock's fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of conversion) the
value of any fractional share of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any holder of Series
Preferred. If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of securitics
registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the conversion may, at the option
of any holder tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the
underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the persons
entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be
deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such
sale of securities. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made at the close of business
on the date of such surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Series Preferred to be
converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Comtnon Stock issuable upon such
conversion shail be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock
on such date,

() Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If at any time
or from time to time on or after the Filing Date the Company effects a subdivision of the

outstanding Common Stock without a corresponding subdivision of the Series Preferred, the

applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before that subdivision shall
be proportionately decreased. Conversely, if at any time or from time to time after the Filing
Date the Company combines the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares without a corresponding combination of the Series Preferred, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately
increased, Any adjustment under this Section 5(f) shall become effective at the close of business
on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective,

(g). Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions.
Tf at any time or from time to time on or after the Filing Date the Company pays to holders of
Common Stock a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or
other securities or rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or

§10955 vo/SD 9.
OCI. 10. 2006 7: (> PM GSC NU. 3169 =P il

indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock without a corresponding dividend or other
distribution to holders of Preferred Stock, the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price then
in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance, as provided below:

(i) ‘The applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be
adjusted by multiplying the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a
fraction:

(A) the numerator of which is the total number of shares —
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance, and

(B) the denominator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outetanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution;

(i) If the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution, the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close of business on such
record date and the number of shares of Common Stock shall be calculated immediately prior to
the close of business on such record date; and

(i) If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not filly made on the date fixed therefor, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such
record dats and thereafter the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted
pursuant to this Section 5(g) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

(h) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, Substitution,
Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. If at any time or from time to time on or after the
Filing Date the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series Preferred is changed
into the same or a different number of shares of any olass or classes of stock, whether by
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an Acquisition or
Asset Transfer ag defined in Section 4 or a subdivision or combination of shares or stock
dividend provided for elsewhere in this Section 5), im any such event each holder of Series
Preferred shall then have the right to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and
other securities and property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation or other change by holders of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
into which such shares of Series Preferred could have been converted immediately prior to such
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or change, all subject to further
adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or property by the terms
thereof Jn any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of Series Preferred after the
capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including adjustment of the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares issuable

310958 vo/SD 10,
OCT, 10. 2006 7:05PM GSC NO.3165 P.M?

upon conversion of the Series Preferred) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly
equivalent as practicable. :

(i) Sale of Shares Below Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) ‘If at any time or from time to time on or after the Filing
Date the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this Section 5(i) to
have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined below), other than as
provided in Section 5(f), 5(g) or 5(h) above, for an Effective Price (as defined below) less than a
then effective applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price (a “Qualifying Dilutive Issuance”),
then and in each such case, such then effective applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price,
shall be reduced, as of the opening of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a price
determined by multiplying such applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issuance or sale by a fraction equal to:

(A) the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale, plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the Aggregate
Consideration (as defined below) received or deemed received. by the Company for the total
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such then-existing
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price, and

(B) the denominator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
igsue or sale plus the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.

For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A) the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding, (B) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the then
outstanding shares of Serics Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediately preceding the given date, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which are
issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all other rights, options and convertible securities
outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given date.

(ji) No adjustment shall be made to an applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price in an amount Jess than one cent per share, Any adjustment otherwise
required by this Section 5(i) that is not required to be made duc to the preceding sentence shall be
included in any subsequent adjustment to the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(ii) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section 5(i), the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of
securities (the “degregate Consideration”) shall be defined as: (A) to the extent it consists of
cash, the gross amount of cash received by the Company before deduction of any underwriting or
similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the Company in
connection with such issue or sale and without deduction of any expenses payable by the
Company, (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, the fair value of that property

5310955 vo/SD 11,
OC}. 10. 2006  /: 5PM COC NO.3169 =P 13

as determined in good faith by the Board, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock,
Convertible Securities (as defined below) or rights or options to purchase either Additional
Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or
securities or other assets of the Company for a consideration which covers both, the portion of
the consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board to be
allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or

options.

(ivy) For the purpose of the adjustment requited urder this
Section 5(i), if the Company issues or sells (x) Preferred Stock or other stock, options, warrants,
purchase rights or other securities convertible into, Additional Shares of Common Stock (such
convertible stock or securitics being herein referred to es “Convertible Securities”) or (y) rights
or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and
if the Effective Price of such Additional Shares of Common Stock is less than the applicable
Series Preferred Conversion Price, in each case the Company shall be deemed to have issued at
the time of the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number
of Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have
received as consideration for ths issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of
the consideration, if any, received by the Company for the issuance of such rights or options ot
Convertible Securities plus:

(A) in the case of such nights or options, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such rights or
options; and

(B) _ in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion thereof (other
than. by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities);
provided that if the minimum amounts of such consideration camot be ascertained, but are a
‘Sanction of antidilution or similar protective clauses, the Company shall be deemed to have
received the mininmm amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses.

(C) If the minimum amount of consideration payable to
the Cornpany upon the exercise or conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is
reduced over time of on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events other than by
resgon of antidilution adjustments, the Effective Price shall be recalculated using the figure to
which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced; provided further, that if the minimum
amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion of such rights,
options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price shall be again
recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon
the exercise of conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities.

(D) No further adjustment of the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price, as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible
Securities, shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common
‘Stock or the exercise of any such rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible

510955 v9/8D ~ 12,
Ol. 10. 2006 7D PM GSC NQO3105 =P. 14

Securities. If any such rights or options or the conversion privilege represented by any auch
Convertible Securities shall expire without having been exercised, the applicable Series Preferred
Conversion Price as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities
shall be readjusted to the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price which would have been in
effect had an adjustment been made on the basis that the only Additional Shares of Common
Stock so issued were the Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on
the exercise of such rights or options or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and
such Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration
actually received by the Company upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually
received by the Company for the granting of all such tights or options, whether or not exercised,
plus the consideration received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually
converted, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Company (other than by
cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the
conversion of such Convertible Securities, provided that such readjustment shall not apply to
prior conversions of Sexies Preferred.

(vy) For the purpose of making any adjustment to an applicable
Series Preferred Conversion Price as required under this Section 5(), “Additional Shares of
Common Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to
be issued pursuant to this Section 5(i) (including shares of Common Stock subsequently

raacquired or retired by the Company), other than:

(A) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
of a8 a dividend or distribution on the Series Preferred;

(B) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued after the Filing Date to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the
Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other
arrangements that are approved by the Board (including the approval of at least one Series C
Director);

(C) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the
exercise of Convertible Securities outstanding as of the Filing Date;

(D) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition, strategic
alliance or similar business combination approved by the Board (including the approval of at
least one Series C-Director);

(E) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement
or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board (including
the approval of at least one Series C Director);

(F) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued to third party service providers in exchange for or as partial consideration for services

510985 vvSD 13,
OCI. 10. 2006 7: G6PM 63 NQ 3165 oP tb

rendered to the Company, provided that the issuance of shares therein has been approved by the
Board (including the approval of at least one Series C Director); and

(G) any Common Stock or Convertible Securities iasued
in connection with strategic transactions involving the Company and other entities, including
(i) joint venture, manufacturing, marketing or dietribution arrangements or (ii) technology
transfer or development arrangements; provided that the issuance of shates therein has been
approved by the Board (including the approval of at least one Series C Director).

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (v) above shall
mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to
this Section 5(i). The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the
quotient detennined by di iding the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued
or sold, or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company under this Section 5(i), into the
Aggregate Consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Company for such
issue under this Section 5(i), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event that the
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the Effective Price cannot be ascertained at
the time of issuance, such Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be deemed issued
immediately upon the occurrence of the first event that makes such number of shares or the
Effective Price, as applicable, ascertainable.

(vi) In the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance
(the “First Dilutive Issuance”), then in the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance
other than the First Dilutive Issuance as a part of the same transaction or series of related
transactions as the First Dilutive Issuance (a “Subsequent Dilutive Issuance”), then and in each
such case upoti a Subsequent Dilutive Issuance the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price
shall be reduced to the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price that would have been in
effect had the First Dilutive Issuance and each Subsequent Dilutive Issuance all occurred on the
closing date of the First Dilutive Issuance.

(j) Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or
readjustment of the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price for the number of shares of
Common Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of the applicable Series Preferred, if
the applicable Series Preferred is then convertible pursuant to this Section 5, the Company, at its
expense, shall cormpute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the provisions hereof
and shall, upon request, prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and shall
mail such certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of applicable
Series Preferred so requesting atthe holder’s address as shown in the Company's books. The
certificate ghall set forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing in detai} the facts upon which
such adjustment or readjustment is based, including a statement of (i) the consideration received
or deemed to be received by the Company for any Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or
sold or deemed to have been issued or sold, (ii) the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price
at the time in effect, (iii) the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock and (iv) the type
and amoutit, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the

310955 yorSP 14,
t

i

OCT. 10. 2006 7: C6PM Gol NU 3165 PP. 16

applicable Series Preferred. Failure to request or provide such notice shall have no effect on any
such adjustment. ;

(k) Notices of Reeord Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who ate entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or (i/) any Acquisition (as defined
in Section 4) or other capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or
recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into any other corporation, or any Asset Transfer (as defined in Section 4), or any
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the Company
shall mail to each holder of Series Preferred at least 10 days prior to (x) the record date, if any,
specified therein; or (y) if no record date is specified, the date upon which such action is to take
effect (or, in either case, such shorter period approved by the holders of a majority of the
outstanding Series Preferred, voting of consenting together as a single class on an as-converted to
Cormort Stock basis) anotice specifying, as applicable, (A) the date on which any such record is
to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution and a description of such dividend or
distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification,
transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected
to become effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to be fixed as to when the holders of record.
of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common
Stock (or other secutities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such Acquisition,
reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution,

liquidation or winding up.
r¢}) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective applicable Series Preferred
Conversion Price, (A) at any time upon the affirmative clection of the holders of at least (l)a
majority of the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred, voting aa a separate class and (2) a
majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred, voting together
as a single class on an ag-converted to Common Stock basis, or (B) immediately prior to the
closing of a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for
the account of the Company in which (i) the per share price is at least three times the Series C
Original Issue Price and (ii) the gross cash proceeds to the Company (before taking into account
underwriting discounts, commissions and fees) are at least $30,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO”).
Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance
with the provisions of Section 5(e).

(ii) Upon the occurrence of either of the events specified in
Section 5()(i), the outstanding shares of Series Preferred shall be converted automatically
without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Series

510955 vo“SD 15.
OCT. 10. 2006 7: G6PM GS NO 3165 oP Tf

Preferred atte either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the
holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such
automatic conversion of the Series Preferred, the holders of Series Preferred shall surrender the
certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the
Series Preferred. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such holder prompily at such
office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series Preferred
surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any
declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(e),

(m) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of Series Preferred. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions
thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series Preferred by a holder thereof
shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the
issuance of any fractional share. If, after the afprementioned aggregation, the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company shall, in Heu of issuing any fractional

- share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of one

share of Common Stock (as determined by the Board) on the date of conversion.

(n) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company
shall at all times reserve and kesp available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion, of the shares of the Series Preferred,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, If at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, the Company will take such corporate
action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to
such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(0) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5
shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (1) upon personal delivery to the party
to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal
business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five days after having
been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one day
after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with
verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at the address of
guch holder appearing on the books of the Company.

(p) No Impairment. The Company will not, through any
reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company, but will
at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 5 and in the

510935 vo/8D 16,
OCH. 10. 2006 7: GOPM Got NO. 3165 P18

taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion
Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment,

(g) Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to
the issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series Preferred,
excluding any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series
Preferred so converted were registered.

6, REDEMPTION,

(a) The Company shall be obligated to redeem the Series C Preferred
as follows:

() At any time on or after the fifth anniversary of the Filing
Date, the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series C Freferred, voting as a
separate class, may require the Company, to the extent it has sufficient funds legally available to
do so, to redeem all (but not less than all) of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred held by
all of the holders of the Series C Preferred in two equal annual installments by providing written
notice (a “Redemption Request”) to the Company, The first redemption date shall occur within
180 days following the Company’s receipt of the Redemption Request, and the second
redemption date shall occur on the first year anniversary of the first redemption date (each a
“Redemption Date”). The Company shall effect such redemptions on each Redemption Date by
paying in cash in exchange for the shares of Series C Preferred on such Redemption Date a sum
equal to the Series C Original Issue Price per share of Series C Preferred (as adjusted for any
stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like after the Filing Date) plus all
declared and unpaid dividends with respect to such shares. The total amount to be paid for the
Series C Preferred pursuant to any such redemption request is hereinafter referred to as the
“Series C Redemption Price,” Shares subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 6(a)(i) shall
be redeemed from each holder of Series C Preferred on a pro rata basis, based on the number of
shares of Series C Preferred then outstanding held by such holders.

: (i) Within five days following its receipt of the Redemption
Request and within 20 days prior to the second Redemption Date, the Company shall send a
notice (a “Redemption Notice”) to all holders of Series C Preferred setting forth (A) the
Redemption Price for the Series C Preferred; and (B) the place at which such holders may obtain
payment of the Redemption Price upon surrender of their stock certificates. If the Company does
not have sufficient funds legally available to redeem all shares to be redeemed at the Redemption
Date, then it shall so notify such holders and shall redeem such shares pro rata (based on the
portion of the aggregate Redemption Price payable to them) to the extent possible and shall
redeem the remaining shares to be redeemed as soon as sufficient funds are legally available.

(b) On or prior to each Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit
the Redemption Price of all shares to be redeemed at such Redemption Date with a bank or trust
company having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of $100,000,000, as a trust fund, with

510955 v9/$D 17.
Ol. 10. 2006. 7:07PM 080 NO. 3169 =P 19

Yrrevocable instructions and authority to the bank or trust company to pay, on and after such

Redemption Date, the Redemption Price cf the shares to their respective holders upon the
surrender of their share certificates. Any moneys deposited by the Company pursuant to this
Section 6(b) for the redemption of shares thereafter converted into shares of Common Stock
pursuant to Section 5 hereof no later than the fifth day preceding the applicable Redemption Date
shall be retumed to the Company forthwith upon such conversion. The balance of any funds
deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 6(b) remaining unclaimed at the expiration of
one year following such Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company promptly upon its

written request,

(c) On or after each such Redemption Date, each holder of shares of
Series C Preferred shall surrender such holder’s certificates representing such shares to the
Company in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the
Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears
on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be
canceled. In the event less than all the shares represented by such certificates are redeemed, a
new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares, From and after such
Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price or
the Company is unable to pay the Redemption Price duc to not having sufficient legally available
funds, all rights of the holder of such shares as holder of Series C Preferred (except the right to
receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificates), shall cease
and terminate with respect to such shares; provided that in the event that shares of Series C
Preferred are not redeemed due to a default in payment by the Company or because the Company
does not have sufficient legally available funds, such shares of Series C Preferred shall remain
outstanding and shell be entitled to all of the rights and preferences provided herein until

redeemed.

(a) In the event of a call for redemption of the Series C Preferred, the
Conversion Rights (as defined in Section 5) for the Series C Preferred shall terminate at the close
of business on the last business day preceding the applicable Redemption Date, unless default is
made in payment of the Redemption Price. .

(e) The Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred shall not have any
redemption rights.

7. No REISSUANCE OF SERIES PREFERRED.

- No shares of Series Preferred acquired by the Company by reason of redemption,
purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.

V.

A, The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages ghall be
eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable law.

510955 vSD 18.
Ol. 10. 2006 7:07PM GSC | NO. 3169 2)

B. The Company is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (a8 defined in
Section 317 of the CGCL) for breach of dutyto the Company and its stockholders through bylaw
provisions or through agreements with the agents, or through stockholder resolutions, or
otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the CGCL,
subject, at any time or times that the Company is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, to the
limits on such exoess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the CGCL.

Cc. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

VI.

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Company,
and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Company, of its directors
and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Company
shall be vested in its Board. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board
shall be fixed by the Board in the manner provided in the Bylaws, subject to any restrictions
which may be set forth in this Certificate of Incorporation.

B. The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend of repeal the
Bylaws of the Company, subject to atly restrictions which may be set forth in this Certificate of
Incorporation. The stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws
of the Company, subject to any restrictions which may be set forth in this Certificate of
Incorporation; provided however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series
of stock of the Company required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares
of the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws

of the Company.

C. The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

Poe ee

FOUR: This Amonded and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of this corporation.

FIVE: This Amended and Restated Certifleate of Incorporation was approved by
the holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accordance with Section 228 —
ofthe DGCL. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL by the stockholders of this

corporation.

510983 vo/SD 19,
OC. 10, 2006 0 70 7PM GSC NO 3165 OP al

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

§10935 vo/SD 20,
OCI. 10.2006 :G/PM SC Nb)

IN WItNEss WHEREOF, ALTHEA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. has caused this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be cigned by its Co-Presidents and Co-Chief Executive

Officers this 10" day of October, 2006.

ALTHEA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By:__/s/ Francois H. Ferré

Name:_Frangois H. Ferré
Title: Co-President and Co-Chief Execntive

Officer

By:__/s/ Magda Marquet
Name:_Magda Marquet___
Title: Co-President and Co-Chief Bxecutive

Officer

510955 vS/5D
