A0622654 ng “ FILED

i the office of the Secretary of Siaw
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION ¢ the State of Catfomnia
or YAN E 9-5. My
Cina
ALTIERRE CORP i
E CORPORATION “EVIN SHELLEY, of Stat

The undersigned. Seott Sayena and Anurag Goel. certify that:

1, They are the duly elected and acting President and Chief Executive Officer, and
Secretary, respectively, of Altierre Corporation, a California corporation.

2. The Arucies of Incorporation of this Corporation are amended and restated to read
in full as follows:

ARTICLE I

The name of the Corporation is Altierre Corporation (hereinafter, the “Corporation’’).

ARTICLE I]

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III

A. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common Stock”). The
‘utal number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is seventy
million (70,000,000). The total number of shares of Preferred Stock this Corporation shall have
authority to issue is twenty million (20,000,000). The total number of shares of Common Stock
this Corporation shall have authority to issue is fifty million (50,000,600).

B. The Preferred Stock shall be divided into one or more series. The first series shall
consist of twenty million (20,000,000) shares and is designated “Series A Preferred Stock.” At
the time these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation shall become effective, each
share of Series A Preferred Stock that is issued and outstanding at such time shall be, and hereby
is, split and converted into 1.0332 fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series A Preferred
Stock (the “Stock Split”). Each outstanding stock certificate of the Corporation, which,
immediately prior to the time these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation shall
become effective, represented one or more shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall, upon the
effectiveness of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and thereafter, be deemed
to represent the appropriate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, taking into account the
Stock Split, until such old stock certificate is exchanged for a new stock certificate reflecting the
appropriate number of shares resulting from the Stock Split. Upon surrender by a holder of
Series A Preferred Stock of a certificate or certificates for Series A Preferred Stock, duly
endorsed. at the office of the Corporation, the Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter,

-|-

OO TKRS 1082
issue and deliver at such office to such holder, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a
new certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled as a result of the Stock Split. No fractional share resul:ing from the Stock
Split shall be issued. All shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be aggregated for purposes of
determining whether the Stock Split would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If the
Stock Split would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, the
Corporation shall, in licu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder ott -rwise entitled to
such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date of the
Stock Split (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

C. The powers, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other matters relating to the
Series A Preferred Stock ure as follows:

1. Dividends.

(a) The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends at the rate of $0.04 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations or the like with respect to such shares (each, a “Stock Reclassification’) per
annum, payable out of funds legally available therefor. Such dividends shall be payable only
when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be noncumulative.

No right shall accrue to holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock by reason of the
fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year, nor shall any unpaid
dividend bear or accrue any interest.

(b) No dividends or other distributions shall be made with respect to the
Common Stock in any fiscal year, other than dividends payable solely in Common Stock, unless
dividends have been paid to or declared and set apart for payment upon all shares of Series A
Preferred Stock at the above rate for such period, and unless ail other declared dividends have
been paid to or declared and set apart upon all shares of Series A Preferred Stock during that
fiscal year. In any given fiscal year, after the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have received
their dividend preference as set forth above, any dividends declared by the Board of Directors
out of funds legally available therefor shall be distributed pro rata among all outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock on an as-converted basis.

2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shail
be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus
funds of the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership
thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) $1.00 for each outstanding share of Series A
Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any Stock Reclassification with respect to such shares) and
(ii) an amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on such shares for each share of
Series A Preferred Stock then held by them. If, upon the occurrence of such liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets and funds thus distributed among the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such

t
ts

GOIRBS Oy?
holders of the full aforesaid preferential amount, then the entire assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for distributior shall be distributed ratably among the holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) After payment of the liquidation preference set forth in Section C.2(a)
above, the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation shall be distributed pro rata among the
holders of the Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock (on an as-converted basis); provided,
however, that once the aggregate per share consideration distributed to the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock pursuant to Section C.2(a) and this Section C.2(b) equals $2.50 (as adjusted for
any Stock Reclassification with respect to such shares), then the entire remaining assets and
tunds of the Corporation legally available for distribution, if any, shall thereafter be distributed
ratably among the holders of the Common Stock (with no further payments to the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock by reason of their ownership thereof).

(c) For purposes of this Section C.2, any of the following shall be treated as a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation and shall entitle the holders of Scries A
Preferred Stock and Common Stock to receive at the closing in cash, securities or other property
(valued as provided in Section C.2(d) hereof) amounts as specified in Sections C.2(a) and C.2(b)
hereof: (i) any acquisition of the Corporation by means of merger or other form of corporate
reorganization in which outstanding shares of the Corporation are exchanged for or converted
int securities or other consideration issued, or caused to be issued, by the aco: ring corporation
or its direct or indirect subsidiary (other than a mere reincorporation transac’) ad in which
the holders of the Corporation’s outstanding voting stock immediately priot uch acquisition
own, inmmediately after such acquisition, securities representing less than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power of the Corporation or other entity surviving such acquisition or (ii) a sale of all
or substantiaily all of the assets of the Corporation.

(d) Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section C.2 shall be payable
it} Securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution shall be the fair market
value of such securities or other property as determined in good faith by at least 75% of the
Board of Directors,

(c) Notwithstanding subsections 2(a) and (b) above, solely for purposes of
determining the portion of the assets and funds to be distributed under this Section C.2 that each
holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive with respect to a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, if any amount of the assets and funds to be
distributed is distributed to the shareholders after the date of the consummation of a liquidation.
dissolution or winding up (a “Closing’), such as earnout payments, escrow amounts or other
contingent payments (such amounts, the ‘“Heldback Funds”), then on each date that all or a
portion of the Heldback Funds (the “Distributed Funds’) is paid to the shareholders (each, 2
‘Payment Date”), each holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the Closing shall be entitled to receive on such Payment Date, an amount equal to the
greater of: (A) the amount of the Distributed Funds to which such shareholder would have been
entitled (after taking into account the operation of this subsection 2(e) with respect to the

-3-

GOVT Gy?
Series A Preterred Stock and treating the distributions made upon such Payment Date and all
prior Payment Dates as having been made simultaneously upon the Closing) pursuant to
subsections 2(a) and (b) above, and (B) the amount of the Distributed Funds to which such
shareholder would have been entitled if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock had converted to
Common Stock under Section C.4 below immediately prior to the Closing; provided. however.
that the aggregate amount received by such shareholder (at the Closing of the liquidation,
dissolution or winding up together with all Payment Dates) shall not exceed the greater of (i) the
total amount a holder of a share of Series A Preferred Stock would be entitled to receive pursuant
to subsections 2(a) and (b), and (ii) the total amount a share of Series A Preferred Stock would
be entitled to receive as if such share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been converted to
Common Stock under Section C.4 below immediately prior to the Closing. If holders of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock are treated as if they had converted such shares into Common Stock
pursuant to this subsection 2(e), then such holders shall not be entitled to receive any
distributions payable to a holder of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to subsections 2(a) and (b)
above, and shall instead be entitled only to receive any amounts payable to holders of Common
Stock pursuant to subsection 2(b).

3. Voting Rights; Directors.

(a) Each holder of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
the number of votes equal to the greatest number of shares of Common Stock into which such
shares of Series A Preferred Stock are then convertible and shall have voting rights and powers
equal to the voting rights and powers of the Common Stock (except as otherwise expressly
provided herein or as required by law, voting together with the Common Stock as a single class)
and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the
Corporation. In all cases, any fractional share. determined on an aggregate conversion basis.
shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to
one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock held.

(b) There shall be a total of five (5) directors, elected as follows:

(i) The holders of Common Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board of Directors.

(ii) | The holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.
shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board of Directors.

(iii) | The remaining director shall be elected by the holders of the oulstanding
shares of Common Stuck and Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.

(c) In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring among the
directors elected by the holders of Common Stock pursuant tu Section C.3(b)(i) hereof, the
holders of Common Stock, voting together as a single class, shall elect a successor or successors
to hold the office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or places shall
be vacant. In the case of any vacancy in the office ofa director occurring among the directors
elected by the holders of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to Section C.3(b)(ii) hereof, the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, shall elect a successor to

-4.

OOIKBS1ON2
hold the office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or places shall be
vacant. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring among the directors
elected by the holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to

Section C.3(b)(iii) hereof, the holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock. voting
together as a single class, shall elect a successor to hold the office for the unexpired term of the
director or directors whose place or places shall be vacant.

(d) Any director who shall have been elected by the holders of Common
Stock pursuant to Section C.3(b)(i) hereof, or any director so elected as provided in
Section C,3(c) hereof, may be removed during the aforesaid term of office without cause by the
affirmative vote of the holders of Common Stock and subject to the provisions of California
Corporations Code Section 303. Any director who shall have been elected by the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to Section C.3(b)(ii) hereof. or any director so elected as
provided in Section C.3(c) hereof, may be removed during the aforesaid term of office without
cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of Series A Preferred and subject to the provisions of
California Corporations Code Section 303. Any director who shall have been elected by the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a single class,
pursuant to Section C.3(b)(iii) hereof, or any director so elected as provided in Section C.3(c)
hereof, may be removed during the aforesaid term of office without cause by the affirmetive vote
of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a singi= class,
and subject to the provisions of California Corporations Code Section 303.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right To Convert. Subject to subsection (d) of this Section C.4, each
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof. at any
time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent
for the Series A Preferred Stock into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original Series A Issue Price (as defined below)
by the Series A Conversion Price (as defined below), in effect on the date the certificate is
surrendered for conversion. The Origina! Series A Issue Price shall be $0.50 (as adjusted for any
Stock Reclassification). The initial Series A Conversion Price per share shall be the Original
Series A Issue Price; provided, however, that the Series A Conversion Price shall be subject io
adjustment as set forth in subsection (d) below; provided further, that if, on or before
June 21, 2005. (i) the Corporation has not issued and sold a total of at least 16,000,000 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any Stock Reclassification) at a purchase price equal to
at least the Original Series A Issue Price and (ii) the Corporation and Kroger Company (or an
affiliate thereof, “Kroger”) have not entered into a memorandum of understanding, letter of
intent or similar agreement requiring (subject to those parties entering into related definitive
agreements) Kroger to evaluate the Corporation’s products and Kroger to apply sufficient
resources to evaluate those products in the field, then on June 21, 2005, the Series A Conversion
Price will be adjusted to equal (.6 times the Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Series A Conversion Price then

-5-

GOK (Oy 2
“in effect at such time immediately upon the earlier of (i) the date specified by vote or written
consent or agreement of holders of at least a majority of the shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock then outstanding, voting together as a single class, or (ii) immediately upon the closing of
the sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) (other than a
registration relating solely to a transaction under Rule 145 under such Securities Act (or any
successor thereto) or to an employce benefit plan of the Corporation) with gross proceeds to the
Corporation (before payment of underwriters’ discounts and commissions) of at least
$75,000,000 and at a price of at least $1.50 (as adjusted for any Stock Reclassification).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Before any holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled voluntarily
to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor. duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for
such stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that such holder elects
to convert the same (except that no such written notice of election to convert shall be necessary
in the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section C.4(b) hereof) and shall state therein
the number of shares to be converted and the name or names in which such holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation shall, as
soon us practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Series A
Preferred Stock a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which
such holder shall be entitled. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to
be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such
shares of Common Stock on such date.

(ii) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of
securities pursuant to the Securities Act. the conversion may, at the option of any holder
tendering shares of Series A Preferved Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing
with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering. in which event the
person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall not be deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred Stock until immediately prior to
the closing of such sale of securities. If the conversion occurs through the vote of the holders of
at least a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding, such conversion
shall be deemed to have been made at the close of business on the day written notice of such
election has been received by the Corporation or such later date as set forth in such written
notice, and the person or persons entitled to receive shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or hoiders of suck shares of
Common Stock on such date. Until certificates for such shares of the Series A Prefirred Stock
which has been converted have been delivered to the Corporation for exchange for certificates
representing such Common Stock, such certificates shall be deemed to represent the shares of
Comnicn Stock into which such Series A Preferred Stock has been converted.

OO WRSOy?
(d) Adjustnents to Series A Conversion Price for Certain Diluting Issues.

(1) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section C.4(d), the following

definitions apply:

60384 1002

(A) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase
or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as hercinafter
defined).

(B) “Series A Issue Date” shall mean the date on which the first share of
Series A Preferred Stock was issued.

(C) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness,
outstanding shares or other outstanding securities convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock.

(D) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shal] mean all shares of Common
Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section C.4(d)(iii) hereof, deemed to be issued) by the
Corporation after the Series A Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable:

(1) upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

(2) to employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants or
advisors of the Corporation under incentive agreements, stock purchase or stock
option plans, stock bonuses or awards, warrants, contracts or other arrangements,
as approved by the Board of Directors or an authorized committee thereof;
provided, that the aggregate number of such shares of Common Stock then issued
(or deemed tu be issued pursuant to Section C.4(d)(iii) hereof) and outstanding
does not exceed nine million three hundred fifty-seven thousand one hundred
forty-three (9,357,143) shares less any shares issuable or issued upon exercise of
any Options or Convertible Securities outstanding as of the Series A Issue Date
and any shares issuable upon the conversion or exercise thereof (as adjusted for
any Stock Reclassification and to be calculated net of any repurchases of such
shares by the Company and net of any such expired or terminated options,
warrants or rights):

(3) upon exercise of any Options or Convertible Securities outstanding
as of the Series A Issue Date, and any securities issuable upon the conversion or
exercise thereof;

(4) in connection with a Stock Reclassification pursuant to
Section C.4(e) hereof;

(5) as a dividend or distribution on Series A Preferred Stock;
(6) Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the sale of the
Corporation’s Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering
registered under the Securities Act;

(7) to parties who are either (A) actual or potential suppliers.
customers or strategic partners investing in connection with a commercial
relationship with the Corporation, or (B) providing the Corporation with
equipment leases, real property leases, loans, credit lines, guarantees of
indebiedness, cash price reductions or entering into similar transactions with the
Corporation, in each case as approved by the Board of Directors and the holders
of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

(8) pursuant to the acquisition of another corporation or entity
pursuant to a consolidation, merger. purchase of all or substantially all of the
assets of such entity or other reorganization (other than a mere reincorporation
transaction) in which the Corporation acquires, in a single transaction or series of
related transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of such entity or fifty
percent (50%) or more of the equity ownership in such entity; provided, that such
transaction or series of transactions is approved unanimously by the Board of
Directors; or

(9) in a transaction or a series of related transactions (i) that would
otherwise result in an adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price pursuant to
Section C.4(d)(iv) below and (ii) that is approved by (y) the holders of at least a
majority of the then-ou.standing shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (z) the
Board of Directors.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, no adjustment in the Series A Conversion Price shall be made in respect of the
issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per share (determined
pursuant to Section C.4(d)(v) hereof) for an Additional Share of Common Stock issued or
deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the Series A Conversion Price in effect on
the date of, and immediately prior to, such issue.

(iii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Co n Stock. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Series A Issue Date shall issue any
Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of
any class of securities then entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then
the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to
any provisions contained therein designed to protect against dilution) of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and/or Options
therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be
Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record
date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date; provided, that in any
such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issued:

-8-

GORA Hy?
(A) no further adjustments to the Series A Conversion Price shall be made
upon the subsequent issue of Options or Convertible Securities or shares of Common
Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities:

(B) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms provide, with the
passage of time or otherwise, for any increase or decrease in the consideration payable to
the Corporation. or decrease or increase in the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable, upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the Series A Conversion
Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date
with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall. upon any
such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or
decrease insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under
such Convertible Securities (provided, however, that no such adjustment of the Series A
Conversion Price shall affect Common Stock previously issued upon conversion of the
Serics A Preferred Stock);

(C) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of conversion or
exchange under such Convertible Securities that shall not have been exercised, the
Series A Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the
occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based
thereon, shail, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

(1) inthe case of Convertible Securities or Options for Common Stock
the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were the shares of Common
Stock. if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities and the consideration received
therefor was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue
of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration actually
received by the Corporation upon such exercise, or for the issue of all such
Convertible Securities which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the
additional consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation upon such
conversion or exchange, and

(2) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities only the
Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were
issued at the time of issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the
Corporation for the Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been
then issued was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for the
issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration deemed
to have been received by the Corporation (determined pursuant to Section C.4(d)
hereof) upon the issue of the Convertible Securities with respect to which such
Options were actually exercised;

(D) no readjustment pursuant to clause (B) or (C) above shall have the effect
of increasing the Series A Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of
(1) the Series A Conversion Price on the original adjustment date or (2) the Series A

-9.

HUAAyT aN?
Conversion Price that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of
Common Stock between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(fz) in the case of any Options which expire by their terms not more than thirty
(30) days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price
shall be made until the expiration or exercise of all such Options, whereupon such
adjustment shall be made in the same manner provided in clause (C) above.

(iv) Adjustment of Series A Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional
Shares of Common Stock. In the event this Corporation, at any time after the Series A Issue
Date, shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common
Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section C.4(d)(iii) hereof) without consideration or fora
consideration per share less than the Series A Conversion Price in effect o1 the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, the Series A Conversion Price then in
effect shall be reduced, concurrently with such issuance, to a price (calculated to the nearest
cent) determined by multiplying such Series A Conversion Price by a fraction. the numerator of
which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received
by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would
purchase at such Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance, and the
denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such issuance plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.
For the purpose of the above calculation, the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issuance shall be calculated as of the date of conversion on a fully-
diluted basis. as if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock and all Convertible Securities had been
fully converted into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such issuance and any
outstanding Options had been fully exercised immediately prior to such issuance (and the
resulting securities fully converted into shares of Common Stock, if so convertible), but not
including in such calculation any additional shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Convertible Securities or outstanding Options, solely as a
result of the adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price (or other conversion ratios) resulting
from the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock causing such adjustment.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section C.4(d), the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issuance of any Additional Shares of Common
Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(1) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate amount
of cash received by the Corporation, excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or accrued dividends;

(2) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be computed at
the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors; and

-10-

OOVKR SLD?
(3) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for
consideration that covers both, he the proportion of such consideration so
received, computed as provided in clauses (1) and (2) above, as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) = Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share received
by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed ts nave been issued
pursuant to Section C.4(d)(iii) hereof. relating to Options and Convertible Securities,
shall be determined by dividing:

(1) the total amount, if any. received or receivable by the Corporation
as consideration for the issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus
the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relaiing thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein
designed to protect against dilution) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise
of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities. or
in the case of Options for Convertitle Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, by

(2) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in
the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein
designed to protect against the dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such
Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(e) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Stock Dividends and for
Combinations or Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that this Corporation at any time
or [rom time to time after the Series A Issue Date shall declare or pay, without consideration, any
dividend on the Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common
Stock for no consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification or
otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common
Stock), or in the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or
consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock.
then the Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such event shall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such event, be proportionately decreased or increased, as appropriate.

In the event that this Corporation shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the
Common Stock payable in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration, then the
Corporation shall be deemed to have made a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of

shares equal to the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire
Common Stock.

(f) Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or

-}-

HOURS Oy?
a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section C.4(e) hereof or a merger or other reorganization referred to in

Section C.2(c) hereof), the Series A Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted so that the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common
Stock that the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of such
other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock that would
have bern subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock
immediately before that change.

(z) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Articles
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger.
dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the
Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all of the provisions of
this Section C.4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock against
impairment.

(h) Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Serics A Conversion Price pursuant to this Section C.4, the Corporation, at
its expense and upon the request of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, shall promptly
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and
furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock a certificate executed by the Corporation’s
President or Chief Financial Officer or other executive officer setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth
(i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the applicable Series A Conversion Price at the time
in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other
property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall propose at
any time: (A) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out
of earnings or earned surplus; (B) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or
series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights; (C) to effect
any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock outstanding involving a change in
the Common Stock; or (D) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, or sell,
lease or convey all or substantially all of its assets, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up; then, in
connection with each such event, the Corporation shall send to the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock:

(i) at least ten (10) days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record
shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and specifying the date on

-12-

GOURRSTON?
which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote, if
any, in respect of the matters referred to in (C) and (D) in Section C.4(i) above: and

(it) in the case of the matters referred to in (C) and (D) in Section C 4(i)
above, at least ten (10) days” prior written notice of the anticipated date when the samie shall take
place (and specifying the anticipated date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon the
occurrence of such event).

(j) Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes
that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on
conversion of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the Corporation
shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested by any
hoider in connection with any such conversion.

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at
all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,

solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock; and if at any time the
number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then-outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation will
take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purpose, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite
shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to the Articles of Incorporation.

(I) Fractional Shares. No fractional share shal! be issued upon the conversion
of any share or shares of Series A Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series A Preferred Stock
by a holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion
would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the
Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise entitled to
such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date of
conversion (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

(m) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section C.4 to be
given to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in
the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation.

5. Restrictions and Limitations.

(a) So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the
Corporation shal! not, without the vote or written consent by the holders of a majority of the
then-outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:

-13-

GO VRBS TOs)
(i) Effect any amendment of or change to any provision of the Corporation’s
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws that alters or changes the rights. preferences, privileges or
restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock (other than the creation of a new series of Preferred
Stock that is junior to the Series A Preferred Stock in rights. preferences. privileges or
restrictions);

(i) Any reclassification of outstanding shares or securities into shares or
securities having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with the rights.
preferences, privileges or restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock;

(iii) Authorize shares of any class of stock having rights. preferences,
privileges or restrictions senior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock:

(iv) Inerease or decrease (other than by redemption or conversion) the total
number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock:

(v) Consummate any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into
one or more other entities in which the shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the
consummation of such transaction hold, immediately after the consummation of such transaction,
stock representing less than a majority of the voting power of the outstanding stock of the
surviving entity (other than for the purpose of changing the Corporation’s domicile and other
than pursuant to a sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets);

(vi) | Consummate the sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets.
(vii) Effect the liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation:

(viii) Declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock (other than a dividend
payable solely in shares of Common Stock);

(ix) | Amend the Corporation’s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws to change
the authorized number of members of the Board of Directors; or

(x) | Materially and adversely alter or change the rights. preferences, privileges
or restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock by means of an amendment to the Corporation's
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or a merger, recapitalization or reorganization of the
Corporation.

6. Redemption.

(a) Upon the election of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding made within sixty (60) days after the fifth (5)
anniversary of the Series A Issue Date (the “Initial Series A Redemption Date”). the Corporation
shall, within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Corporation of a written request from such
holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock that all
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock be redeemed. and concurrently with surrender by
such holders of the certificates representing such shares, the Corporation shall. to the extent it
may lawfully do so, redeem all of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock in three (3)

-|4-

GUVER SEO?
equal annual installments (each a “Redemption Date”) in accordance with the procedures set
forth in this Section C.6, by paying in cash therefor a sum per share equal to (i) the Original
Series A Issue Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any Stock
Reclassification with respect to such shares) plus (ii) all accrued but unpaid dividends on such
shares (the “Series A Redemption Price’). Any redemption effected pursuant to this
subsection 6(a) shall be made on a pro rata basis among the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then held by such
holders.

(b) As used herein and in subsections 6(c) and (d) below, the term
“Redemption Date” shall refer to the “Initia! Series A Redemption Date” and each subsequent
“Series A Redemption Date” and the term “Redemption Price” shall refer to the “Series A
Redemption Price.” At least seven (7) but no more than thirty (30) days prior tc each
Redemption Date, written notice shall be mailed, first class postage prepaid, to each holder of
record (at the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the day on which
such nurice is given) of the Series A Preferred Stock, at the address last shown on the records of
the Corporation for such holder, notifying such holder of the redemption to be effected,
specifying the number of shares to be redeemed from such holder, the Redemption Date, the
Redemption Price, the place at which payment may be obtained and calling upon such holder to
surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, his, her or its certificate
or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed (the “Redemption Notice”). Except as
provided in subsection 6(c) on or after the Redemption Date, each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock shall surrender te the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing such shares, in
the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption
Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such
certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be cancelled.
In the event less than all the shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new
certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares.

(c) From and after the Redemption Date. unless there shall have been a
default in payment of the Redemption Price, all rights of the holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption Notice as holders of Series A
Preferred Stock (except the right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender
of their certificate or certificates) shall cease with respect to such shares, and such shares shall
not ticreaftcr be transferred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for
any purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem the total
number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds that are
legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares ratably
among the holders of such shares to be redeemed based upon their holdings of Series A Preferred
Stock. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock not redeemed on a particular Redemption Date
shall remain outstanding and entitled to all of the rights and preferences provided herein. At any
time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation are legally available for the redemption
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. such funds will immediately be used to redeem the balance
of the shares which the Corporation has becume obliged to redeem on any Redemption Date but
which it has not redeemed.

GOV S105 2
(d) On or prior to each Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit the
Redemption Price of all shares of Series A Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the.
Redemption Notice, and not yet redeemed or converted, with a bank or trust corporation having
apereuate capital and surplus in excess of $100.000.000 as a trust fund for the benefit of the
respective holders of the shares designated for redemption and not yet redeemed, with
irrevocable instructions and authority to the bank or trust corporation to publish the notice of
redemption thereof and pay the Redemption Price for such shares to their respective holders on
or after the Redemption Date. upon receipt of notification from the Corporation that such holder
has surrendered his. her or its share certificate to the Corporation pursuant to subsection (3)(b)
above. As of the date of such deposit (even if prior to the Redemption Date), the deposit shall
constitute full payment of the shares to their holders, and from and after the date of the deposit
the shares so called for redemption shall be redeemed and shall be deemed to be no longer
outstanding. and the holders thereof shall cease to be stockholders with respect to such shares
and shall have no rights with respect thereto except the rights to receive from the bank or trust
corporation payment of the Redemption Price of the shares, without interest. upon surrender of
their certificates therefor. and the right to convert such shares as provided in Article 1V(B)(4)
hereof. Such instructions shall also provide that any moneys deposited oy the Corporation
pursuant to this subsection (3)(d) for the redemption of shares thereafter converted into shares of
Coinmon Stock pursuant to Article 1V(B)(4) hereof prior to the Redemption Date shall be
returned to the Corporation forthwith upon such conversion. The balance of any moneys
deposited by the Corporation pursuant to this subsection (3)(d) remaining unclaimed at the
expiration of two (2) years following the Redemption Date shall thereafter be returned to the
Corporation upon its request expressed in a duly adopted resolution of its Board of Directors.

7. No Reissuance of Series A Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Series A
Preferred Stuck acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or
otherwise shall be reissued. and all such shares shall be canceled, retired and eliminated from the
shares which the Corporation shall be authorized to issue.

ARTICLE IV

A. Limitation on Directors’ Liability. The liability of directors of the Corporation
for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. Indemnification of Corporate Agents. The Corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) for
breach of duty to the Corporation and its shareholders through bylaw provisions, agreements
with agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, to the fullest exteiit
permissible under California law. If, after the effective date of this Article IV, California law is
amended in a manner that permits a company to linit the monetary or other liability of its
directors or to authorize indemnification of, or advancement of such defense expenses to, its
directors or other persons, in any such case to a greater extent than is permitted on such effective

date, the references in this Article IV to “California law” shall to that extent be deemed to refer
to California law as so amended.

-16-

HOES ENS 2
C. Repeal or Modification. Any amendment. repeal or modification of any provision
of this Article IV shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Corporation
existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

1, The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has
been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

2, The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Corporation's Articles of
Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with
Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing
amendment is 13.179,117. The total number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment is 3,968,257. The number of shares
voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote
required was (i) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
voling together as a single class, (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock. voting together as a single class and (iii) more than fifty percent (50%)
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
cluss.

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]

-[7-

COUNKS Tuy?
We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that
the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our knowledge.

Dated: January 18, 2005

-18-

29885 1002
A0639876
25 |Osoe cILEDA4S

J@ Office of the Secretary of St.
of the State of California

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF )

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
ALTIERRE CORPORATION
The undersigned, Sunit Saxena and Anurag Goel, certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Chief Executive Officer, and
Secretary, respectively, of Altierre Corporation, a California corporation (the “Corporation”).

2. Paragraphs A and B of Article III of the Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation of this Corporation are amended in their entirety to read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE JI

“A. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock’’) and Common Stock (“Common Stock”). The
tctal number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 83,950,000.
Tne total number of shares of Preferred Stock this Corporation shal] have authority to issue is
26,950,000, The total number of sharcs of Common Stock this Corporation shal! have authority
to issue is 57,000,000.

“B. The Preferred Stock shall be divided into one or more series. The first series shall]
consist of 26,950,000 shares and is designated ‘Series A Preferred Stock.””

ore

3. The foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

4, The foregoing amendnsent of the Amended and Restated Articles of corporation
has been duly approved by the requued vote of shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 of
the California Cezporations Code. The total sumber of outstanding shares of Common Stock
entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was | 3,563,652, and the total number
of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect
to the foregoing amendment was 20,350,000, voting together as a single class on an #-converted
to Common Stock basis. The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was (i) more than fifty percem (50%)
of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and Common Stock voting together as a single class
on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock voting separately as a class and (iii) more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock voting separately as a class.

ses
We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of Califomia that
the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Dated: January 27, 2006.

500097842
