Best Copy Available

ZS lOeoe ciLe Ae
We Uffice of the Secretary of s
a; the State of Califomia
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF NOV 22 2095
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
ALTIERRE CORPORATION

The undersigned, Sunit Saxena and Anurag Goel, certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting-President and Chief Executive Officer, : ‘and:
Secretary, respectively, of Altierre Corporation, a California corporation (the “Corporation”). °-

2. Paragraphs A and B of Article III of the Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation of this Corporation are amended in their entirety to read in full as follows:

ARTICLE Ili

. “A. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to.be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common- Stock’): The. ="
. total number of shares of capital stock that the. Corporation: is euthorized to issue is eighty-five het
_ million three hundred and fifty thousand (85,350; 000). The total number of: shares’ of Preferred :
Stock this Corporation shall have authority to issue is twenty-seven million six hundred and fifty ya
thousand (27,650,000), The total number of shares of Common Stock this Corporation: shall-h have Dae
authority to issue is fifty-seven million seven hundred thousand (57,700,000).”

“B. The Preferred Stock shall be divided into one or more sezies. The first series shall
consist of twenty-seven million six hundred and fifty thousand (27,650,000) shares and is
designated ‘Series A Preferred Stock.’”

eo

3. The foregoing amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

4. The foregoing smendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Section 902 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was 14,164,277, and the total number
of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect
to the foregoing amendment was 26,399,999, voting together asa single class on an as-converted
to Common Stock basis. The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was (i) more than fifty percent (50%)
of the outstanding shares of Prefered Stock and Common Stock voting together as a single class
on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock voting separately as a class and (iii) more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock voting separately as a class.

eee
We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California tnat
the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Dated: November {7 2006.

Title: President Chief Executive Officer

) ol.

Name: Anurag

Title: Secretary .. .
