"the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of California

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF JUN 0 9 2095
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
ALTIERRE CORPORATION
The undersigned, Sunit Saxena and Anurag Goel, certify that:

L. They are the duly elected and acting President and Chief Executive Officer, and
Secretary, respectively, of Altierre Corporation, a California corporation (the “Corporation”.

2. Paragraphs A and B of Article I of the Amended and Restated Articles of
incorporation of this Corporation are amended in their entirety to read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE HI

“A. — This Corporation is authorized to issuc two classes of stock to be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common Stock”). The
total number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is seventy-ei ght
million (78,000,000), The total number of shares of Preferred Stock this Corporation shall have
authority to issue is twenty-four million (24,000,000). The total number of shares of Common
Stock this Corporation shall have authority to issue is fifty-four million (54,000,000).

“B. The Preferred Stock shall be divided into one or more series. The first series shall
consist of twenty-four million (24,000,000) shares and is designated “Series A Preferred stock.”

eA

3, The foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation has becn dul y
approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

4, The foregoing amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation
has been duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Scetions 902 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was 13,079,116, and the total number
of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stack of the Corporation entitled to vole with respect
to the foregoing amendment was 18,150,000, voting together as a single class on an as-converted
to Common Stock basis. ‘The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was (i) more than fifty percent (50%)
of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and Common Stock voting together as a single class
on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock voting separately as a class and (iii) more than tifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock voting separately as a class.

eh‘

COMSTATS |

We further dectare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that
the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Dated: June. g, 2005. Maen

Lat / Cee
( Sunt Saxena”

Presideéiif and Chief Executive Officer
’ 4! ’
Anurag Go
Secretary

cl

GOMRORI v1

