PN nn

10548082 .

In the office of the Secretary of State

of the State of California
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION JUL 2 7 2008

OF
. 7 ALTRA INC. @)

Lawrence S. Gross certifies that:

A. He is the President and Secretary of Altra Inc., a California corporation (the

B. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are hereby amended and restated
to read as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is Altra Inc.
ARTICLE I

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized 1 under the General | Corporation, Law of Califarnia agher than the

banking’ businesé,-the trust company business of ie practice cf F profession’ permitted’to be os

incorporated by the California Corporations Code.
ARTICLE III

Section A. Authorized Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of
stock to be designated respectively Common Stock (“Common Stock”) and Preferred Stock
(“Preferred Stock”). The total number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is
authorized to issue is 333,014,778. The total number of shares of Common Stock the
Corporation shall have authority to issue is 185,000,000. The total number of shares of Preferred
Stock the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 148,014,778, of which 63,681,445 shares
shall be designated as Series A Preferred Stock (“Series A Preferred Stock”), 8,333,333 shares
shall be designated as Series B-1 Preferred Stock (“Series B-1 Preferred Stock”) and
76,000,000 shares shall be designated as Series B-2 Preferred Stock (“Series B-2 Preferred
Stock” and together with the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the “Series B Preferred Stock”). The
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall sometimes be referred to herein as

the “Preferred Stock.” Both the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock shall have no par
value.

Section B. Preferred Stock. The powers, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other
matters relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and the Series B-
2 Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends.

(a) From and after the date of issuance of any shares of Preferred

100023387 9 DOC

oe oe . Se ee recent eee 19 COT ms ETI EE er NE

7
Pert

“
ee

Also paid on the Preferred Stock on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.

Stock and before any dividends payable in cash or other property shall be paid cr declared and
set aside for any other series or class of capital stock of the Corporation (other than Preferred
Stock), the holders of any shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of
any assets legally available therefor, at the rate of 8% of the Applicable Original Issue Price (as .
defined in Section B.2(a)(i) of this Article III) for each outstanding share of Preferred Stock per oak
annum (as adjusted for any stock dividends, recapitalizations, combinations or splits ae
(collectively, ‘‘Recapitalizations”)), compounding annually. Such dividends shall accrue from
day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative; provided, however, that such
dividends shall be payable only (i) when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation (the “Board of Directors”), (ii) upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, or (iii) in connection with a Liquidation Event (as
defined in Section B.24) of this Article III) in which such Preferred Stock is not converted.

(b) So long as any shares of Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, no | :
dividends shall be paid on any Common Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year of the
Corporation until all accrued and unpaid dividends (as set forth in Section B.1(a) of this Article
IU) on the Preferred Stock shall have been paid or declared and set apart, and no dividends on
the Common Stock shall be paid unless the amount of such dividend on the Common Stock is

-. - « bd
nana’ ~ 7 ee 4 . co

2. Liquidat ion Preference, . “ ~ ts

(a) in the event of a ! iquidation Event or any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, (x) in which the Equity
Valuation (as defined in Section B.2(c) of this Article III) of the Corpcration is an amount
greater than $250 million and (y) that occurs on or prior to the third anniversary of the date on
which the first share of Series A Preferred Stock was issued (the “Series A Original Issge
Date”):

(i) First, the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive from the assets of the Corporation legally available for distrioution to shareholders, prior
and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the
Common Stock or any other series or class of capital stock of the Corporation (other than
Preferred Stock) by reason of their ownership thercof, an amount per share equal to the
Applicable Original Issue Price per share for each outstanding share of Preferred Stock (as
adjusted for any Recapitalizations with respect to such shares) p/us an amount equal to all
accrued but unpaid dividends on each such share; provided, however, that, if the assets and funds
thus distributed among the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to
receive under Section B.2(a)i) of this Article Iil, then the entire assets and funds of the
Corporation legaliy available for distribution to shareho!ders shall be distributed ratably among
the holders of the Preferred Stock based on the proportion ef (x) the full preferential amount each
such holder is otherwise entitled to receive under Section B.2(2\i) of this Article II] in relation
to (y) the aggregate preferential amount al! such holders are entitied to rece've under Section
B.2(aXi) of this Article II. For purposes of this Article Ill, “Applicable Original Issue Price”
shall mean $1.00 per share for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, $1.65 per share for each
share of Serie: B-1 Preferred Stock and $3.32 per share for each share of Series B-2 Preferred

10023387 9 DO 2

Py
wee:
Stock.

(ii) Second, after the distributions to holders of Preferred Stock
- described in Section B.2(a)(i) of this Article II] have been fully paid, all of the remaining assets
of the Corporation legaity available for distribution to shareholders shall be distributed ratably
among the holders of Common Stock.

(b) In the event of a Liquidation Event or any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, (x) in which the Equity
Valuation of the Corporation is equal to or less than $250 million, whenever occurring, or (y)
that occurs after the third anniversary of the Series A Original Issue Date (in the case of this
Section B.2(b) of this Article 111, regardless of whether the Equity Valuation of the Corporation
is equal to, greater than or less than $250 million):

(i) First, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive from the assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to shareholders, prior
and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the
Common Stock or any other series or class of capital stock of the Corporation (other than
Preferred Stock) by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the
Applicable Original Issue Price per share for each outstanding share of Preferred Stock (as
adjusted for any Recapitalizations with respect to such shares) plus an amount equal to all
‘accrued but Unpaid dividends on each such share; provided, however, that, if the assets and funds
thus distributed among the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be insifficient:o permit the .
payment to such holders of the full preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to
receive under Section B.2(b)i) of this Article III, then the entire assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for distribution to shareholders shall be distributed ratably among
the holders of the Preferred Stock based on the proportion of (x) the full preferential amount each
such holder is otherwise entitled to receive under Section B.2(b)(i) of this Article [II in relation
to (y) the aggregate preferential amount all such holders are entitled to receive under Section
B.2(b)(i) of this Article II].

(ii) Second, after the distributions to holders of Preferred Stock
described in Section B.2(b){i) of this Article II] have been fully paid, all of the remaining assets
of the Corporation legally available for distribution to shareholders shall be distributed among
the holders of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock (on an as-converted to Common Stock
basis) on a pro rata basis.

(c) “Equity Valuation” shall mean the aggregate value of the actual
consideration received by holders of capital stock, or ar; securities convertible into,

exchangeable for, or exercisable for shares of capital stock of the Corporation upon a Liquidation
Event, excluding any adjustments for assumption of indebtedness. Equity Valuation shall nct be

deemed to be the enterprise value of the Corporation (which does include assumption of
indebtedness).

(d) “Liquidation Event” shall mean any of the following events
(unless the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis, shall determine otherwise): (i) a

100023347 9 POC 3

me onelabcbits | ass ict:
2 —

-

oyein me amen

sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation in a single transaction or series of
related transactions or (ii) a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization (or series of
related mergers, consolidations or corporate reorganization), whether effected by the Corporation
or its shareholders, in which holders of the Corporation's voting power prior to such transaction
will hold, after such transaction, less than fifty percent of the voting power of the surviving
entity, without the power to elect a majority of the board of directors of the surviving entity.

(e) In any Liquidation Event, if the consideration received by this
Corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value as determined in the
sole discretion of the Board of Directors. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) If traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq
National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing;

(ii) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shal! be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid and asked prices over the thirty (30) day period
ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(iii) ‘If there is no active public market, the value shall be the

fair hi market value thereof, as determined in the good fajth s sole, discretion of the Board of

Directors. re

(f The Corporation shall give each holder of record of Preferred
Stock written notice of an impending Liquidation Event not later than thirty (30) days prior to the
shareholders’ meeting called to approve such transaction, or thirty (30) days prior to the closing
of such transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final
approval of such transaction. The transaction shall in no event take place earlier than thirty (30)
days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein; provided, however, that
such period may be shortened to a period of no less than ten days upon the written consent of the
holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis.

(g) Nothing in Section B.2 of this Article III shall be deemed to
prohibit any holder of Preferred Stock from converting its Preferred Stock, in accordance with
Section B.4(a) of this Article III, and participating in a Liquidation Event as a holder of Common
Stock in lieu of receiving the proceeds of such Liquidation Event pursuant to Section B.2(a) or
Section B.2(b) of this Article III.

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shal! have conversion rights
as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right To Convert. Subject to Section B.4(d) of this Article II],

each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time
after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for

1QO023 357 9 PK 4
such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is

determined by dividing the Applicable Original Issue Price per share of such share of Preferred
Stock by the Applicable Conversion Price per share (as defined below) in effect at the time that
the certificate is surrendered for conversion for ine Preferred Stock. The initial “Applicable
Coave:sion Price” per share for shares of Preferred Stock shall be the Applicable Original Issue
Price of such share of Preferred Stock; provided that the Applicable Conversion Price per share
of Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section B.4(d) of this Article III.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Applicable Conversion Price per
share of such share of Preferred Stock then in effect upon the earlier of (i) the date specified by
vote or written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis;
provided, however, that, in connection with any Liquidation Event where the quotient of (A) the
Equity Valuation in such Liquidation Event divided by (B) the total number of shares of
Common Stock then outstanding (assuming full conversion or exercise of all securities
convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, but excluding reserved but unissued options
or shares under the Corporation’s stock option plan, restricted stock plan, or other stock plan, if
any), is less than $3.32 (as adjusted for any Recapitalizations with respect to shares of the Series
B-2 Preferred Stock), then, in addition to the vote or written consent or agreement of holders of a
majority of the voting power'of-all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as
a single class on an as-converted basis, as set forth above, the vote or written’consent or -
agreement of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single >'ass on an as-converted basis, shall also be required
prior to an automatic conversion of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section B.3(b)(i) of this Article III, or (ii) immediately upon the closing of the sale of Common
Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), other than a registration relating solely to a transaction
under Rule 145 under the Securities Act or to an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, at a
public offering price (before underwriters’ discounts and expenses) of not less than $5.00 per

{ share (adjusted for any Recapitalizations with respect to the Preferred Stock) with aggregate
proceeds to the Corporation (before deduction for underwriters’ discounts and expenses) which
exceed $40,000,000 (a “Qualified Public Offering”).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

oe Nella ANAL E EL AEN ASLO ot

, : (i) Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitied to
voluntarily convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the principal corporate office of the
| Corporation or of any transfer agent for such stock, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same and shall state therein the
{ number of shares to be converted and the name or names in which such holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation, as soon as
practicable thereafter, shall issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall
be entitled. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close
of business on the date of surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the

1OOWOITIST 9.1K 5

|
|
|
|

TOT antag SS ene nae ete
person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such curversion
shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock
on such date.

(ii) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten
offering of securities pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion may, at the option of any
holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with
the underwriters of the sale of'securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s)
entiticd to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be
deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such
sale of securities

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock

(i) The per share Applicable Conversion Price for each share
of Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment frora time to time as follows:

(A) _ If, after the Series B-2 Original Issue Date (as
defined in Section B.4(d)(v) of this Article III) (1) for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, the
Corporation issues any shares of Additional! Stock (as defined in Section B.4(d\ii) of this Article
II!) (other than shares of Series B-! Preferred Stock or shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock)
without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Applicable Conversion Price
per share for such share of Series A Preferred Stock in eitect immediately prior to the issuance of
“such AdditionalStock,-(H) for each share.of Series B-] Preferred Stock,he Corporation issues
any shares of Additional Stock (other than shares of Series A Preferred Stock or shares of Series -

B-2 Preferred Stock) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the
Applicable Conversion Price per share for such share cf Series B-: Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, and (III) for cach share of Series B-2
Preferred Stock, the Corporation issues any shares of Additional Stock (other than shares of
Series A Preferred Stock or shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock) without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the App!icable Conversion Price per share for such share of
Series B-2 Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock
(in each case, a “Dilutive Issuance”), the Applicable Conversion Price per share for such share
of Preferred Stock shail be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price determined in
accordance with the following formula which is a weighted average formula:

CP2 = CP! * (A+B) /(A+C)

For purposes of the foregoing formula, the tollowing definitions
shall apply:

“CP2” is the Applicable Conversion Price per share for
each share of such Preferred Stock in effect immediately
after the issuance of such Additional Stock.

“CPI” is the Applicable Conversion Price per share for

each share of such Preferred Stock in effect immediately
prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock.

POA IIST O POX 6

!
|

“A” is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
and deemed outstanding immediately prior to the issuance
of such Additional Stock, treating for this purpose as
outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise or conversion of then outstanding securities that
are convertible or exercisable into Common Stock
(including the Preferred Stock).

“B” is the number of shares of Common Stock that would
have been issued if such Additional Stock had been issued
at a price per share equal to CPI (determined by dividing
the aggregate consiueration received by the Corporation in
respect of such issue, as determined below, by CP1).

“C” is the number of shares of such Additional Stock
issued in such transaction.

(B) No adjustment of the Applicable Conversion Price
per share for any share of Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per
share, provided that any adiustments that are not required to be made by reason of this sentence
Shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment
made prior to three (3) years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being

Lurded forward, or shall be made at the end of three (3) years from the date of the event giving
rise to the adjustment being carried forward: Except~o the limited extent provided for in

Sections B.4(di)(E\(3) and B.4(d}iXE){4) of this Article I!], no adjustment of such Applicable ~

Conversion Price pursuant to Section B.4(d)(i) of this Article II] shall have the effect of
increasing the Applicable Conversion Price per share for any share of Preferred Stock above the

Applicable Conversion Price per share for such share of Preferred Stock in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment.

(C) In the case of the issuance of Additional Stock for
cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting
any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by this
Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(D) Inthe case of the issuance of the Additional Stock
for consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be

deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) (In the case of the issuance (whether before, on or
after the applicable date of purchase) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock, securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Additional Stock or options
to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following
provisions shall apply for all purposes of Sections B.4(d)i) and B.4(d){ii) of this Article III:

ql) The aggregate maximum number of shares

SOOO AIS? 9 LOK 7
|

of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
exercisability, including, without limitation, the passage of time) of such options to purchase or
rights to subscribe for Common Stock shali be deemed to have been issued at the time such
options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in
the manner provided in Sections B.4(d)(iXC) and B.4(d){i)(D) of this Article III), if any, received
by this Corporation upon the issuance of such opticns or rights plus the minimum exercise price
provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock covered thereby.

(2) The aggregate maximum number of shares
«af Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of, or in exchange (assurning the satisfaction of

any conditions to convertibility or exchangeability, including, without limitation, the passage of
time) for any such convertible or exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to
purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent
conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities
were issued or such options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the
consideration, if any, received by this Corporation for any such securities and related options or
rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrucd interest or accrued dividends), plus the
minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by this Corporation upon the
conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related options or rights (the

_ consideration i in each case to be determined i in the manner provided in Sections B.4(d)(i(C) and
B.4(d)(iX(D) of this “Article Hb). -- . ¢

~- ~

(3) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to this Corporation upon
exercise of such «tions or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or
exchangeable secunities, : : sluding, but not limited to, a change resulting from the anti-dilution
provisions thereof, the Applicable Conversion Price per share for any share of such Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities,
shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the exercise of any such
options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such securities.

(4) Upon the expiration of any such options or
rights, the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options
or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Applicable Conversion Price
per share for any share of such Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed
using such ¢:ptions, rights or securities or options or rights related to such securities, shall be
recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and
convertible or exchangeable securitics that remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise of

such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of
the options or rights related to such securities.

(5) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issucd and the consideration deemed paid U...efer pursuant to ‘sections B.4(dKiKE)( 1)
and B.4(d)iXE\2) of this Article III shall be appropriat-ly adjusted w reflect any change,

termination or expiration of the type described in either Section B.2(UHiNKEX3) or B.4id)i)(. M4)
of this Article [I].

LOOOIIIST UO LK 8
(ii) “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of capital stock
of the Corporation issuc.) (ar deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section B.4(d)(i)(E) of this
Article 11) by this Corporation after the Series B-2 Original Issue Date other than:

(A) up to 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock (as
adjusted tor Recapitalizations) issued or issuable (or deemed issued) upon exercise of options
issued pursuant to the Corporation’s 2006 Equity Incentive Plan approved by the Board of
Directors, as amended from time to time;

(B) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable (or
deemed issued) upon exercise or conversion of warrants or other convertible securities
outstanding on the Series B-2 Original Issue Date or issued in connection with the issuance of
the Series B Preferred Stock (but solely to the extent disclosed in or pursuant to that certain
Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2006, that certain Series B-
| Preferred Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2006, that certain Series
B-2 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2006, or that certain Placement
Agent Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2006);

(C) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock;

(D) — shares of Common Stock issued or deemzd issued
as a dividend, stock split or other distribution on Common Stock or Preferred Stock; and

(E) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable by the
Corporation in the future if the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis, agree in
writing that such shares shail not constitute Additional Stock. (The securities referenced in
subsections (A)-(E) are sometiimes referred to herein as the “Permitted Issuances”).

(1) In the event this Corporation should at any time or from
time to time after the Series B-2 Original Issue Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a
split or subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders
of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares
of Common Stock or other securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to
receive directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as
“Commoa Stock Equivalents”) without payme: ' of any consideration by such holder for the
additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record
date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the
Applicable Conversion Price per share for shares of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately
decreased so that the number cf shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of cach share of
Preferred Stock shall b2 increased in proportion to such increase in the aggregate number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Commun Sicck
Equivalents.

(iv) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at

HOOO2 6367 9 DOK 9

any time after the Series B-2 Origina) Issue Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Applicable Conversion Price per share for shares of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately
increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of
Preferred Stock shal! be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(v) “Applicable Original Issue Date” shall mean (A) for each
share of Series A Preferred Stock, the Series A Original Issue Date, (B) for each share of Series
B-| Preferred Stock, the date on which the first share of Series B-| Preferred Stock was issued,
and (C) for each share of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, the date on which the first share of Series
B-2 Preferred Stock was issued.

(e) Other Distributions. This Corporation shall not declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by this
Corporation or other persons, assets (e:.cluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section B.4(d){iii) of this Article If] without the written consent of the holders of a majority
of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class on an as-converted basis.

(f Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same

or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivisior. or combination of shares
provided for in Sectién B.4 of this Article Ul or a merger or other reorganization referred to in
Section B.2(d) of this Article II1), the Applicable Conversion Price per share for a share of .* ,
Preferred Stock then in effect, concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or
reclassification, shall be proportionately adjusted so that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible
into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have
been entitled to receive, a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent t)
the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock immediately before that change.

(g) Certificates as to Adjusanents. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of any Applicable Conversion Price per share for shares of Preferred
Stock pursuant to Section B.4 of this Article III, the Corporation at its expense shall promptly
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and
furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjusiment or readjustment is
based. The Corporation, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock,
shall furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such
adjustments and readjustmen:., (ii) the Applicable Conversion Price per share for such share of
Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
such shares of Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by this
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining

HAMID SES7 8 PH 10

the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right tu subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, this Corporation shal! mail
to each holder of Preferred Stock, at least twenty (20) days prior to the date specified therein, a
notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such

dividend, distribution or right. and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or
right.

(i) Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and cther
taxes that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on
conversion of Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not

be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested by any holder in
connection with any such conversion.

(j) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock and
the warrants issued in connection therewith (including any warrants issued to placement agents
in connection with the issuance of Preferred Stock), such number of its shares of Common Stock
as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock and exercise of such warrants; and if at any time the number of authorized but
urissued shares of Common Stock shail not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and exercise of such warrantsszhe Corperation. will take
such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purpose, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite

shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation.

(k) Fractional Shares. No fractional share shail be issued upon the
conversion of any share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the
Corporation, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, shal! pay the holder otherwise entitled to
such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date of
conversion (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

(1) Notices. Any notice required by Section B.4 of this Article III to

be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deerned given if sent by certified

United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address on the
books of the Corporation.

5. Voting Rights.

(a) Except as may be required by applicable law and as may be limited

HOON IIST DH It

os

ebadna

eink el eeratbltenbe ee
by Section B.5(b) and Section B.6 of this Article III, holders of Preferred Stock shall vote
together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class, and each holder of a share of
Preferred Stock shall have the right to one vote for each share of Common Stock into which such
share of Preferred Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or written consent of
shareholders. In all cases any fractional share, determined on an aggregate conversion basis,
shall be nounded to the nearest whole share (with one-half being rounded upward). With respect
to such vcie, such holder of Preferred Stock shall have full voting rights and powers equal to the
voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock (except as otherwise provided herein
or as required by law, voting together with the Common Stock as a single class on an as-
converted basis), and, notwithstanding any provision hereof, shall be entitled to notice of any
shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation.

(b) —_ Election of Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of five
(5) members. As long as at least five million (5,000,000) shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as
adjusted for Recapitalizations) remain outstanding, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to elect four (4) directors of the Corporation at each annual election of directors,
or special meeting of shareholders or by action by written consent, or in the case of any vacancy
caused by resignation or removal of a director elected by the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock. The holders of the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class on an as-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Corpcration at
each annual election of directors, or special meeting of shareholders or by action by written
consent, or in the case of any vacancy caused by resignation or removal of a director elected by
the holders of the Commog Stock and the Preferred Stock, voting together as a a single class on an
“as-converted basis: * . ~

(c) Series B Preferred Stock. For ali purposes hereunder, the Series B-
1 Preferred Stock and the Series B-2 Preferred Stock shai! be considered part of, and shall vote
together as, a single series.

6. Restrictions and Limitations. So iong as more than five million
(5,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding (as acjusted for Recapitalizations), and
in addition to any other vote required by law or these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation, without the written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preierred Stock, voting together as a single class
on an as-converted basis, the Corporation, either directly or by amendment, merger,
consolidation or otherwise, shall not:

(a) create, authorize or iss:ie (or create or authorize any obligation to
create, authorize or issue) any debt or equity security. other tian the Permitted Issuances, or enter
into any agreement to do the same, including without limitation the authorization or issuance of
additional shares of Coinmon Stock (or securities convertible into, or exercisable for, Common
Stock) to employees of the Corporation:

(b) make any change in the rights, preferences or privileges of the
Preferred Stock or any class or series of capital stock;

(c) effect any Liquidation Event or any liquidation or dissolution of

HHI SAST OE 12

1

a en emma ot
the Corporation;

(d) pay dividends or miake any other distribution on any class of the
Corporation’s equity securities other than the Preferred Stock, or repurchase or redeem shares of
the Corporation's capital stock (or securities convertible into, or exercisable for, capital stock)
except for securities repurchased (i} from former employees, officers, directors, consultants or
other persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements
under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than the
Original cost for such shares; (ii) pursuant to stock purchase agreements or stock restriction
agreements or the like between the Corporation and any holder of its capital stock; or (iii) upon
the exercise of any right of first refusal as approved by te Board of Directors:

(e) change the :.uthorized number of directors of the Corporation from
five (5);

(f/) amend, restate, alter or repeal the Corporation's Amended «..'
Restated Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, or any provision thereof;

(g) increase the number of shares of capital stock reserved for issuance
under any stock plan, stock option plan or the like (except by Recapitalizations):

(h) issue or incur any indebtedness for borrowed money, or acquire or
dispose of any equity securities (or securities convertible into or exercisable for equity
securities), valued,“individually or cumulatively, greater than $2,500,000; or

(iy make any materiai change in the C orporation’s current business of
developing, manufacturing, producing, distributing, and selling ethanol and biodiesel fuels.

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section B.4 of this Article III, or repurchased by the Corporation,
the shares sc converted or repurchased shall be canceled and shall not be issuable by the
Corporation, and these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation shall be appropriateiy
amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capita! stock.

Section C. Common Stock. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
granted to and imposed on the common stock are as set forth below in this Section C of this
Article III.

I. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive. when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of this Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from
time to time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding of this

Corporation, the assets of this Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section B.2 of this
Article IIT.

HH UIS7T OK 13

a
==> ee

woes ee

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4, Voting Rights. Except as may be required by applicable law and as may
be limited by (i) the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to elect four (4)
directors pursuant to Section B.5(b) of this Article III, (ii) the rights of the holders of the
Preferred Stock to vote as a separate class, on an as-converted basis, on the matters described in
Section B.6 of this Article I!I and (iii) separate class or series votes required by applicable law,
the holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the right to one vote for each such share,
and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of this
Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may be
provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent permissible under California law. The corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of
California, (the “Code”)) to the fullest extent permissible under California law. If, after the
effective date of this Article [V, California law is amended in a manner which permits a
corporation to limit the moretary or other liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification
of its directors or other persons in any such case to a greater extent :han js permitted on such
effective date, the-references in this Anticle IV to “California law" shall to that extent be deemed
to refer to California law as so amended. =

Each iiolder of Preferred Stock shali be deemed to have consented, for purposes of
Sections 502 and 503 of the Code, to distributions made by the Corporation in connection with
the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors or consultants of
the Corporation in connection with the termination of their employment or services pursuant to
agreements or arrangements approved by the Board of Directors.

2 s *

100023357 9 1) 14

Ohne telat,
a hl aD thats

The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been duly approved
by the Board of Directors.

The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been duly approved
by the required vote of shareholders of this Corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903
of the Code. The Corporation has two classes of shares entitled to vote on the approval of the
foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Series A Preferred Stock and
Common Stock, and the number of outsta:sding shares of Series A Preferred Stock is 63,681,445
and the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is 8,332,942. The number of shares of
cach class voting in favor of the approval uf the foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation equaled or exceeded the vote required by each class. The approval of a majority of
the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-
converted basis, was required for the approval of the foregoing Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation.

The undersigned, Lawrence S. Gross, declares this 27 day of July, 2006, at Los Angeles,
California, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that he has read the
foregoing certificate and knows the contents thereof and that the same is true of his knowledge.

Executed at Los Angeles, Califomia, July 27, 2006.

Presi cnt and Secretary

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
