: tow Ver eyuis rai Vl. le AB OULIUAI Ife ALR. PAA AOL 1S O9F ono ae? pute eee 779, cont

rt 9 Resteted Artictes of
at Siete Check Ot appropriate bez tetew:
Qala, OR 97310-4227 ‘a Canpiets oy 1.224867)
Ranges anly 1.2.86) DEC 07 2007
ameter Penestrc 117990-95 : . OREGON
ee : SECRETARY OF STATE

te ecuondense with Origen Rovens Statcte 198.4 10-108.401, tee etemnalion on this appliantion te pubtio record.

Pines Type or Pitt Lainty ts Glock bak. Attash Adsiiona! Sheet ¥Mtasssuay.
1) Nameen Consonanen Inc.

2) New Mass or ne CONPORCRON @f changed)
_2 A Corr ap we Reson Secneios Susi Ba Arena

seqrpnoret Comronsayen Oy
(1 ta pera wanes amemtnoate wh ata oe
ee een The deh of Ra aiagien of te aueninarte

as ast eed dunsd cet.
CI yee sepernten tan nt tre any shores ct
arintes. Tre eeatuted aidien ware etagind ty Be
_ incomeratars er by Go bend of Gaciwe.

Josmundca Stinith $03-226-1191

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF AMBRIC, INC.

Pursuant to ORS 60.451, these Second Amended and Restated Aaticles of Incorporation
supersede the existing Articles of Incorporation of Ambric, Inc. and all amendments thereto.

ARTICLE I
The name of this Corporation is Ambric, Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE If

The address of the Corporation’s registere office in the State of Oregon is c/o AW
Services, Inc., 222 SW Columbia Street, Suite 1800, Portland, Oregon 97201.

ARTICLE Hl
The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corvoration nay be organized under the Oregon Business Corporation Act.
ARTICLE IV
This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be designated,
respectively, “Preferred Stock” and “Common Stock.” The total number of shares which the
ion is authorized to issue is 110,501,118 of which 47,750,559 shares shall be Preferred

Stock (the “Preferred Stock”) with par value $0.0001 per share and 62,750,559 shares shall be
Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) with par value $0.0001 per share.

ARTICLE V
The following is the description of the preferences, limitations and relative rights in
respect of each class of shares of the Corporation.
A. Common Stock.
1. General. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the
Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of the holders
of the Preferred Stock set forth herein.

2. Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for
each share of Common Stock held at all meetings of shareholders (and written actions in lieu of
meetings). There shall be no cumulative voting.

5. Preferred Stock. ~

22,750,559 shares of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation are hereby designated
“Series A Preferred Stock,” and 25,000,000 shares of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation are
hereby designated “Series B Preferred Stock.” The Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B

Page 1- SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 3502714/DDM/10198i-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

indicated, references to “Sections” or “Subsections” in this Part B of Article [V refer to sections
and subsections of this Part B of Article IV.

1. Dividends.

The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to receive dividends, out of any sssets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any
declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities
and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly,
additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the Common Stock of the
Corporation, at the rate of $0.064664 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
reclassifications or the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock,
and at the rate of $0.107144 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
reclassifications or the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock,
payable annually when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such dividends shall not be
among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro
rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming
conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stock). .

i. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to its shareholders before any payment shall be made to the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an ammount per share
equal to $1.3393 (the “Series B Original Issue Price”), plus any dividends declared but unpaid
thereon. If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of
the Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders shall be insufficient to pay the
holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled
under this Section 2.2.1., the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall share ratably in
any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts
which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if
all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full.

ii. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after the payment of all preferential amounts
__ fequired to be paid to the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock, the holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders before any payment shall be made to the
holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to
$0.8083 (the “Series A Original Issue Price”), plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon. If

Page 2~ SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 3502714/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

upon ary wach Liquidation, desolation owing ot ee eien ee dub
available for distribution to its charehoiders shall be insufficient to pay the holders
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled under thie
Section 2.a.i., the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall share ratebly in any
distribution of the assets availeble for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which
would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all
eee ee

Distribution of Remeining Asects. In the event of any voluntary or
tnvoluatary liquidation, danoide eee of the Corporation, after the psyment of all
ersovnds required to be paid to the boiders of shares of Series A Preficred Stock aod
Series B Preferred Stock, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its
sharchoiders shall be distributed among the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock, and Common Stock, pro rats besed on the number of shares held by
cach such bolder, trecting for this purpose ali such securities ss if they hed been converted to
Common Stock perrunt to the terms of the Asticles of Incorporstion immediately prior to euch
dissolution, licrzidation or winding up of the Corporation, until (i) the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock sball have received an aggregate of $4.0415 per share (se adjusted for stock
ivi amounts

paid

2.a.ii. above, st which point such bolders stop participating in sech distribution, and (i/) the
bolders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall bave received an aggregate of $6.6965 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclessifications and the tike), including smounts paid
pursuant to Section 2.4.i. shove, at which point such holders stop participating in such
distribution; thereafter, if assets remain in the Corporation, the holders of the Common Stock of
the Corporation shall receive all of the remaining esects of the Corporation pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock beid by each. The aggregate amount which a holder of a
share of Series A Preferred Stock is cntitled to 1eceive under Section 2 is hereinafter referred to
as the “Series A Liquidation Amount.” The aggregate amount which a holder of a share of
Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to receive under Section 2 is hereinafter referred to as the
“Series B Liquidation Amount.”

i. Definition. Each of the following events shall be
considered a “Deemed Liquidation Event” unices the holders of at least 8 majority of the

shares of Preferred Stock elect otherwise by written notice sent to the Corporation st
least 10 days prior to the effective date of any such event:

(A)  amenger, share exchange or consolidation in which
(1) the Corporation is s constituent party or
@) =a subsidiary of the Corporatica is a
constituent party and the Corporation issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger,
share exchange or consolidation,

35077 4/D0M4/101981-0010

Options (as defined below) outstanding immediately prior to such merger, share exchange or
consolidation or upon conversion of Convertibie Securities (as defined below) outstanding
immediately prior to such merger, share exchange or consolidation shall be deemed to be
outstanding immedistely prior to sach merger, share exchange or consolidation and, if
applicable, converted or exchanged in such merger, share exchange or consolidation on the same
terms as the actual outstanding shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged); or

@) the sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other

subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the sale or disposition (whether by merger or otherwise) of one
or more subsidiaries of the Corporation if substantially all of the asects of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary or subsidiaries, except where such sale,
lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Corporation.

The Corporation shalj not have the power, -ffecta
Decmed Liquidation Bvent raficred to in Section Z-ei{AY() anlooe the tepeoctent at pla of
merger, share exchange or consolidation for such transaction (the “Merger Agreement”) provides
that the consideration payable to the shareholders of the Corporation shall be allocated among
the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in sccordance with Section 2.

ii. In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event referred to in
Section 2..i.(A)(2) or 2.c.i.(B), the Corporation shall effect s dissolution of the Corporation
under the Oregon Business Corporation Act within 90 days after such Deemed Liquidation
Event, and distribute the assets of the Corporation to the holders of capital stock of the
Corporation in accordance with Section 2.

Amount Deemed Paid or Distributed. The amount deemed paid or
distributed to the holders of capital stock of the Corporation open any such merger, share
exhange, consolidation, sale, transfer, exclusive license, other disposition or redemption shall be
the cash or the value of the property, rights or securities paid or distributed to such holders bv the

Corporation or the scquiring person, firm or other entity. The value of such property, rights or
securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

Page 4— SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271 4/DDM4/101981-0010
OF INCORPORATION
3. Voting.

a General. On any matter presented to the shareholders of the
Corporation for their action or consideration at any meeting of shareholders of the Corporation
(or by written consent of shareholders in liew of meeting), each holder of outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the mumber of whole shares
of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder are convertible
as of the record date for determining shareholders entitled to vote on such matter. Except as
provided by law or by the other provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, holdexs of Prefered
Stock shall vote together with the bolders of Common Stock as a single class.

b. Election of Directors. The holders of record of the shares of Series
A Preferred Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect three (3) directors
of the Corporation (the “Series A Directors”) and the holders of record of the shares of Preferred
Stock and Common Stock, voting as a single class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of
the Corporation. Any director elected es provided iz <2 preceding sentence may be removed
without cause by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the bolders of the shares of the class or
series of capital stock entitled to elect such director or directors, given either st s special meeting
of such shareholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a written consent of shareholders.
If the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or Preferred Stock and Common Stock, as
the case may be, fail to elect a sufficient number of directors to fill all directorships for which
they are entitled to elect directors, voting exclusively end as a separate class, pursuant to the first
sentence of this Section 3.b, then any directorship not so filled shall renosin vacant until such
time as the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, or Preferred Stock andl Common Stock, as
the case may be, elect a person to fill such directorship by vote or written consent in lieu of a
meeting, and no such directorship may be filled by shareholders of the Corporation other than by
the shareholders of the Corporation that are entitled to elect a person to fill such di
voting exclusively and as a separate class. The holders of record of the shares of Common Stock -
and of any other class or series of voting stock (including the Series A Preferred Stock),
exclusively and voting together as a single class, shall be entitled to elect the balance of the total
number of directors of the Corporation. At any mecting held for the purpose of electing a
director, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of the outstanding thares
of the class or series entitled to elect such director shall constitute a quorumn for the purpose of
electing such director. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3.b, 8 vacancy in any
directorship filled by the holders of any class or series shall be filled only by vote or written
consent in lieu of a meeting of the holders of such class or series or by any remaining director or
directors elected by the holders of such class or series pursuant to this Section 3.b.

Preferred Stock Protective Provisions. At sny time when shares of
Preferred Stock are vatstanding, the Corporation shall not. either directly ov indirecdly by
amendment, merger, share exchange, consolidation or otherwise, do any of the following without
(in addition to any other vote required by law or the Articles of Incorporstion) the written
consent or affirms‘ive vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, siven in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or voting (as the case may
be) separately as a class, and casting the number of votes equal to the mumber of whole shares of
Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder are convertible as
of the record date for determining shareholders entitied to vote on such matter:

Page 5— SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 33027 1/4/DDM/10198 1-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
i. amend or repeal any provision of the Articles of
Incorporation or the Corporation’s Bylaws;
ii. amend the preferences, rights, or privileges of the Preferred

Stock or increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total number of authorized shares of
Preferred Stock;

iii. authorize or issue any capital securities or issue any bonds,
notes, indebtedness, obligations or other securities convertible into, exchangeable for, or having
rights to purchase shares having rights, restrictions or preferences senior to or being on a parity
with the Preferred Stock;

iv. consummate a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation or a Deemed Liquidation Event;

v. cteate any new plan or arrangement for the grant of any
share options or reatricted ehares or share equivalents or increase the number of shares under any
such plan or arrangement other than one(s) spproved by the Board of Directors; or

vi. agree or commit to take any of the foregoing actions.

at least 2,500,000 shares of Sine Prefered Se eS oor rinte
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
Tecapitalization with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock), the Corporation shall not, either
directly or indirectly by amendment, merger, share exchange, consolidation or otherwise, do any
of the following without (in addition to any other vote required by law or the Articles of
Incorporation) the written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of at least 2/3 of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, given in writing or by vote at a meeting,
consenting or voting (as the case may be) separately as a class:

i amend or repeal any provision of the Articles of
Incorporation or the Corporation’s Bylaws;

ii. amend the preferences, rights, or privileges of the Series A
Preferred Stock or increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total number of authorized
shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

iii. | authorize or issue any capital securities or issue eny bonds,
notes, indebtedness, obligations or other securities convertible into, exchangeable for, or having
rights to purchase shares having rights, restrictions or preferences senior to or being on a parity
with the Series A Prefezred Stock;

iv. consummate a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation or a Deemed Liquidation Event,

Page 6- SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 3502714/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

Vv. create any new plan or arrangement for the grant of any
share options or restricted shares or share equivalents or increase the number of shares under any

such plan or arrangement other than one(s) approved by the Board of Directors; or
vi. —_ agree or commit to take any of the foregoing actions.

any provision of these Articles of Incorporation tthe coutreny, at any time when shares of
Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, either directly or indirectly
by amendment, merger, share exchange, consolidation or otherwise, do any of the following
without (in addition to anv other vote required by law or the Articles of Incorporation) the
written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or voting
(as the case may be) separately as a class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation in a manner that hes a material, adverse and

effect on the Series B Preferred Stock relative to the Series A Preferred Stock,
nor shall any such action by vote or written consent of the shareholders be binding on the
Corporation unless the Corporation obtains the written consent or vote of the holders of a
majority of the Series B Preferred Stock.

approval ofthe Boerd of Diem ree ene eae He ott Gon nee Dict
elected solely by the Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall not:

i. declare or pay any dividends or make any other distribution
(other than dividends payable solely in ehares of its own Common Stock or other distributions
explicitly set forth in Articles of Incorporation) on any securities junior to the Series A Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock;

ii. repurchase or redeem any securities of the Corporation
except repurchases of Common Stock held by employees of, or consultants to, the Corporation
upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for such
repurchase or pursuant to Bylaws provisicas allowing repurchase upon exercise of rights of first
refusal or as otherwise expressly authorized herein;

iii. authorize, borrow or enter into any obligation for any form
of indebtedness or payment of more than one million dollars ($1,000,000) in cash or securities of
the Corporation;

iv. establish any joint venture or equivalent business
combination or arrangement, including, without limitation, a partnership with any subsidiaries or
affiliates not wholly owned by this Corporatior.;

v. enter into any transaction with any shareholder, officer or
Director of the Corporation or any affiliate of such person(s) except for (a) employment matters
in the ordinary course, (b) arms’ length or other sales of securities at fair market value, or (c)
other transactions which in case of this clause (c) are approved by a disinterested majority of the

Page 7— SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271M4/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Board of Directors or a special committee composed of one or more such persons and on terms
which are fair to the Corporation; or

vi. agree or commit to take any of the foregoing actions.

The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the

a —_ Right to Convert.

i. Conversion Ratio. Esch share of Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without
the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing (i) in the case of Series A
Prefexred Stock, the Series A Original Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price in effect at
the time of conversion and (ii) in the case of Series B Preferred Stock, the Series B Original
Issue Price by the Series B Conversion Price in effect at the time of conversion. The “Series A
Coaversion Price” shall initially be equal to $0.8083. The “Series B Conversion Price” shall
cutalty Ss equal to $1.3393. Such initial Conversion Prices, and thie rate at which shares of
Preferred Stock may be convested into shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment
as provided below.

ii. | Termination of Conversion Rights. In the event of a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or a Deemed Liquidation Event, the
Conversion Rights shall terminate at the close of business on the last full day preceding the date
fixed for the payment of any such amounts distributable on such event to the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock.

Ls Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the
holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Whether or not fractional shares would be issuable
upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred
Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the aggregate number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion.

c. Mechanics of C .

i. Notice of Conversion. In order for a holder of Preferred
Stock to voluntarily convert shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, sach holder
hall surrender the certificate or certificates for such shares of Preferred Stock (or, if such
registered holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate
affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation
against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft
or destruction of such certificate), at the office of the transfer agent for the Preferred Stock (or at

Page 8— SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271 4/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

the principal office of the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent),
together with written notice that such holder elects to convert all or any number of the shares of
the Preferred Stock represented by such certificate 0, certificates and, if applicable, any event on
which such conversion is coutingent. Such notice shall state such holder’s name or the names of
the nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common
Stock to be issued. If required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall
be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form
satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or his, her or its attorney
duly authorized in writing. The close of business on the date of receipt by the transfer agent (or
by the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) of such certificates (or lost
certificate affidavit and agreement) and notice shall be the time of conversion (the “Conversion
Time”), and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares represented by
such certificate shall be deemed to be outstanding of record as of such date. The Corporation
shall, as soon as practicable after the Conversion Time, (i) issue and deliver to such holder of
Preferred Stock, or to his, her or its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance with the provisions
hereof and a certificate for the mumber (if any) of the shares of Preferred Stock represented by
the surrendered certificate that were not converted into Common Stock, (ii) pay in cash such
amount as provided in Section 4.b. in lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise
issuable upon such conversion and (iii) pay all declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of
Preferred Stock converted.

ik. Reservation of Shares. The Corporation shall at ali times
when the Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized
but unissued capital stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred Stock,
such number of its duty authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Preferred Stock; and if at amy time the
number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation shail take such
corporate action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without
limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary
amendment to the Articles of Incorporation. Before taking any action which would cause an
adjustment reducing the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion Price below the
then par value of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as applicable, the Corporation will take any
corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the
Corporation may validly aid icgally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
at such adjusted Series A Conversion Price or Series B Conversion Price.

ili. Effect of Conversion. All shares of Preferred Stock which
shall have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be deemed to be
outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at
the Conversion Time, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common
Stock in exchange therefor, to receive payment in lieu of any fraction of a share otherwise
issuable upon such conversion as provided in Section 4.b. and to receive payment of any
dividends declared but unpaid thereon. Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B

Page 9- SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 3502714/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

Preferred Stock so converted shall be retired and cancelled snd may not be reissued 2s shares of
such series, and the Corporation may thereafter teke such appropriate action (without the need
for shareholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock accordingly.

No Further Adjustment. Upon any such conversion, no
adjustment to the Series A Conersing Spee oe ne cre) Stock hal be made feleay
declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock
surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon conversion.

v. Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and
other similar taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares of
Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4. The
Corporation shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other
than that in which the shares of Preferred Stock 20 converted were registered, and no such
issuance or delivery shall be made enicss and until the person or entity requesting such issuance
has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of
the Corporation, that such tax has bean paid.

L Special Definitions. For purposes of this Article IV, the
fc lowing definitions shall apply-

(A) “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

() “Original Issue Date” with respect to 2 series of
Preferred Stock shall mean the date on which the first share of such series of Preferred Stock was
issued.

(C) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock, but excluding Options.

(D) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean,
with respect to a series of Preferred Stock, all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to
Section 4.c.iii. below, deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date for
such series, other than (1) the following shares of Common Stock and (2) shares of Common
Stock deeaned izsued pursuant to the following Options and Convertible Securities (clauses (1)
and (2), collectively, “Exempted Securities”):

(1) shares of Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities issued as a dividend or distribution on Preferred Stock;

Page 10- SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271 4/DDMV/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
(2) shares of Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities issued by reason of a dividend, stock split, split-up or other distribution on
shares of Common Stock that is covered by Subsection 4.e., 4.f., 4.2. or 4.h.;

(3) shares of Common Stock or Options issued
to employees or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Corporation or any of its
subsidiaries pursuant to a plan, agreement or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation, including 2 majority of the Series A Directors;

(4) shares of Common Stock or Convertible
Securities actually issued upon the exercise of Options or shares of Common Stock actually
issued upon the conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities, in each case provided such
issuance is pursuant to the texms of such Option or Convertible Security;

(5) = shares of Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities issued to banks, equipment lessors or other financial institutions, or to real
property lessors, pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing or real property leasing
transaction approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, incluine a roajerity of the
Series A Directors;

(6) shares of Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities issued to suppliers or third party service providers in connection with the
provision of goods or services pursuant to transactions approved by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation, mcluding a majority of the Series A Directors;

(7) shares of Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities issued pursuant to the acquisition of another corporation by the
Corporation by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or other reorganization or to a
joint venture agreement, provided, that such issuances are approved by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation, including a majority of the Series A Directors; or

(8) shares of Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities issued in connecticn with sponsored research, collaboration, technology
license, development, OEM, marketing or other similar agreements or strategic partnerships
approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, including a majority of the Series A
Directors; or

(9) shares of Series A Preferred Stock or
warrants therefor issued after the Original Issue Date for Series A Preferred Stock, provided that
such issuances are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, including a majority
of the Series A Directors, or shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued upon exercise of such
warrants.

ii. No Adivstment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the
Series A Conversion Price shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock if the Corporation receives written notice from the holders
of at least 2/3 of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock agrecing that no such
adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of such Additional

Page 11 - SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 3502714/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Shares of Common Stock. No adjustment in the Series B Conversion Price shall be made as the
result of the issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if the
Corporation receives written notice from the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series B Preferred Stock agreeing that no such adjustment shal! be made as the result of
the issuance or deemed issuance of such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(A) If the Corporation at any time or from time to time
after the Original Issue Date of a series of Preferred Stock shall issue any Options or Convertible
Securities (exchoding Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted
Securities) or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities
entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to exercisability, convertibility or exchangeability but without regard to any
provision contained therein for a enheamsent adinetment of such number) issuable upon the
exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares
of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have
been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date.

(B) _sIf the terms of any Option or Convertible Security,
the issuance of which resulted in an adjustment to the Conversion Price Conversion Price
pursuant to the terms of Section 4.<Liv., are revised as a result of an amendment to such terms or
any other adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but
excluding automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions of
such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for cither (1) any increase or decrease in the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of
any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase or decrease in the consideration
payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, then, effective upon
issue of such Option or Con ‘estible Security (or upon the occurrence of 8 record date with
respect thereto) shall be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained had such
revised terms been in effect upon the original date of issuance of such Option or Convertible
Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no readjustment pursuant to this clause (B) shall have
the effect of increasing the Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) such
Conversion Price in effect immedistely prior to the original adjustment made as a result of the
issuance of such Option or Convertible Security, or (ii) such Conversion Price that would have
resulted from any issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock (other than deemed
issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock as a result of the issuance of such Option or
Convertible Security) between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(C) _ If the terms of any Option or Convertible Security
(excluding Options - Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities), the
issuance of which du aot result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of
Section 4.d.iv. (either because the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section 4.d.v.)
of the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto was equal to or greater than the

Page 12— SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 3502714/DDM/10 1981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

Conversion Price then in effect, or because such Option or Convertible Security was issued
before the Original Issue Date), are revised after the Original Issue Date as a result of an
amendment to such terms or any other adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or
Convertible Security (but excluding sutomatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-
dilution or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for eather (1)
any increase in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or
exchange of any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any decrease in the consideration
payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion or exchange, then such Option or
Coavertible Security, as so amended or adjusted, and the Additional Shares of Common Stock
subject thereto (determined in the manner provided in Section 4.d.iii.(A)) shall be deemed to
have been issued effective upon such increase or decrease becoming effective.

(D) Upon the expiration or termination of any
unexercised Option or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Security (or ponian thereof)
which resulted (either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment
to the Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Section 4.d.iv., the Conversion Price shall be
readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible
Security (or portion thereof) never been issued.

() _siIf the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or the
consideration payable to the Cosporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, is
calculable at the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or amended but is subject to
adjustment based upon subsequent events, any adjustment to the Conversion Price provided for
in this Section 4.<.iii. shall be effected at the time of such issuance or amendment based on such
number of shares or amount of consideration without regard to any provisions for subsequent
adjustments (and any subsequent adjustments shall be treated as provided in clauses (B) and (C)
of this Section 4.d.iii.). If the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise,
conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or the consideration payable
to the Corporation upon such exercise, converzion and/or exchange, cannot be calculated at all at
the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or amended, any adjustment to the
Conversion Price that would result under the terms of this Section 4.d.iii. at the time of such
issuance or amendment shall instead be effected st the time such number of shares and/or
amount of consideration is first calculable (even if subject to subse. vent adjustments), assuming
for purposes of calculating such adjustment to the Conversion Price that such issuance or
amendment took place at the time such calculation can first be made.

An a a ona Stock asus Adzivonal Shares of Common Stock
(including Additions! Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 4.d.iii.),
without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Conversion Price for such
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issue, then the Conversion Price for
such Series of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price
(calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent) determined in accordance with the following
formula:

Page 13 - SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 3502714/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
CP2 =CP1* (A+B)+(A+C).
For purposes of the foregoing formula, the following definitions shall apply:

(A) “CP2” shall mean the Conversion Price of such
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately after such issue of Additional Shares of Common
Stock

(B) “CP!” shall mean the Conversion Price of such
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of
Common Stock;

(C) “A” shall mean the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock
(treating for this purpose as outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
Options outstanding immediately prior to such issue or upon conversion or exchange of
Convertible Securities (including the Preferred Stock) outstanding (assuming exercise of any
outstanding Options therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

(D) “B” shal] mean the number of shares of Common
Stock that would have been issued if such Additional Shares of Common Stock had been issued
at a price per share equal to CP1 (determined by dividing the aggregate consideration received
by the Corporation in respect of such issue by CP1); and

(©) “C” shall mean the number of such Additional
Shares of Common Stock issued in such transaction.

Determination of Conside:stion. For purposes of this
Subsection 4.4, the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(1) imsofar as it consists of cash, be computed at
the aggre; ate amount of cash received by the Corporation, excluding amounts paid or payable
for accrued interest;

(2) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation; and

(3) inthe event Additional Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed
as provided in clauses (1) and (2) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation.

Page 14- SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271 4/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
iat Ke yp rmevarermer oe
om Salle
ia

(B) Options and Convertible Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4.d.iii., relating to Options and Convertible

(1) the total amount, if any, received or
receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible
Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relsting thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a
adjustment of such consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options
or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for
Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, by

(2) ‘the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such numbez) issuable upon the exercise of such Options ,
or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for
Conv-rtible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

vi. Multiple Closing Dates. In the event the Corporstion shall
issue on more than one date Additional Shares of Common Stock that are » part of une
transaction or a series of related transactions and that would result in an adjustmen: io che
Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Section 4.d.iv., then upon the final such issuance, the
Conversion Price shall be readjusted to give effect to all such issuances as if they occurred on the
date of the first such issuance (and without giving effect to any additional adjustments as a result
of any such subsequent issuances within such period).

shall at any time or from time to time after the Origins! lerue Date of a series of Preferred Stock
effect a subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock, the Conversion Price for such series in
effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased so that the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
increased in proportion to such increase in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue
Date of a series of Preferred Stock combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the
Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately before the combination shall be
proportionately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion
of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Any adjustment under this subsection shall
become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes
effective.

the Corporation at any time or from time to time e Ee nie of
Preferred Stock shall make or issue, or fix a record ute for the determination of holders of

Page 15 - SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 35027 1/4/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable on the Common
Stock in additional shares of Common Stock, then and in each such event the Conversion Price
for such series in effect immediately before such event shall be decreased as of the time of such
issuance or, in the event such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on
such record date, by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

i. the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immedistely prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date, and

ii. the denominator of which shall be the tota] number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
or the close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
in payment of such dividend or 4is‘zibution.

Notwi istanding the foregoing, (a) if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is
not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Conversion
Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and
thereafter the Conversioi: Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this sube ‘ction as of the time of
actual payment of rich dividends or distributions; and (b) that no sw:h adjustment shall be made
if the holders of suc: series of Preferred Stock simu'isneously receive = dividend or other
distribution of shares of Common Stock in a number equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock as they would have received if all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock had
been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

: tributi In the event
the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date of a series of
Preferred Stock shall make or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the
Corporation (other than a distribution of shares of Common Stock in respect of outstanding
shares of Common Stock) or in other property and the provisions of Section | do not apply to
such dividend or distribution, then and in cach such event the holders of such series of Preferred
Stock shal] receive, simultaneously with the cistribution to the holders of Common Stock, a
diviuens or other distribution of such securities or other property in an amount equal to the
amount of such securities or other property as they would have received if all outstanding shares
of such series of Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock vn the date of such
event.

provisions of Section 2.2, if he TE mcaetalization,
reclassification, consolidation, share exchange or merg~z involving the Corporation in which the
Common Stock (but not the Preferred Stock) is -onverted into or exchanged for securities, cash
or other property (other than a transaction coverea »y Sections 4.d., 4.f. or 4.g.), then, following
any such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation, share exchange or
merger, each share of Preferred Stock shall thereafte: be convertible in lieu of the Common
Stock into which it was convertible prior to such event into the kind and amount of securities,
cash or other property which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the

Page 16- SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271/4/DDM/10: 981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Corporation issuable upon conversion of such share of Preferred Stock immediately prior to such
reorganization, recapitalization, consolidation, share exchange or merger would
have been entitled to receive pursuant to such transaction; and, in such case, appropriate
adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) shall be
made in the application of the provisions in this Section 4 with respect to the rights and intererts
thereafter of the holders of the Preferred Stock, to the end thst the provisions set forth in this
Section 4 (including provisions with respect ‘o changes in and other adjustmevts of the
Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in reistion to
any securities or other property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

i. Cartificete a9 to Adiustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price of 2 series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable but in any
event not later than 10 days thereafter, compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance
with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of such series of Preferred Stock a certificate
setting forth such adjustment or readjustment (including the kind and amount of securities, cash
or other property into which such Preferred Stock iz vonvertible) and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, as promptly as
reasonably practicable after the written request at any time of any bolder of Preferred Stock (but
in any event not later than 10 days thereafter), furnish or cause to be.furnished to such boider a
certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock then in effect,
and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities, cash
or property which then would be received upon the conversion of such Preferred Stock.

}. Notice of Record Date. In the event:

i. the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of its
Common Stock {or other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock) for the purpose of entitling <. <aabling them to receive any dividend or other
distribution, or to receive any right :o subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any
class or any other securities, or to receive any other security; o.

ii. of any capital reorganization of the Corporation, sny
reclassification of the Common Stock of the Corporation, or any Deemed Liquidstion Event; or

iii. of the voluntary or invctuntary dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up of the Corporation,

then, and in each such case, the Corporation will send or cause to be sent to the holders of the
Preferred Stock a notice specifying, as the case may be, (i) the record date fcr such dividend,
distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribu'ion or right, or

(ii) the effective date on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, share
exchange, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidstion or -vinding-up is propose! to take place, and
the time, if any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Commx 1 Sitock (or such other
capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock) shall
be entitled to exchange ticar shares of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or securities)
for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification,

Page 17 - SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271/4/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

amount per share and character of such exchange applicable to the Preferred Stock and the
Common Stock. Such notice shall be sent at least 10 days price to Ue record date or effective
date for the event specified in such notice.

5. Mandatory Conversion.

Trigger Events. Upon cither (a) the closing of the sale of shares of
Common Stock to the public at a price of «toast $2.6786 per share (subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combinrtion or other similas
recapitalization with respect to the Common Stock), jn 3s fim: -commitment underwritten public
offering pursuant to aa effective registration statement under the Securitice Act of 1933, as
amended, resulting in et least $20,000,000 of gross proceeds, before payment of the underwriting
uiscount and commissions, to the Corporation or (b) the date and time, or the occurrence of an
event, specified by vote or written consent of the holders of st least a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (the time of such closing or the date and time specified or
the time of the event specified in such vote oc written consent is referred to herein as the
“Mandatory Conversion Time”), (i) all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall sutomsatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock, at their respective then-effective Conversion Prices
and (ii) such shares may not be reissued by the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing or
any other provision of these Articles of Incorporation to the contrary, if the conversion described
in the preceding sentence is effected in contemplation of or in connection with 8 iquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation or a Deemed Liquidation Event in which the
proceeds to holders of Series B Preferred Stock would be less than amount the bolders of Series
B Preferred Stock would receive in the event of such liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of
the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event in the absence of such conversion, then such
conversion shall not apply to the Series B Preferred Stock \itbout the prior vote or written
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred
Stock, voting as a seperate series.

b. Procedural Requirements. All holders of record of shares of
Preferred Stock shall be sent written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Time and the place
designated for mandatory conversion of all such shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Secticn 5. Such notice shall be sent not lees than five (5) days in advance of the occurrence of
the Mandatory Conversion Time. Upon receipt of such notice, each holder of shares of Preferred
Stock shall surrender his, her or its certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if such bolder
alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and
agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any
claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or
destruction of such certificate) to the Corporstion st the place deviguated in such notice. If so
required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or
accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or by his, ber or its attorney duly suthorized
in writing. Subject to Section 5.a., all rights with respect to the Preferred Stock converted
pursuant to Section 5, including the rights, if any, to receive notices and vote (othes than as a
holder of Common Stock), will terminate at the Mandatory Conversion Time (notwithstanding
the failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender the certificates al or prior to such time),

Page 18 - SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271 4/DDM/10198 1 -0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
epee

except only the rights of the holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate or certificates (or
lost certificate affidavit and agreement) therefor, to receive the items provided for in the
following sentence. As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Time and the
surrender of the certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) for
Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to such bolder, or to his, her or its
nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common S‘ock issuable on
such conversion in sccordance with the provisions hereof, together with cash as provided in
Section 4.b. in lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such
conversion and the payment of any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred
Stock converted. Such converted Preferred Stock shall be retired and cancelled and may not be
reissued as shares of such sczies, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action
(without the need for shareholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the suthorized number
of shares of Preferred Stock accordingly.

er rw) 4 Shares. Any shares of Preferred Stock
that are redeemed or otherwise acquired by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall be
automatically and immediately cancelled and retired and shall not be reissued, sold or
transferred. Neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries may exercise any voting or other
rights granted to the holders of Preferred Stock following redemption.

7. Waiver. Subject to Section 3.e., any of the preferences, limitations and
relative rights of the Preferred Stock as a whole set forth herein may be waived on behalf of all
holders of Preferred Stock by the affirmative written consent or vote of the holders of at least a
majority of the shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding. Any of the preferences, imitations
and relative rights of the Series A Preferred Stock in particular set forth herein may be waived on
behalf of all holders of Series A Preferred Stock by the affirmative written consent or vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. Any of
the preferences, iimitations and relative rights of the Series B Preferred Stock in particular set
forth herein may be waived on behalf of all holders of Series B Preferred Stock by the
affirmative written consent or vote of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of Series B
Preferred Stock then outstanding.

8. Notices. Any notice required or permitted by the provisions of this Article
IV to be given to a holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to the
post office address last shown on the records of the Corporation, or given by electronic
communication in compliance with the provisions of the Oregon Business Corporation Act, and
shall be deemed sent upon such mailing or e¢: -ctronic transmission.

ARTICLE VI

Election of Directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation
shall so provide.

ARTICLE VU
Meetings of shareholders may te held within or without the State of Oregon, as the
Bylaws of this Corporation may provide. The books of this Corporation may be kept (subject to

Page 19 - SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 35027 14/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
mers

any provision contained in the statutes) outside the State of Oregon at such place or places as
may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of this
Corporation.

ARTICLE VIII

This Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon shareholders herein are granted
subject to this reservation.

ARTICLE IX

The Corporation is autborized to purchase shares of Common Stock from present and
former employees, consultants and Directors pursuant to the arrangements approved by the
Board of Directors and to redeem shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Article V hereof without
taking into account the preferential liquidation rights of holders of Preferred Stock set forth in
Article V when applying the provisions of the Oregon Business Corporation Act to determine the
lawfulness of any such purchase or redemption.

ARTICLE X

No Director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its
shareholders for monetary damages for conduct as a Director, provided that this Article X shall
not eliminate the liability of a Director for any act or omission for which such elimination of
liability is not permitted under the Oregon Business Corporation Act. No amendment to the
Oregon Business Corporation Act that farther limits the acts or omissions for which elimination
of liability is permitted shall affect the liability of a Director for any act or omission that occurs
prior to the effective date of such amendment.

ARTICLE XI

Action required or permitted by the Oregon Business Corporation Act to be taken at 2
shareholders’ meeting may be taken without a meeting if the actin is taken pursuant to written
consent by shareholders having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to take such action at a meeting at which all shareholders eatitled to vote on the action
were present and voted.

ARTICLE XII

A. Indemnification. The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent not
prohibited by law any Person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
Proceeding against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the Person in connection with such Proceeding.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall not indemnify any Person from or on
account of acts or omissions of such Person of a type for which liability could not be eliminated
for a Director under ORS 60.047(2)(d).

Page 20 - SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271 4/DDM/101981-0010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

Advancement of Expenses. Expenses inc.1red by a Person in defending a
Proceeding shal alt eres eae Cooperation in ahve ofthe foal Gost a of
such Proceeding at the written request of such Person, if the Person:

1. furnishes the Corporation a written affirmation of the Person's good faith
belief that such Person has met the standard of conduct described in the Oregon Business
Corporation Act or is entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation under any other
indemnification rights granted by the Corporation to such Person; and

2. furnishes the Corporation a written undertaking to repay such advance to
the extent it is ultimately determined by a court that such Person is not entitled to be indemnified
by the Corporation under this Article XII or under any other indemmification righte grantec by
the Corporation to such Person.

Such advances shall be made without regard to the Person's ability to repay such
advances and without regard to the Person’s ultimate entitlement to indemnification under this
Article XII or otherwise.

C. Definition of “Proceeding” and “Person”. The term “Proceeding” means any
threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether brought in the right of the
Corporation or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative nature,
in which an individual may be or may have been involved as a party or otherwise by reason of
the fact that the individual is or was a Director or officer of the Corporation or a fiduciary within
the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 with respect to any
employee benefit plan of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation
as a Director, officer, or fiduciary of an employee benefit plan of another Corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, whether or not serving in such capacity st the
time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement of expenses
can be provided under this Article XIL The term “Person” means any individual serving in a
capacity described in this Paragraph.

D.  Nop-Exclusivity and Continuity of Rights. This Article XII: (i) shall not be
deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any
statute, agreement, gencral or specific action of the Board of Directors, vote of shareholders or
otherwise, bouh as to action in the official capacity of the Person indemnified and as to action in
another capacity while holding office, (ii) shall continue as to a Person who has ceased to be 2
Director or officer, (iii) shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of
such Person, and (iv) shal] extend to all claims for indemnification or advancement of expenses
made after the adoption of this Article XIL

E. Amendments. Any repeal of this Article XII shall only be prospective and no
repeal or modification hereof shall adversely affect the rights under this Article XT in effect at
the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any

Proceeding.

Page 21 - SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 350271/4/DDM/10198 10010
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

