ay r0
Phone: (503) 988-2200 -

Fes (09) 3784985 "_ Restated Aticies of Incorporstion--Businese/ProfecsionaiWonproft

Secretary of Stete Check the appropriate bex below:
Division ) BUSINESS/PROFESSIONAL CORPORATION
255 Capitol 8. NE, Suite 151
Selon OR 97310-1227 (Complete anty 1, 2, 3,4, 6.7) FILED
FilinginOregon.com (D) NONPROFIT CORPORATION
(Compete onty 1, 2, 3, 8, 6,7)
=o AUG 05 2004

Recwmny Nuwser: 1 17990-95
OREGO:

IN
SECRETARY OF STATE
in scoordence with Oregon Revised Statute 192.4 10-192.490, the information on this apzlication Is public record.
fo must release this information to of pares upon request end & wll be posted on Our weber otic se oly
Pteeee Type or Print Legibly in Black ink. Aach Additional Sheet f Necevsery.

1) Nam oF Conporanion Prion To Asmeuanr Ambric Incorporated
2) New Name oF THE Conporanion (if changed) Ambric, Inc.

3) A Copy of THe Restate Aancies Must Ba ATracnen

Nonpaocer Conrporanon OnLy
5) Cuan THe APPROPRmATE STATEMENT

(7) The resteted articles contain amendments which do not require
approval. The dete of the adaption of the amendments
and reeteted aricles wes These

amendments were duly ad pied by the boerd of directors.

Bussese/Prorsssionu. Conroranon Om.y
4) Creck THE Appnoraate STATCNCNT

1 The restated articles contain amendments which do not require
shareholder approval. The date of the adoption of the
amendments and restated articles wes

These amendments were duly adopted by the boerd of Grectors.

[7] The restated articles contain amendments which require
shareholder approval. The date of the adortion of the
amendmerts and restated articles was 08/05/04

The vote of the shareholders wes es follows:

= | SE cs
sere votes ented to votes cost
ovestanding be cast FOR
[Common }.739.000 3,739,000 739,000 p |

(J The corporation has not issued any sheres of stock.
Shareholder ection was not required to adopt the resisted
artcles. The restated articles were adopted by the

Incorporators or by the board of directors.

7] The restated articles contain amendments which require
membership approvel. The date of the adoption of the
amendments and resteted articles wes

The vote of the members wes as follows :

7) CONTACT NAME (To resolve questions with thie filing.) DayTuse Prost Nummer (include aree code.)
Josaundra A. Smith (503) 226-8447

114 (Rev. 1/04)
AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF AMBRIC INCORPORATED

Pursuant to ORS 60.451, these ‘Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
supersede the existing Articles of Incorporation of Ambric Incorporated and all amendments
thereto.

ARTICLE I
The name of this Corporation is Ambric, Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE I

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Oregon is c/o AW
Services, Inc., 222 SW Columbia Street, Suite 1800, Portland, Oregon 97201.

ARTICLE Ill

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Oregon Business Corporation Act.

ARTICLE IV

This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be designated,
respectively, “Preferred Stock” and “Common Stock.” The total number of shares which the
Corporation is authorized to issue is thirty four million five hundred thousand (34,500,000) of
which twelve million nine hundred thousand (12,900,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock (the
“Preferred Stock”) with par value $.0001 per share and twenty one million six hundred thousand
(21,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) with par value $.0001 per
share.

ARTICLE V

The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the shares of
Preferred Stock are as follows:

A. Designation. Of the Preferred Stock, all twelve million nine hundred thousand
(12,900,000) of the shares shall be designated and known as Series A Preferred Stock (the
“Series A Preferred Stock” or the “Series A Preferred”).

B. Liquidation Rights.

(1) _ In the event of any “Liquidation Event” (as defined below), whether
voluntary or not, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, before any
amount shall be paid to holders of Common Stock, an amount per share equal to $0.8083, as
adjusted for share splits, reclassifications, recombinations and the like (“Original Issue Price”)

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
201 14622.1

plus an amount equal to al] declared and unpaid dividends (collectively, the “Preference
Amount”). If, upon the occurrence of such Liquidation Event, the assets and surplus funds
distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of Series A Preferred Stock of the full Preference Amount, then the
entire assets and surplus funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed pro rata among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock.

(2) Upon completion of the distribution required by subsection (1) of this
Section B., all of the remaining assets or surplus funds available for distribution to shareholders
shall be distributed among the holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock (on an as
converted to Common Stock basis) pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock
held (or deemed held on account of the Series A Preferred Stock) by each, provided that, once
the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have received an amount per share of five times
(5X) the Preference Amount (including all amounts distributed under clause B. (1) immediately
above), then (i) the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall receive no further assets or surplus
funds and (ii) all of the remaining assets or surplus funds available for distribution to
shareholders shall be distributed among the holders of Common Stock pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

(3) For purposes of this Section B., a Liquidation Event shall be (a) the
closing of the Corporation's sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of its
assets, (b) the consummation of the acquisition of the Corporation by merger or reorganization or
other form of business combination of this Corporation into or with another entity in which as a
result of their ownership of securities of this Corporation before such event, the shareholders of
the Corporation do not own a majority of the outstanding shares of the subsequent surviving,
purchasing, or newly resulting corporation or entity, whether by means of merger or
consolidation, reorganization, or business combination resulting in the exchange of the
outstanding shares of this Corporation for securities or consideration issued, or caused to be
issued, by the acquiring corporation, entity, or its subsidiary, (c) the closing of the transfer
(whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise), in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons (other than an underwniter of the
Corporation's securities), of the Corporation’s securities, if, after such closing, such person or
group of affiliated persons would hold 50% or more of the outstanding voting shares of the
Corporation or (d)a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation; provided,
however, that a transaction shall not constitute a Liquidation Event if its sole purpose is to
change the state of the Corporation’s incorporation or to create a holding company that will be
owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Corporation’s securities
immediately prior to such transaction. No later than twenty (20) days before any such event, the
Corporation shall deliver a notice to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock setting forth the
principal terms of such merger, reorganization or sale of the Corporation. Such notice shall be
deemed delivered upon personal delivery, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, by
first class, registered or certified mail (in each case, prepaid), addressed to a party at its address
as shown on the shareholder records of the Corporation or when sent by confirmed electronic
mail or facsimile. Such notice shall include a description of the . iounts that would be paid to
holders of Series A Preferred Stock under this Section B. and of the consideration that such
holders would receive if they were to exercise their rights to have shares of Series A Preferred
Stock treated as if they had been converted into Common Stock.

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -2-
254583/2/DDM/10198 | -0006

20115622 1

(4) In the event of a Liquidation Event which will involve the distribution of
assets other than cash, the value of the assets to be distributed to the holders of shares of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be determined in good faith by the consent or vote of the Board of
Directors, and such determination shall be binding upon the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Common Stock, except that any securities distributed shall be valued as follows:

(a) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

(i) if traded on a securities exchange or over the counter, the
value shall be deemed to be the average of the security’s closing prices on such exchange
(closing bid prices for NASDAQ securities) as prescribed in the transaction documents
implementing such Liquidation Event between the Corporation and the other party(ies) to the
transaction being treated as such hereunder, or

(ii) if not set forth in the transaction documents implementing
the sale, merger or reorganization transaction and there is no active public market, the value shall
be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the consent or vote of the Board
of Directors and such determination shall be binding upon the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Common Stock.

(b) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in subsection B.(4)(a){i) or (ii) to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the consent or vote of the Board of
Directors, and such determination shall be binding upon the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock and the Common Stock.

(5) The treatment of any particular transaction or series of rclated transactions
as a Liquidation Event may be waived by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class and not as separate series,
and on an as-converted basis).

C. Dividends.

(1) Preferred Stock. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be
entitled t« receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference
to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other
securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the Common Stock of the
Corporation, at the rate of $0.064664 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
reclassifications or the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock,
payable annually when, as and if declared by the Board ot Directors. Such dividends shall not be
cumulative. No distribution(s) shall be declared or paid on shares otf Common Stock unless
declared in identical amounts on the Series A Preferred Stock at the same time. Distributions, to
the extent declared, shal! be at the identical rate on the Series A Preferred Stock and the
Common Stock and payable as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation -3-
254583/2/DDM/10198 1 -0006

20115622.1

Dividends, if paid, or if declared and set apart for payment, must be paid on, or declared and set
apart on, all outstanding shares of the respective shares on which they are paid (cither Series A
Preferred Stock or Common Stock) contemporaneously.

(2) Distributions Defined. For purposes of this Section C., unless the context
requires otherwise, “distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or property without
consideration, whether by way of dividend or otherwise, payable other than in Common Stock or
other securities of the Corporation, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation
(other than repurchases of Common Stock held by employees of, or consultants to, the
Corporation upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing
for such repurchase or pursuant to Bylaws provisions allowing repurchase upon exercise of
rights of first refusal) for cash or property, including any such transfer, purchase, or redemption
by a subsidiary of the Corporation. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock hereby consent to
such repurchases as described in the immediately preceding sentence.

D. nversion to

The Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into Common Stock of the Corporation
as follows:

(1) Definitions. For purposes of this Section D., the following definitions shall
apply:

(a) “Issue Date” shall mean the date the first share of this
Corporation's Series A Preferred Stock is issued.

(b) “Conversion Price” or “Series A Conversion Price” shall mean the
price, determined pursuant to this Section D., at which shares of Common Stock shall be
deliverable upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock.

(c) “Series A Current Conversion Price” shall mean the Series A
Conversion Price immediately before the occurrence of any event, which, pursuant to this
Section D., causes an adjustment to the Series A Conversion Price.

(d) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any indebtedness, shares, or
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, including Series A
Preferred Stock.

(e) “Options” shall mean any rights, warrants or options to subscribe
for or purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(f) “Conunun Stock Outstanding” shall mean the aggregate of all
Common Stock outstanding and all Common Stock issuable upon exercise of all outstanding
Options and conversion of al] outstanding Convertible Securities.

(g) “Common Stock Equivalents” shall mean Convertible Securities
and rights entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -4-
254583/2/DDM/10198 1 -0006

20115622.1

Common Stock without the payment of any consideration by such holder for such additional
shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.

(2) ight vert; Initial Conv:

(a) Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock may, at any time, convert
any or all of such Series A Preferred Stock into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock at the Series A Current Conversion Price. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
convertible into the number of shares of Common Stock that results from dividing $0.8083 by
the Series A Conversion Price in effect at the time of conversion for Series A Preferred Stock.
The Series A Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in certain
instances as hereinafter provided. The initial Series A Conversion Price shall be $0.8083. No
adjustments with respect to conversion shall be made on account of any dividends that may be
declared but unpaid on the Series A Preferred surrendered for conversion, but no dividends shall
thereafter be paid on the Common Stock unless such unpaid dividends have first been paid to the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to payment at the time of conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock.

(b) Before any holder of Series A Preferred Stock shail be entitled to
convert the same into Common Stock, he shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor,
duly endorsed, to the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such Series A Preferred
Stock and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the
same. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to
such holder of Series A Preferred Stock, or to his nominee or nominees, certificates for the
number of full shares of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled, together with cash in lieu
of any fraction of a share as hereinafter provided, and, if less than all of the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock represented by such certificate are converted, a certificate representing the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock not converted. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
as of the date of such surrender of the certificate for the Series A Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such Common
Stock on such date. If the conversion is in connection with an offer of securities registered
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the conversion may, at the option of any
holder tendering Series A Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of the
sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be
deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of
such sale of securities. If the conversion is in connection with Automatic Conversion provisions
of subsection D.(4) below, such conversion shall be deemed to have been made on the
conversion date described in the shareholder consent approving such conversion, and the persons
entitled to receive shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all
purposes as the record holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date.

(3) Adjustments to Conversion Frice. Subject to subsection D.(3)j) below, the
Series A Conversion Price in effect from time to time shall be subject to adjustment in certain
cases as follows:

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -5-
254583/2/DDM/101981-0006

20115622.1

(a) Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In case the
Corporation shall at any time after the Issue Date issue or sell any Common Stock, Options,
Convertible Securities, or Common Stock Equivalents without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the Series A Current Conversion Price (hereinafter the
“Additional Shares of Common Stock”), then such Series A Current Conversion Price shall
simultaneously with such issuance or sale be adjusted to a Series A Conversion Price (calculated
to the nearest cent with .5 and more being rounded up and less than .5 being rounded down),
determined by multiplying such Series A Conversion Price by a fraction,

o the numerator of which shall be (x) the number of shares of Common Stock
Outstanding at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the
date of such issuance or sale, plus (y) the number of shares of Common Stock
which the aggregate consideration received (or by the express provisions
hereof deemed to have been received) by the Corporation for the total number
of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued or sold would purchase at
the then existing Series A Current Conversion Price, and

o the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
Outstanding at the close of busiurcss un the date of such issuance or sale plus
the number of shares of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

For the purpose of the calculation described immediately above in this
subsection D.(3Xa), the number of shares of Common Stock Outstanding shall include the
following: (A) Common Stock actually outstanding, (B) the number of shares of Common Stock
into which the Series A Preferred Stock could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediately preceding the issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Additional Shares of
Common Stock, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which would be obtained
through the exercise or conversion of all rights, Options and Convertible Securities (but
excluding the shares of Common Stock represented by conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock) outstanding on the day immediately preceding the issuance or sale or deemed issuance or
sale of Additional Shares of Common Stock. Shares described in (A) through (C) in the
immediately preceding sentence shall be included whether vested or unvested, whether
contingent or non-contingent and whether exercisable or not yet exercisable.

For purposes of this subsection D.(3){a), the following provisions shal] also apply:

(i) Cash Consideration. In case of the issuance or sale of
Additional Shares of Common Stock for cash, the consideration received by the Corporation
therefor shall be deemed to be the amount of cash received by the Corporation for such shares
(or, if such shares are offered by the Corporation for subscription, the subscription price, or, if
such shares are sold to underwriters or dealers for public offering without a subscription offering,
the initial public offering price), without deducting therefrom any compensation or discount paid
or allowed to underwniters or dealers or others performing similar services or for any expenses
incurred in connection therewith.

(ii) | Non-Cash Consideration. In case of the issuance (otherwise
than upon conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities) or sale of Additional Shares of

\mended and Restated Arucles of incorporation -6-
2£34583/2/DDM/101981-0006

201156221

Common Stock for consideration other than cash or for consideration a part of which shall be
other than cash, the fair value of such consideration as determined by the Board of Directors in
the good faith exercise of its business judgment, irrespective of the accounting treatment thereof,
shall be deemed to be the value, for purposes of this Section D., of the consideration other than
cash received by the Corporation for such securities.

(iii) Options and Convertible Securities. In case the Corporation
shall in any manner issue or grant any Options or any Convertible Securities, the total maximum
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or upon
conversion or exchange of the total maximum amount of such Convertible Securities at the time
such Convertible Securities first become convertible or exchangeable shall (as of the date of
issue or grant of such Options or, in the case of the issue or sale of Convertible Securities other
than where the same are issuable upon the exercise of Options, as of the date of such issue or
sale) be deemed to be issued and to be outstanding for the purpose of this subsection D.(3)aXiii)
and to have been issued for the sum of the amount (if any) paid for such Options or Convertible
Securities (excluding any cash received by the Corporation on account of accrued interest or
accrued dividends) and the amount (if any) payable upon the exercise of such Options or upon
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities at the time such Convertible Securities
first become convertible or exchangeable; provided, however, that, subject to the provisions of
subsection D.(3)\(b), no further adjustment of the Series A Current Conversion Price shall be
made upon the actual issuance of any such Common Stock or Convertible Securities or upon the
conversion or exchange of any such Convertible Securities.

(b) Change in Option Price or Conversion Rate. If the purchase price
provided for in any Option referred to in subsection D.(3XaXiti), or the rate at which any
Convertible Securities referred to in subsection D.(3aXiii) are convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of Common Stock shall change at any time (other than under or by reason of
provisions designed to protect against dilution), the Series A Current Conversion Price in effect
at the time of such event shall forthwith be readjusted to the Series A Conversion Price that
would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities still
outstanding provided for such changed purchase price, additional consideration or conversion
rate, as the case may be, at the time same were initially granted, issued or sold. If the purchase
price provided for in any such Option referred to in subsection D.(3Xa)iii), or the additional
consideration (if any) payable upon the conversion or exchange of any Convertible Securities
referred to in subsection D.(3aXiii), or the rate at which any Convertible Securities referred to
in subsection D.(3){a){ili) are convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock,
shall be reduced at any time under or by reason of provisions with respect thereto designed to
protect against dilution, then in case of the delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the
exercise of any such Option or upon conversion or exchange of any such Convertible Securities,
the Series A Conversion Price then in effect hereunder shall, upon issuance of such shares of
Common Stock, be adjusted to such amount as would have been obtained had such Option or
Convertible Securities never been issued and had adjustments been made only upon the issuance
of the shares ef Common Stock delivered as aforesaid and for the consideration actually received
for such Option or Convertible Securities and the Common Stock.

(c) Termination of Option or Conversion Rights. Upon the termination

or expiration of any right to purchase Common Stock under any Option or of any right to convert

Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation -7-
254583/2/DDM/101981-0006

20115622 !

or exchange Convertible Securities, the Series A Current Conversion Price shall, upon such
termination, be changed to the Series A Conversion Price that would have been in effect at the
time of such expiration or termination had such Option or Convertible Securities, never been
issued, and the shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder shall no longer be deemed to be
Common Stock Outstanding. The number of shares of Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to subsection D.(3XaXiii)
shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any changes, termination or expiration of the type
described in subsections D.(3)(b) or D.(3Kc).

(d) ; ; . ae
Corporation shall at ney time Foe ne En eae cor the
effectuation of a split or subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the
determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution
payable in additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, then, following
such record date (or the date of such dividend, distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Series A Conversion Price shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of Series A Preferred shall be
increased in proportion to such increase in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
(including for this purpose, Common Stock Equivalents). If the number of shares of outstanding
Common Stock at any time after the Issue Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Series A
Conversion Price shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each share of Series A Preferred shall be decreased in proportion to
such decrease in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(e) Other Dividends. If this Corporation shall declare a distribution
payable in securities of other persons, evidence of indebtedness issued by this Corporation or
other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in subsection
D.(3aXiii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this subsection D.(3\e), the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to, if they have not already received in such fiscal year,
a dividend equal in value to the amounts set forth in subsection C.(1) above and thereafter a
proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the folders cf tho number of
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of Series A Preferred Stock
are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock
of the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall-e
a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, reorganization, combination or
merger or a Sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section D.), provision shall
be made so that the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive
upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the number of shares or other securities or
property of the Corporation ar atherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
such conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section D. with respect to
the nghts of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section D. (including adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price then in

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -8-
254583/2/DDM/101981-0006

20115622.1

effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(g) Successive Changes. The above provisions of this Section D. shall
similarly apply to successive issuances, sales, dividends or other distributions, subdivisions and
combinations on or of the Common Stock after the Issue Date.

(h) [Intentionally Omitted.]

(i) No Impairment. This Corporation will not, without the appropriate
vote of the Shareholders under the Oregon Business Corporation Act or Section F. of this Article
V, by amendment of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or through any
reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section D. and
in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
conversion rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock against impairment.

ny) Excluded Events. Notwithstanding any other provision in this
Section D. which is inconsistent with or contrary to the terms of this subsection (j), the Series A
Conversion Price shall not be adjusted by virtue of: (a) the conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock; (b) the repurchase of Common Stock shares from the
Corporation’s employees, consultants, officers or Directors at such person’s cost and any
subsequent reissuance of such shares, provided that a majority of the Board of Directors votes to
approves such (including the votes of at least two Directors who are elected solely by the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock); (c) the issuance and sale of, or the grant of options or
warrants to purchase, shares of Common Stock, to employees, advisors, Directors, officers or
consultants of the Corporaticn pursuant to any share option plan or share purchase plan or
agreement as may be approved by the Board of Directors; (d) securities issued pursuant to
equipment financing, debt financing, or leasing arrangements, or in connection with strategic
partnering transactions approved by the Board of Directors; (e) securities issued in connection
with a Qualified Offering (as defined below); or (f) securities issued pursuant to a bona fide
merger, share purchase, asset purchase, or other reorganization in which the Corporation is the
surviving entity, provided such transaction is approved by the Board of Directors.

(k) No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon
conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall deliver cash to any
holder of Series A Preferred Stock in lieu of any fraction of a share.

(1) Certificate_as_to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each

adjustment or readjustment of the Series A Conversion Price pursuant to this Section D., the
Corporation, at its expense and upon request by any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, shall
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and
furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Series A

Amended and Restated Arucles of incorporation -9-
254583/2/DDM/101981-0006

20115622.)

Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth
(a) such adjustment and readjustment, (b) the Series A Current Conversion Price, and (c) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock.

(m) Waiver _of Adjustment to Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price may
be waived, either prospectively or retroactively and either gencrally or in a particular instance, by
the consent or vote of the holders of two-thirds (2/3™) or more of the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock. Any such waiver shall bind al] future holders of shares of Series A

Preferred Stock.
(4) Automatic Conversion. Immediately upon:

(i) the closing of the Corporation’s registration statement on a Form S-1 (or
any other form equivalent thereto) pursuant to which Common Stock is
sold to the public by the Corporation (or selling shareholders, if any) in a
public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at
(a) a per share public offering price of at least $4.04 (four dollars and four
cents) (adjusted to reflect subsequent share dividends, share splits,
recapitalizations, recombinations or the like), and (b) an aggregate public
offering price not less than Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000), prior to
underwriting commissions and expenses (a “Qualified Offering”), or

(ii) _ the election of holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the then outstanding
Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, oz

(iit) a Liquidation Event in which the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall
receive an amount per share of five times (5X) the Preference Amount,

then each share of Series A Preferred Stock shal] automatically be converted into Common Stock
at the Series A Current Conversion Price. On and after said conversion date, notwithstanding that
any certificates for the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered for
conversion, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock evidenced thereby shall be deemed to be no
longer outstanding, and all rights with respect thereto shall forthwith cease and terminaic, except
only the rights of the holder (a) to receive the shares of Common Stock to which he shall! be
entitled upon conversion thereof, (b) to receive the amount of cash payable in respect of-any
fractional share of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled, and (c) with respect to dividends
declared but unpaid on Series A Preferred Stock prior to such conversion date. In the event that
any holder of Series A Preferred Stock presents such holder's certificate therefor for surrender to
the Corporation or its transfer agent upon such conversion, a certificate for the number of shares
of Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock surrendered were
convertible on such conversion date will be promptly issued and delivered to such holder.

(5) Business Combination, Reorganization, Merger, Sale of Corporation.

After the Issue Date, in the event of any proposed business combination, reorganization,
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another corporation (other than a

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -10-
254583/2/DDM/101981 -0006

201156221

business combination, consolidation or merger in which the Corporation is the continuing
corporation and which does not result in any reclassification of, or change in, the outstanding
shares of Common Stock), or in the event of any proposed sale or transfer to another corporation
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, any holder of Series A Preferred Stock
may, upon delivery of such shares and election pursuant to Section B. above, have each share of
Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder treated for all purposes as if it had been converted
into Common Stock on the earlier of (a) the record date, if any, for voting by holders of Common
Stock on such event, and (b) the date of such event.

(1) General Voting Rights. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the
holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to notice of any sharcholders’ meeting and, except as
otherwise required by law or as set forth herein, to vote upon any matter submitted to the
shareholders for a vote as follows: (a) the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have one (1)
vote for each share of Common Stock into which their shares of Series A Preferred Stock arc
convertible on the record date for the vote, and (b) the holders of Common Stock shall have one
(1) vote per share of Common Stock.

(2) Voting Rights for the Election of Directors. The number of Directors on
the Board of Directors shall be five (5), or such greater number as may be determined by the

unanimous consent of the Board of Directors. Each time the shareholders of the Corporation
meet, or act by written consent in lieu of a meeting, for the purpose of electing member(s) of the
Board of Directors, (i) the holders of Common Stock, voting separately as a class, shall] clect two
(2) members of the Board of Directors and (ii) the holders of the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock, voting separately as a class, shall elect three (3) members of the Board of Directors. Any
vacancy, including vacancies created by removal or resignation of a Director may be filled by a
majority of the Directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
Director and the Directors so chosen shall! hold office until the next annual election and until
their successors are duly elected and shall qualify, unless sooner displaced; provided. however,
that where such vacancy occurs among the Directors elected by the holders of a class or series of
shares, the holders of shares of such class or series may override the Board’s action to fill such
vacancy by (i) voting for their own designee to fill such vacancy at a meeting of such
shareholders or (ii) written consent, if the consenting shareholders hold a sufficient number of
shares to elect their designee at a meeting of the shareholders. Any Director elected as provided
above may be removed during the aforesaid term of office, either with or without cause, by, and
only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of the class or series of shares entitled to elect such
Director or Directors, given either at a special mecting of such shareholders duly called for that
purpose or pursuant to a written consent of shareholders, and any vacancy thereby created may
be filled by the holders of that class or series of shares represented at the mecting or pursuant to
written consent.

F. Protective Provisions.

After the Issue Date, so long as at least Two Million Five Hundred Thousand
(2,500,000) shares of Series A Preferred Stock (such number of shares being subject to
proportional adjustments to reflect combinations or subdivisions of such Series A Preferred

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -lI-
25.4583/2/DDM/101981-0006

20115622.1

Stock or dividends declared in shares of such Series A Preferred Stock) remain outstanding, the
Corporation shall not:

(1) Without the approval, by vote or written consent, of the holders of at least a
two-thirds (2/3) majority of the Series.A Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting as a single
class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis:

(i) amend or repeal any provision of (a) these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation or (b) the Corporation's Bylaws;

(ii) amend the preferences, rights, or privileges of the Series A
Preferred Stock or increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total number of authorized
shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

(iii) authorize or issue any capital securities or issue any bonds, notes,
indebtedness, obligations or other securities convertible into, exchangeable for, or having rights
to purchase shares having rights, restrictions or preferences senior to or being on a parity with
the Series A Preferred Stock;

(iv) consummate a Liquidation Event;

(v) create any new plan or arrangement for the grant of any share
options or restricted shares or share equivalents or increase the number of shares under any such
plan or arrangement other than one(s) approved by the Board of Directors; or

(vi) agree or commit to take any of the foregoing actions.

(2) Without the prior approval of the Board of Directors, including the votes of at
least two of the three Directors elected solely by the Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation
shall not:

(i) declare or pay any dividends or make any other distribution (other
than dividends payable solely in shares of its own Common Stock or other distributions
explicitly set forth in these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation) on any securities
junior to the Series A Preferred Stock;

(ii) | repurchase or redeem any securities of the Corporation except
repurchases of Common Stock held by employees of, or consultants to, the Corporation apon
termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for such
repurchase or pursuant to Bylaws provisions allowing repurchase upon exercise of rights of first
refusal or as otherwise expressly authorized herein;

(iii) authorize, borrow or enter into any obligation for any form of
indebtedness or payment of more than one million dollars ($1,000,009) in cash or securities of
the Corporation;

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -12-
254583/2/DDM/10198 1-0006

29115622.1

(iv) establish any joint venture or equivalent business combination or
arrangement, including, without limitation, a partnership with any subsidiaries or affiliates not
wholly owned by this Corporation;

(v) enter into any transaction with any shareholder, officer or Director
of the Corporation or any affiliate of such person(s) except for (a) employment matters in the
ordinary course, (b) arms’ length or other sales of securities at fair market value (which shall
include the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock), or (c) other transactions which in case of this
clause (c) are approved by a disinterested majority of the Board of Directors or a special
committee composed of one or more such persons and on terms which are fair to the
Corporation; or

(vi) agree or commit to take any of the foregoing actions.

(1) No _Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Series A
Prefcrred Stock acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or
otherwise shall be reissued, and all such shares shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated from
the shares which the Corporation shali be authorized to issue.

(2) Preemptive Rights. No shareholder of the Corporation shall have a right to
purchase the Corporation’s capital shares sold or issued by the Corporation except to the extent
that such a right may from time to time be set forth in a written agreement between the
Corporation and a shareholder.

(3) Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the
Corporation not otherwise expressly provided for in these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation shall be vested in the Common Stock.

ARTICLE VI

Election of Directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws ot the Corporation
shall so provide.

ARTICLE VII

Meetings of shareholders may be held within or without the State of Oregon, as the
Bylaws of this Corporation may provide. The books of this Corporation may be kept (subject to
any provision contained in the statutes) outside the State of Oregon at such place or places as
may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of this
Corporation.

ARTICLE VIII
This Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, in the manner now or

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -13-
254583/2/DDM/101981 -0006

20115622.1

hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon shareholders herein are granted
subject to this reservation.

ARTICLE IX

The Corporation is authorized to purchase shares of Common Stock from present and
former employees, consultants and Directors pursuant to the arrangements approved by the
Board of Directors and to redeem shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Article V hereof without
taking into account the preferential liquidation rights of holders of Preferred Stock set forth in
Article V when applying the provisions of the Oregon Business Corporation Act to determine the
lawfulness of any such purchase or redemption.

ARTICLE X

No Director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its
shareholders for monetary damages for conduct as a Director, provided that this Article X shall
not eliminate the liability of a Director for any act or omission for which such elimination of
liability is not permitted under the Oregon Business Corporation Act. No amendment to the
Oregon Business Corporation Act that further limits the acts or omissions for which elimination
of liability is pcsmitted shall affect the liability of a Director for any act or omission that occurs
prior to the effective date of such amendment.

ARTICLE XI

Action required or permitted by the Oregon Business Corporation Act to be taken at a
shareholders’ meeting may be taken without a meeting if the action is taken pursuant to written
consent by shareholders having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to take such action at a meeting at which all shareholders entitled to vote on the action
were present and voted.

ARTICLE XIl

A. Indemnificaiion. The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent not
prohibited by law any Person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
Proceeding against all expenses (including attomeys’ fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the Person in connection with such Proceeding.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall not indemnify any Person from or on
account of acts or omissions of such Person of a type for which liability could not be eliminated
for a Director under ORS 60.047(2)(d).

B. Advancement_of Expenses. Expenses incurred by a Person in defending a
Proceeding shall in all cases be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of
such Proceeding at the written request of such Person, if the Person:

(1) furnishes the Corporation a written affirmation of the Person’s good faith
belief that such Person has met the standard of conduct described in the Oregon Business
Corporation Act or is entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation under any other
indemnification rights granted by the Corporation to such Person; and

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -14
254583/2/DDM/10198 1 -0006

201156225

i.

20115622.1

e

HI990-9S

(2) furnishes the Corporation a written undertaking to repa ’ such advance to
the extent it is ultimately determined by a court that such Person is not entitled to be indemnified
by the Corporation under this Article XII or under any other indemnification rights granted by
the Corporation to such Person.

Such advances shall be made without regard to the Person’s abil ty to repay such
advances and without regard to the Person’s ultimate entitlement to indemni ication under this
Article XII or otherwise.

‘ j Pexgon”. The term “Proce ding” means any
thestcoed, petine e  er boon in the right of the
Corporation or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative, or i vestigative nature,
in which an individual may be or may have been involved as a party or othe wise by reason of
the fact that the individual is or was a Director or officer of the Corporation o a fiduciary within
the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 w ith respect to any
employee benefit plan of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation
as a Director, officer, or fiduciary of an employee benefit plan of am sther Corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, whether or not serving in: uch capacity at the
time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advam ement of expenses
can be provided under this Article XII. The term “Person” means any indi ‘idual serving in a

capacity described in this Paragraph.

D.  Non-Exclusivity and Continyity of Rights. This Article X I: (i) shall not be
deemed exclusive of any other rights ts which those indemnified may de entitled under any
statute, agreement, general or specific action of the Board of Directors, vot. of shareholders or
otherwise, both as to action in the official capacity of the Person indemnifiec and as to action in
another capacity while holding office, (ii) shall continue as to a Person whx has ceased to be a
Director or officer, (iii) shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, a1 d administrators of
such Person, and (iv) shall extend to all claims for indemnification or advan cement of expenses
made after the adoption of this Article XII.

E. Amendments. Any repeal of this Article XII shall only be prospective and no
repeal or modification hereof shal] adversely affect the nghts under this Ar icle XII in effect at
the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that ‘s the cause of any
Proceeding.

Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation -15-
3 4583/2/D1DM/101981-0006
