State of Delaware
Va Secretary of State

Division of Corporations
hee = eer
SRV 060078607 - 3393869 FILE
AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AMPHORA DISCOVERY CORP.

Amphora Discovery Corp., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State
of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:

A. The name of the corporation is Amphora Discovery Corp. The corporation was
originally incorporated under the name of Amphora Discovery Sciences, Inc. The date of filing the
original Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware is May 18, 2001.

B. Pursuant to sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Dclawarc, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends and restates the
provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation.

C. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation is hereby amended and restated to

read as follows:

; ONE. The name of the corporation is Amphora Discovery Corp. (the
Corporation”).

TWO. | The address of the registered office of this Corporation in the State of
Delaware is the Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County
of New Castle. Delaware 19801 and the name of the registered agent at that address is The
Corporation Trust Company.

/ THREE. The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

FOUR. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the
Corporation is authorized to issue is 365,600,000, of which 215,450,000 shares of which are
designated Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) and 150,150,000 shares are designated Preferred
Stock (the “Preferred Stock”). Of the Preferred Stock, 1,300,000 shares are designated Series A
Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred”), 23,750,000 shares are
designated as Scries A-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (‘Scries A-1 Preferred”),
35,900,000 shares are designated as Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (“Series B
Preferred’’), 50,000,000 shares are designated as Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock
(“Series C Preferred”), 28.000,000 shares are designated as Series D Convertible Redeemable
Preferred Stock (‘Series D Preferred’), 7,750,000 shares are designated as Series E Convertible
Redeemable Preferred Stock (‘Series Preferred’) and 3,450,000 shares are designated as Series E-1]
Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (‘Series E-1 Preferred”), The Preferred Stock shall have a
par value of S0.001 per share, and the Common Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share.

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the Common
Stock and the Preferred Stock are as follows:

A. Dividends.

1. The holders of the Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-! Preferred shall be entitled to receive
cumulative dividends, which shall accrue whether or not declared, out of funds legally available
therefor, at the annual rate of $0.08 per share of Series A-| Preferred, $0.032 per share of Senes B
Preferred, $0.057 per share of Series C Preferred, $0.0624 per share of Series D Preferred, $0.0624
per share of Series E Preferred and $0.0624 per share of Series E-1 Preferred, held by them, as
adjusted for stuck splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, and similar events, prior and in
preference to the declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution (payable other than in
Common Stock) with respect to the Common Stock, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors.

2. The holders of the Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive non-
cumulative dividends, out of funds legally available therefor, at the annual rate of $0.08 per share of
Series A Preferred, held by them. as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends. recapitalizations, and
similar events, prior and in preference to the declaration or payment of any dividend or other
distribution (payable other than in Common Stock) with respect to the Common Stock, when, as and
if declared by the Board of Directors.

3. As long as any Shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-| Preferred, Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1] Preferred shall
be outstanding, no dividends or other distributions shall be made with respect to the Common Stock,
other than dividends payable solely in Common Stock, without the approval of 66 2/3% of the
Series A Preferred, Series A-] Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred,
Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis.

4. Upon conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to the provisions
of Section C, the holder of any converted shares of Preferred Stock shall no longer be entitled to any
and all dividends accrued up to the date of such conversion pursuant to this Section A with respect to
such converted shares of Preferred Stock.

CADocuments and Setlings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amerded_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -2-
B. Liquidation Preference

1. Preferred Stock Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary (each a “Liquidation Event’), the
holders of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E
Preferred and Series E-1| Preferred shall be entitled to receive, pari passu with each other but prior
and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the
holders of Series A Preferred and Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof: the amount
of $1.00 per share (as adjusted for Series A-1 Preferred stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations and similar events) for each share of Series A-1 Preferred (the “Original Series A-|
Issue Price”) then held; thc amount of $0.40 per share (as adjusted for Series B Preferred stock
splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events) for each share of Series B Preferred (the
“Original Series B Issue Price”) then held; the amount of $0.71 12 per share (as adjusted from Series
C Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events) for each share of
Series C Preferred (the “Original Series C Issue Price’’) then held; the amount of $0.78 per share (as
adjusted for Series D Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events) for
each share of Series D Preferred (the “Original Series D Issue Price”) then held; the amount o
per share (as adjusted for Series E Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, rpeapHukzations and
similar events) for each share of Series E Preferred then held; the amount Best se, er share (as
adjusted for Series E-| Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events)
for each share of Series E-1 Preferred then held; and, in addition, an amount equal to any unpaid
dividends, whether accrued or declared, as applicable, on the Series A-1 Preferred, Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred. If the
assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred,
Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-! Preferred are insutticient to
permit the payment to such holders of their full preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds
of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed among the holders of
Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
and Series E-1 Preferred in proportion to the full preferential amount each such holder is otherwise
entitled to receive under this Section B(1). For purpose of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
rare may be amended from time to time the term ‘Original Scrics E Issue Price” shall

mean re) 78 per share (as adjusted for Series E Preferred stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizafions and similar events); and the term ‘Original Series E-! [Issue Price” shall mes $0.18>
per share (as adjusted for Series F-1 Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations

similar events).

After payment to the holders of Series A-! Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preterred,
Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred the amounts set forth in the first
sentence of this Section B(1), the holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive prior and
in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the
holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof: the amount of $1.00 per share (as
adjusted for Series A Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events) for
each share of Series A Preferred (the “Original Series A Issue Price’) then held; and, in addition, an
amount equal to any unpaid dividends declared, as applicable, on the Series A Preferred. If the
assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred are insufficient to
permit the payment to such holders of their full preferential amount, then the assets and funds of the

CDocuments and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\A mphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -3-
Corporation remaining after the payment to the holders of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred,
Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred the amounts they
are entitled to receive under this Section B(L) shall be distributed among the holders of Series A
Preferred in proportion to the number of shares of Series A Preferred held by each such holder.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section B(1), the holders of Series A Preferred,
Series A-1 Preferred, Scrics B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
and Series E-1 Preferred shall not receive pursuant to this Section B(1) more than an amount per
share which, when added to all dividends previously paid on each share of Series A Preferred,
Series A-| Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
and Series E-1 Preferred, as applicable, is equal to 300% of the Original Series A Issue Price,
Original Series A-1 Issue Price, Original Scrics B Issuc Price, Original Series C Issue Price, Original
Series D Issue Price, Original Series E Issue Price or Original Series E-1 Issue Price, as applicable.
No payment shall be made with respect to the Common Stock unless and until full payment has been
made to the holders of the Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred of the amounts they are
entitled to receive under this Section B(1).

2. Remaining Assets. After payment to the holders of Series A Preferred,
Series A-] Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred. Series E Preferred
and Series E-1 Preferred of the amounts set forth in Section B(1) above, the remaining assets and
funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution, if any, to stockholders shall be distributed
arnong the holders of Series A-! Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred and the holders of Common Stock pro rata
and based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such
Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series F Preferred
and Series E-1 Preferred), provided that the holders of Series A-! Preferred, Series B Preferred,
Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-| Preferred shall not receive
pursuant to Sections B(1) and (2), combined, more than an amount per share which, when added to
all dividends previously paid on each share of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series F-1 Preferred, as applicable, is equal to
300% of the Original Series A-1 Issue Price, Original Series B Issue Price, Original Series C Issue
Price, Original Series D Issue Price, Original Serics E Issue Price or Original Series E-1 Issue Price,
as applicable, and all remaining assets and funds after the maximum distribution to the holders of
Preferred Stock shall be distributed to the holders of Common Stock. If the Corporation closes a sale
of its equity securities at a price per share of at least $1.75 with gross proceeds to the Corporation of
at least $25,000,000.00, the right of the Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred,
Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred to participate with the Common
Stock in any distribution pursuant to this Section B(2) shall terminate, and thereafter, the Scrics A-]
Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series
E-1 Preferred shall only receive amounts distributed pursuant to Section B(1).

3. Reorganization or Merger. Except for bona fide financings for capital raising
purposes approved by the Board of Directors and the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the then-issued
and outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis, a reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any

CADocuments and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\Amphora - Scrics E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporaticn_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -4-
other corporation or entity, in which transaction or series of related transactions the Corporation’s
stockholders immediately prior to such transaction own immediately after such transaction less than
50% of the equity securities of the surviving corporation or its parent, or a sale, conveyance or
encumbrance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, shall be deemed to be a
Liquidation Event within the meaning of this Scction B.

In the event of transaction or series of transactions that is deemed to be a Liquidation Event
pursuant to this Section B(3), all consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation in
connection with any such merger, consolidation, or all consideration payable to the Corporation and
distributable to its stockholders, together with all other available assets of the Corporation (net of
obligations owed by the Corporation that are senior to the Preferred Stock), in connection with any
such asset sale, shall be, as applicable, paid by the purchaser to the holders of, or distributed by the
Corporation pursuant to a liquidation or dissolution or in redemption (out of funds legally available
therefor) of, the Preferred Stock in accordance with the preferences and priorities set forth in Section
B(1) and Section B(2) above, with such preferences and priorities specifically intended to be
applicable in any such merger, consolidation or asset sale, as if such transaction were a Liquidation
Event. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Corporation shall take such actions as are necessary to
give effect to the provisions of this Section B, including, without limitation, (i) in the case of a
merger or consolidation, causing the definitive agreement relating to such merger or consolidation to
provide for a rate at which the shares of Preferred Stock are converted into or exchanged for cash,
new sccuritics or other property which gives effect to the preferences and priorities set forth in
Section B(1) and Section B(2) above. or (ii) in the case of an asset sale, carrying out a liquidation or
dissolution or redeeming the Preferred Stock. The amount deemed distributed to the holders of
Preferred Stock upon any such transaction shall be the cash or the value of the property, rights or
securities distributed to such holders by the Corporation or the acquiring person, firm or other entity,
as applicable.

4. Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation distributed to
stockholders in connection with any Liquidation Event are other than cash, then the value of such
assets shall be their fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, except
that any securities to be distributed to stockholders in a Liquidation Event shall be valued as follows:

a. The method of valuation of securities not subject to investment letter
or other similar restrictions on free marketability shall be as follows:

(i) if the securities are then traded on a national sccuritics
exchange or the Nasdaq National Market (or a similar quotation system), then the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over the
30-day period ending three (3) days prior to the distribution: and

(ii) if actively traded over-the-counter, then the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior
to the distribution; and

(i) ‘if there is no active public market, then the value shall be the
fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

CADocuments aad Scttings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet FilestOLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -5-
b. The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or
other restrictions on free marketability shal] be to make an appropriate discount from the market
value determined as above in subsections (a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section B(4) to reflect the
approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

C. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows
(the “Conversion Rights”):

l. Right to Convert. Except as otherwise set forth in Section C(4)(d), each share
of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preterred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred shall be convertible, at the option of and
without the payment of any additional consideration by the holder thereof, at any time into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the
Deemed Issuance Price (as defined below) by the Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at
the time of conversion. The Deemed Issuance Price for the Series A Preferred shall be $1.00 (as
adjusted for Series A Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events).
The Deemed Issuance Price of the Series A-1 Preferred shall be $0.71 12 (as adjusted for Series A-1
Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events). The Deemed Issuance
Price for the Senes B Preferred shall be $0.28448 (as adjusted for Series B Preferred stock splits,
stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events). The Deemed Issuance Price for the Series C
Preferred shall be $0.7112 (as adjusted for Series C Preferred stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations and similar events). The Deemed Issuance Price for the Series D Preferred shall be
$0.78 (as adjusted for Series D Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar
events), The Deemed Issuance Price of the Series E Preferred shall be $0.78 (as adjusted for Series
E Preferred stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events). The Deemed
Issuance Price for the Series E-1 Preferred shall be $0.78 (as adjusted for Series E-] Preferred stock
splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events). The Conversion Price for the Series A
Preferred shall initially be $100,000.00, subject to adjustment as provided below. The Conversion
Price for the Series A-1 Preferred shall initially be $0.7112, subject to adjustment as provided below.
The Conversion Price for the Series B Preferred shall initially he $0.7112, subject to adjustment as
provided below. The Conversion Price for the Series C Preferred shall initially be $0.71 12, subject
to adjustment as provided below. The Conversion Price for the Series D Preferred shall initially be
$0.78, subject to adjustment as provided below. The Conversion Price for the Series E Preferred
shall initially be $0.78. subject to adjustment as provided below. The Conversion Price for the
Series E-1 Preferred shall initially be $0.78, subject to adjustment as provided below. The number
of shares of Common Stock into which a share of Series A Preferred. Series A-| Preferred, Series B
Preterred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series E-! Preferred is
convertible is hereinafter referred to as the “Conversion Rate” of the Scrics A Preferred, Series A-!
Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series
E-| Preferred, as applicable.

2. Automatic Conversion. Except as otherwise set forth in Section C(4)(d), each
share of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preterred, Series D
Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred shall automatically be converted into shares of
Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate (i) immediately prior to the closing of a firm
commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-1

CaDocuments and Settings\GreenCa\Local Seitings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK 3\Amphora - Series E Amended _Restated Centificate of
Incurporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -6-
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ‘‘Act”), covering the offer and sale of Common
Stock for the account of the Corporation to the public at a price per share of not less than $2.00 (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events) with gross proceeds to
the Corporation of not less than $20,000,000: or (ii) upon the consent of holders of at least 66 2/3%
of the Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis.

3. Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A Preferred, Series A-
] Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series
E-1 Preferred shall be entitled to convert the samc into full sharcs of Common Stock and to reccive
certificates therefor. such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed,
at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give
written notice to the Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same; provided,
however, that in the event of a conversion pursuant to Sections C(2) or C(4)(d), the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-] Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred shall be converted automatically without any
further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such
shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent, and, provided further, that the
Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such automatic conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred
Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent, as provided above, or the holder
notifies the Corporation or the Corporation’s transfer agent that such certificates have been lost,
stolen or destroyed and executes an affidavit to such effect, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the
Corporation. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or such affidavit in
the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of
Series A Preferred. Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred,
Series F Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which the holder shall be entitled and a check payable to the holder in the amount
of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock.
Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on
the date of such surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series E-] Preferred to be
converted, in the case of automatic conversion in connection with an underwritten public offering,
immediately prior to the closing of the offering, or in the case of conversion in connection with the
consent of the holders of at Icast 66 2/3% of the Preferred Stock then outstanding (voting together as
a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis), immediately upon receipt of such
consent, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such date.

4, Adjustments to Conversion Price of Preferred Stock for Dilutive Issues:

a. Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section C(4), the following
definitions shall apply:

CADocuments and Settings\GzeenCa\Lecal Settings\Temporary Internet Filesi\OLK 3\Amphora - Se-ies F Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -7-
(i) | “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(ii) | “Convertible Securities® shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness, shares of capital stock (other than the Common Stock) or other securities convertible
into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(iii) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all shares of
Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section C(4)(b), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation,
_ other than:

(A) shares of the Corporation’s capital stock issued upon
any conversion of the Preferred Stock (including, without limitation, any conversion pursuant to
Sections C(4)(d) below);

(B) shares of the Corporation’s capital stock issued
pursuant to bona fide acquisitions, mergers, technology licenses or purchases, corporate partnering,
agreements or other similar transactions, in each case unanimously approved by the Board of
Directors;

(C) _ shares of the Corporation’s capital stock (or related
Options) issued to employees, officers, directors, consultants, or other persons performing services
for the Corporation (including, but not by way of limitation, distributors and sales representatives)
pursuant to any stock offering, plan, or arrangement (1) in effect as of the initial issuance date of the
Series C Preferred as approved by the Board of Directors or (2) unanimously approved by the Board
of Directors;

(D) _ shares of the Corporation’s capital stock issued to
financial institutions in connection with extensions of credit to the Corporation, to lessors in
connection with leases of equipment or real property or in similar transactions, in each case
approved unanimously by the Board of Directors;

(E) shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock issued in
connection with any stock split, stock dividend, or stock combination thereof by the Corporation;

(F) all shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion or exercise of Convertible Securities or Options issued and outstanding on the date this
document is filed with the Delaware Secretary of State;

(G) _ shares of capital stock issued in a public offering in
which all of the Preferred Stock will be converted; or

(H) except as otherwise provided in this
Section C(4)(a)({iii), shares of capital stock of the Corporation, or sccurities convertible into shares of
capital stock of the Corporation, the issuance of which is unanimously approved by the Board of
Directors as being excluded from the definition of “Additional Shares of Common Stock” as set
forth herein.

CaDucuments and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -8-
b. Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event
the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the original issue date for the Series D

Preterred shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the
determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or
Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as sct forth in the instrument relating
thereto assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to exercisability. including, without limitation,
the passage of time and without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the
case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such
issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record
date, provided that, Additional Shares of Common Stock shall not be deemed to have been issued
unless the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section C(4)(e) hereof) of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock would be less than the Conversion Price for the Series A-]
Preferred, Series B Preferred, Scries C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series
E-| Preferred in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issuance, or such record date, as
the case may be, and, provided further, that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common
Stock are deemed to be issued:

(i) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be made
upon the subscquent issuance of Convertible Securities or shares of Common Stock upon the
exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities;

(ii) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase or decrease in the consideration
payable to the Corporation, or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon the exercise,
conversion or exchange thereof, the Conversion Price computed upon the original issuc thercof (or
upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based
thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect such
increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under
such Convertible Securities;

(iii) | upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have bcen exercised, the
Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date
with respect thereto). and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon such expiration, be
recomputed as if:

(A) _ in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were the sharcs of Common
Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the
consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise, or for the issue of all such
Convertible Securities which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional
consideration, if any, actually reccived by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and

C:\Documents and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files,OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended _Restated Certificate of
incorporation (PALIB2_ 2302078 3).DOC -9-
(B) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, only
the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of
issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of
Common Stock deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issuc of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration
deemed to have been received by the Corporation upon the issue of the Convertible Securities with
respect to which such Options were actually exercised;

(iv) no readjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) above shall have
the effect of increasing the Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of (A) the
Conversion Price on the original adjustment date, or (B) the Conversion Price that would have
resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the original adjustment
date and such readjustment date; and

(v) _ in the case of any Options which expire by their terms not more
than 90 days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustment of the Conversion Price shal! be made
until the expiration or exercise of all such Options.

C. Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares
of Common Stock. In the event this Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock

(including Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section C(4)(b))
after the original issue date for the Series E Preferred without consideration or for consideration per
share less than the Conversion Price for the Series A-| Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Serics D Preferred, Scrics E Preferred or Scrics E-! Preferred in cffcct on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, then, and in such event, the Conversion Price for the Series A-|
Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series
E-| Preferred, as applicable shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price equal to the
consideration per share for which Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued. 7

d. Special Mandatory Conversion.

(i) Definitions. For purposes of this Section C(4)(d) the following
terms shall have the meanings set forth below.

(A) — “Pro Rata Share” with respect to each holder of
Series A-| Preferred. Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred. Series E Preferred
and Series E-1 Preferred shall mean:

(i) At or prior to the time of the final closing of the
sale of Series E Preferred in a transaction or series of related transactions constituting the first
Dilutive Issuance after the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation: that
portion of the total number of shares of the Dilutive Issuance (as defined below) equal to (1) the
lesser of (x) the number of shares of the Dilutive Issuance actually offered to all holders of Series A-
] Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series
E-1 Preferred by the Corporation, or (y), the Sharc Cap (2) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of
which is (i) the sum of the shares of Serics C Preferred and Series D Preferred held by such holder as

CADucuinents aid Seitings\GreenCa\Local Sertings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -10-
of the date of the Issuance Notice, as defined bclow, divided by the total outstanding shares of Series
C and D Preferred, plus (ii) the sum of the shares of Serics A-1 Preferred. Series B Preferred, Series
C Preferred and Series D Preferred held by such holder as of the date of the Issuance Notice divided
by the total outstanding Series A-| Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred and Series D
Preferred, and the denominator of which is two (2); and

(ii) After the time of the final closing of the sale of
Series E Preferred in a transaction or scries of related transactions constituting the first Dilutive
Issuance after the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation: that portion of
the total number of shares of the Dilutive Issuance equal to (1) the lesser of (x) the number of shares
of the Dilutive Issuance actually offered to all holders of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred,
Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred by the
Corporation, or (y) the Share Cap (2) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number
of shares of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E
Preferred and Series E-] Preferred held by such holder as of the date of the [ssuance Notice. as
defined below, and the denominator of which is the total number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred,
Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1
Preferred outstanding as of such date.

(B) “Participating Investor” shall mean any holder of
Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred. Series E Preferred
or Series E-1 Preferred, as applicable, that purchases at least its Pro Rata Share of a Dilutive
Issuance, provided however, that if a holder is a member of a group of Affiliated Entities and one or
more of the Affiliated Entities making up such group in the aggregate purchase a dollar amount of
such Dilutive Issuance equal to the aggregate Pro Rata Share of all holders making up such group of
Affiliated Entities all such holders in such group shall be deemed to be Participating Investors.

(C) “‘Nonparticipating Investor’ shall mean any holder of
Series A-! Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred. Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
or Series E-1 Preferred that is not a Participating Investor.

(D) “Affiliated Entity” shall mean, only for purposes of this
Section C(4)(d), as to any cntity, another cntity that dircctly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries. controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such specified entity.

(E) “Conversion Time” shall mean the earliest to occur of
(i) the time of the final closing of the sale of securities in a transaction or series of related
transactions constituting a Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the time immediately prior to the time a holder of
Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
or Scrics E-1 Preferred attempts to voluntarily convert any of such shares into Common Stock
pursuant to Section C(1), or (iii) the time immediately prior to the time the outstanding Preferred
Stock is automatically converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section C(2).

(F) “Share Cap” shall mean:

CADocuments and Sextings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
incorporaticn_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -11-
(i) At or prior to the time of the final closing of the
sale of Series E Preferred in a transaction or series of related transactions constituting the first
Dilutive Issuance after the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation: a
number of shares equal to (1) $7,000,000 less the aggregate purchase price of all Series E Preterred
actually offered by the Corporation to all holders of Scrics A-! Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series
C Preferred, and Series D Preferred in accordance with the provisions of this Section C(4)(d) in all
Dilutive Issuances occurring after the filing time of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, divided by (2) the price per share of the securities to be issued and sold in such
Dilutive Issuance; and

(i1) After the time of the final closing of the sale of
Series E Preferred in a transaction or series of related transactions constituting the first Dilutive
Issuance after the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation: a number of
shares equal to (1) $2,000,000 less the aggregate purchase price of all securities actually offered by
the Corporation to al] holders of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preterred, Series
D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Scrics E-| Preferred in accordance with the provisions of this
Section C(4)(d) in all Dilutive Issuances occurring after the time of the final closing of the sale of
Series E Preferred in a transaction or series of related transactions constituting the first Dilutive
Issuance after the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, divided by
(2) the price per share of the securities to be issued and sold in such Dilutive Issuance.

(G)  ‘“Dilutive Issuance” shall mean an issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to be
issued pursuant to Section C(4)(b), but, for purposes of this Section C(4)(d) only, without giving
effect to the second to last proviso of the introductory paragraph of such Section preventing
Additional Shares of Common Stock from being deemed issued unless the consideration per share of
such Additional Shares of Common Stock was less than the applicable Conversion Price of the
Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
or Series E-1 Preferred) after the original issue date for the Series D Preferred without consideration
or for consideration per share less than or equal to the Conversion Price for the Series D Preferred in
effect in the date of and immediately prior to stock issuance.

(ii) | Mechanics of Special Mandatory Conversion.

(A) _ Inthe event the Corporation proposes to undertake a
Dilutive Issuance, it shall give cach holder of Scrics A-! Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred a written notice (the
“Issuance Notice”) of its intention, describing the type of securities proposed to be issued in the
Dilutive Issuance, the price and number of such securities and the general terms upon which the
Corporation proposes to issue such securities, at least five (5) days prior to the date of such Dilutive
Issuance. Each holder of Scries A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1i Preferred; or any representative of such holder on behalf
of such holder, may, within five (5) days from the time of receipt by the holder (by mail, fax,
overnight delivery, or electronic delivery) of the Issuance Notice, provide written notice to the
Corporation that such holder agrees to purchase securities in the Dilutive Issuance for the price and
upon the terms specified in the Issuance Notice. In the event that such holder fails to actually

CADucuments and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Inteme: Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -}2-
become or be deemed to be a Participating Investor (other than as a result of the Corporation failing
to offer such holder an opportunity to purchase such holder’s Pro Rata Share) at or prior to the
Conversion Time, then such holder shall be deemed to be a Nonparticipating Investor.

(B) All shares of Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred,
Series C Preferred. Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred held by a
Nonparticipating Investor shall be converted automatically as of the Conversion Time into shares of
omnes the Conversion Rate for such shares of Preferred Stock in effect as of immediately
‘prior to the initial closing of such Dilutive Issuancé (and without giving effect to the adjustment to
the Conversion Price for such shares of Preferred Stock as a result of or in connection with such
Dilutive Issuance).

(C) Upon the conversion of Series A-1 Preferred, Senes B
Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred held by
a Nonparticipating Investor as set forth in this Section C(4)(d)(it), such shares of Series A-1
Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series
E-| Preferred shall no longer be outstanding on the books of the Corporation, and may not be
reissued, and the Nonparticipating Investor shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of
such shares of Common Stock, acquired pursuant to the conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred,
Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1!
Preferred at the Conversion Time.

e. Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section C(4), the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common Stock
shall be computed as follows:

(i) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(A) _ insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation.

(B) _ insofar as it consists of property othcr than cash, be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the Buard
of Directors irrespective of any accounting treatment: and

(C) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are
issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration
which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (A) and (B) above, as detcrmined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per
share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have heen
issued pursuant to Section C(4)(b), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be
determined by dividing:

(A) The total amount, if any, received or receivable by the
Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the
C:\Documents and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -|3-
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating
thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
considcration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Sccurities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities; by

(B) |The maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as
set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a
subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

5. Fractional Shares. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder of
Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred,
Series E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay
cash cqual to such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of one share of Series A Preferred,
Series A-| Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
or Series E-1 Preferred, as applicable, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shal] be determined
on the basis of the total number of shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred of each
holder at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon each such holder’s agyregate conversion.

6. Adjustment of Conversion Price: Cash Dividends: Merger Consideration.

a. The Conversion Price of each share of Series A Preferred, Series A-|
Preterred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series
E-1 Preferred shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows: (i) if the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding at any time after the date hereof is increased by a stock dividend
payable in shares of Common Stock or by a subdivision or split-up of shares of Common Stock,
then, on the date such payment is made or such change is effective, the Conversion Price of the
Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred,
Series E Preferred or Series E-] Preferred, as applicable, shall be appropriately decreased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of Serics A Preferred,
Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred. Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
or Series E-I Preferred shall be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares; or
(ii) if the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after the date hereof is
decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, on the effective date
of such combination, the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred, Scries A-1 Preferred, Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Scries E Preferred or Series E-| Preferred, as
applicable, shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
on conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-] Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred shall be decreased in
proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

CADocuments and Settings'GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amiended_Restated Certificate of
Incerporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -14-
b. In case the Corporation shall declare a cash dividend upon its
Common Stock payable otherwise than out of retained earnings or shall distribute to holders of its
Common Stock shares of its capital stock (other than Common Stock), stock or other securities of
other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons, assets
(excluding cash dividends) or options or rights (excluding options to purchase and rights to subscribe
for Common Stock or other securities of the Corporation convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock), then, in each such case, the holders of the Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred,
Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-|
Preferred shall, concurrent with the distribution to holders of Common Stock, receive a like
distribution based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Series A Preferred,
Scrics A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
or Series E-1 Preferred is then convertible.

c. In case at any time after the date hereof, there is any capital
reorganization, or any reclassification of the stock of the Corporation (other than as a result of a
stock dividend or subdivision, split-up or combination of shares), the shares of Series A Preferred,
Series A-| Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
and Series E-1 Preferred shall, after such reorganization or reclassification, be convertible into the
kind and number of shares of stock or other securities ur property of the Corporation or otherwise to
which such holder would have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization or
reclassification such holder had converted its shares of Series A Preterred, Series A-] Preferred,
Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series E-] Preferred
into Common Stock. The provisions of this Section C(6Xc) shall similarly apply to successive
reorganizations or reclassifications.

d. Except as otherwise specified, al] calculations under Section C(4) and
this Section C(6) shall be made to the nearest $0.00001 or to the nearest one hundredth (1/100) of a
share, as the case may be.

7. Minimal Adjustments. No adjustment in the Conversion Price for the
Series A Preferred, Scrics A-| Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred,
Series E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred need be made if such adjustment would result in a change
in the Conversion Price of less than $0.0001. Any adjustment of less than $0.0001 which is not
made as a result of the provisions of this Section C(7) shall be carried forward and shall be made at
the time of and together with any subsequent adjustment which, on a cumulative basis, amounts to
an adjustment of $0.0001 or more in the Conversion Price.

8. No Impairment. The Corporation will not, without the consent of the holders
of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding Preferred Stock voting together as a single class on an as-
converted to Common Stock basis, through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or anv other voluntary action, avoid or
seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section C and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment. This

C:\Documents and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Cortificate of
incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -15-
provision shall not restrict the Corporation’s right to amend its Certificate of Incorporation with the
requisite stockholder consent.

9. Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Rate pursuant to Sections C(4), (6) or (7), the Corporation, at its
expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hercof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred, as
applicable, a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon written request
at any time of any holder of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Scrics D Preferred, Scrics E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) all such adjustments and readjustments;
(ii) the Conversion Rate at the time in effect; and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and
the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
such holder’s shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-| Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Scrics D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series E-] Preferred.

10. Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Corporation of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right
to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other
securities or property or to receive any other right, the Corporation shal] mail to each holder of
Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred,
Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred at least twenty (20) days prior to such record date, a
notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend
or distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

ll. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section C to be given
to any holder of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Serics C Preferred,
Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series E-1] Preferred shall be deemed given or received if
deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such
holder's address appearing on the Corporation’s books.

Dz Voting Rights.

1. Generally. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of such
Preferred Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or written consent of stockholders
and, except as otherwise required by law, shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting
rights and powers of the Common Stock. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation and
shall vote with holders of the Common Stock upon all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders,
except with respect to those matters required pursuant to Section D(2) or Section F or by law to be
submitted to a class or series vote. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any
fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares of Common

C:\Documents and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internat Files}OLK3\Amphom - Series E Amerded_Restated Certificate of
Incorporauon_(PALIB2_3392078_3).DOC -16-
Stock into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be
disregarded. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the right to one vote, and shall
be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation,
and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may be provided by law.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, the holders of Common Stock shall vote together with the holders of Preferred Stock as a
single class with respect to any proposed amendment hereto that would increase the authorized
number of shares of Common Stock, with each such share being entitled to such number of votes per
share as is provided in this Article FOUR, and the holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to
a separate class vote with respect thereto unless otherwise required by law.

2. Directors.

a. Number of Directors. Except as reduced by Section D(2)(c), there
shall be seven (7) directors of the Corporation, provided that, such number of directors may be
increased with the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of Common Stock,
voting as a separate class and the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding Series A Preferred,
Series A-] Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred
and Series E-1 Preferred. voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis.

b. Election by Class. The directors shall be elected as follows:

(i) Four (4) directors (the “Preferred Directors’) shall be elected
by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class.

(i1) | One (1) director (the “Common Director”) shall be elected by
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting together as a single
class.

(iii) | Any remaining directors (the “Joint Directors”) shall be elected
by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting

scparatcly as scparate classes, on an as-converted-to-Common-Stock basis.

c. Removal of Directors, Reduction of Number of Directors.

(i) | Ifat any time there are fewer than 100,000 shares
(appropriately adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events) of
Preferred Stock, combined, outstanding (i) the right of the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock to
elect the Preferred Directors will terminate; (ii) a voting shift shall be effected and the term of office
of the Preferred Directors will automatically terminate; and (iii) the authorized number of directors
shall be reduced by four. In addition, the Preferred Directors may be removed by vote or wrilten
consent of a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting together as a single
class on an as-converted basis.

(ii) | The Common Director may be removed by vote or written
consent of a majority of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding, voting as a single class.
CADocuments and Semtings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\4mphora - Series E Amerded_Restated Certiticate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -17-
(iii) | The Joint Directors may be removed by vote or written consent
of a majority of the shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock then outstanding. voting separately
as separate classes, on an as-converted basis.

d. Vacancies.

(i) In the event of a vacancy on the Board of Directors created by
the resignation, death, or removal of a Preferred Director, such vacancy shall be filled: (i) by the
Corporation’s Board of Directors: or (ii) by vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of
the Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting together as a single class.

(ii) In the event of a vacancy on the Board of Directors created by
the resignation, death, or removal of the Common Director, such vacancy shall be filled: (i) by the
Corporation’s Board of Directors; or (ii) by vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of
the Common Stock then outstanding.

(iii) In the event of a vacancy on the Board of Directors created by
the resignation, death, or removal of a Joint Director, such vacancy shall be filled: (i) by the
Corporation’s Board of Directors; or (ii) by vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of
the Common Stock and Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting separately as separate classes, on an
as-converted basis.

E. Redemption.

1. Redemption Right.

a. No Call by the Corporation. The Corporation shall not have the right
to call for redemption all or any part of the Preferred Stock, but may, pursuant to the terms of this
Section E have the obligation to redecm the Scrics A Preferred, Series A-| Preferred, Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred. Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred.

b. Redemption of Preferred Stock. Upon receipt of written notice,
delivered to the Corporation on or after December 31, 2010, from the holders of at least a majority of
the aggregate number of then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series
B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-| Preferred (the
‘Redemption Call”), voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis,
the Corporation shall redeem all, but not less than all. of the outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E
Preferred and Series E-] Preferred, as provided in this Section E, by paying in cash therefor on the
Redemption Date (as defined below) an amount per share of Series A Preferred, Series A-]
Prefcrred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred or Series
E-1 Preferred, as applicable, equal to the Original Series A Issue Price, Original Series A-1! Issue
Price. Original Series B Issue Price, Original Series C Issue Price, Original Series D Issue Price,
Original Series E Issue Price or Original Series E-1 Issue Price, as applicable plus any unpaid
dividends, whether accrued or declared, as applicable, (the “Series A Redemption Pricc,”

“Series A-1 Redemption Price,” “Series B Redemption Price,” “Series C Redemption Price,” “Series

C:\Documents and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\'emporary Interne: Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -18-
D Redemption Price,” “Series E Redemption Price,” or ‘Series E-1 Redemption Price,” as
applicable).

c. Redemption Payments and Redemption Dates. The Corporation shall
pay the Series A Redemption Price, Series A-1 Redemption Price, Series B Redemption Price, Series

C Redemption Price, Series D Redemption Price, Series E Redemption Price and Series E-1
Redemption Price, as applicable, to the holders of Series A Preferred, Series A-1] Preferred, Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred to be
redeemed, and such shares shal] be redeemed in three installments (each, a “Redemption Payment’’)
with the first such Redemption Payment being paid no later than sixty (60) days following the
receipt by the Corporation of the Redemption Call, (the “First Redemption Date”), and the remaining
two Redemption Payments being paid no later than the first and second anniversaries of the First
Redemption Date, respectively (the date on which each such Redemption Payment is made being
herein referred to as a “Redemption Date’). Subject to the foregoing, on the first, second and third
Redemption Dates the Corporation shall redeem 33%, 50% and 100%, respectively, of the total
number of shares of each of the Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series
C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred outstanding as of the
date of each such Redemption Date.

2. Redemption Procedure.

a. Redemption Notice. At least thirty (30) but no more than sixty (60)
days prior to a Redemption Date, the Corporation shall mail a written notice (the “Redemption
Notice”), first class, postage prepaid, to each holder of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred,
Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1
Preferred of record at the close of business on the business day preceding the day on which such
notice is given (at the address last shown on the records of the Corporation for such holder or given
by the holder to the Corporation for the purpose of notice or, if no such address appears or is given,
at the place where the principal executive office of the Corporation is located). notifying such holder
of the requested redemption of the Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred,
Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred. The first
Redemption Notice shall specify (i) the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-1
Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Scrics E Preferred and Scries
E-| Preferred to be redeemed from such holder pursuant to Section E(1)(b), as applicable; (ii) the
number of shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred,
Series D Preferred. Series E Preferred and Series F-1 Preferred to be redeemed from such holder on
the first specific Redemption Date; (iii) the Series A Redemption Price, Series A-1 Redemption
Price, Series B Redemption Price, Series C Redemption Price, Series D Redemption Price, Serics E
Redemption Price or Series E-1 Redemption Price, as applicable, to be paid on such Redemption
Date; and (iv) the manner and the place for surrendering to the Corporation the certificate(s)
representing any shares to be redeemed. Subsequent Redemption Notices shall specify (i) the
number of shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred,
Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred to be redeemed from such holder on
the Redemption Date for which such Redemption Notice was sent; (ii) the Series A Redemption
Price, Series A-1 Redemption Price, Series B Redemption Price, Series C Redemption Price, Series
D Redemption Price, Series E Redemption Price or Series E-1 Redemption Price, as applicable, to be
CADocuments and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Filess\OLK 3\Amphora - Series E Ainended_Restated Certiticate nf
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -]9-
paid on said Redemption Date: and (iii) the manner and the place for surrendering to the Corporation
the certificates representing the shares to be redeemed on such Redemption Date. Except as
provided in Section E(2)(b), on or after each Redemption Date, each holder of shares of Preferred
Stock to be redeemed shall surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing the
shares subject to redemption on such Redemption Date. in the manner and at the place designated in
the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Series A Redemption Price, Series A-1 Redemption Price.
Series B Redemption Price, Series C Redemption Price, Series D Redemption Price, Series E
Redemption Price or Series E-1 Redemption Price, as applicable, in respect of each such share shall
be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the
owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be canceled. In the event less than all the shares
represented by any such certificate are redeemed on a particular Redemption Date, a new certificate
shall be issued to the holder representing the unredeemed shares.

b. Rights as Shareholder Terminate. From and after each Redemption
Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Series A Redemption Price, Series A-1
Redemption Price, Series B Redemption Price, Series C Redemption Price, Series D Redemption
Price, Series E Redemption Price or Series E-1 Redemption Price, as applicable, all rights and
preferences pertaining to those shares of Preferred Stock designated for redemption on such
Redemption Date (except the right to receive the Series A Redemption Price, Series A-1 Redemption
Price, Series B Redemption Price, Series C Redemption Price, Series D Redemption Price, Series E
Redemption Price or Series E-1 Redemption Price, as applicable, without interest, upon surrender of
the certificate or certificates therefor) shall cease with respect to such shares, and such shares shall
not thereatter be transterred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for any
purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of shares of
Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred,
Series E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred on any Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem the
total number of shares of Series A Preferrred. Series A-] Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred to be redeemed on such
date, those funds which arc Icgally available will be used to redecm the maximum possible aggregate
number of shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-| Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred,
Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred ratably among the holders of such
shares to be redeemed based upon their aggregate holdings of the Series A Preferred, Series A-1
Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series
E-1 Preferred. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation are legally available
for the redemption of shares of Preferred Stock, such funds will immediately be used to redeem the
balance of the shares which the Corporation has become obligated to redeem on any Redemption
Date, but which it has not redeemed (a “Remainder Redemption”). In any Remainder Redemption
the maximum possible aggregate number of unredeemed shares of Series A Preferred, Series A-}
Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred and Serics
E-1] Preferred shall be redeemed ratably among the holders of such Remainder Redemption shares
based upon their aggregate holdings of the Series A Preferred, Series A-1 Preferred. Series B
Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series FE Preferred and Series E-! Preferred.

F, Protective Provisions. In addition to any other rights provided by law, so long as
250,000 shares of Preferred Stock (as adjusted for Preferred Stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations and similar events) shall be outstanding, this Corporation shall not, without first

C:\Documents and Settings\GreenCa\! ncal Settings\Temporary Internet FilestOLK 3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorparation_(PALIB2_3302078_3) DOC -20-
obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis:

l. Amend the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the
Corporation (including pursuant to a merger) so as to matcrially and adverscly change the nights,
preferences. privileges or restrictions on the Preferred Stock;

2. Increase the authorized number of directors on the Corporation’s Board of
Directors;

3. authorize or create (by reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise) a
new class of shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior to, or pari passu with, the
Preferred Stock;

4. authorize (i) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with another entity
after which the stockholders of the Corporation shall own less than a majority of the outstanding
voting stock of the surviving corporation or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation;

5. authorize a liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation;

6. declare or pay any dividend or redeem or repurchase any shares of capital
stock of the Corporation (including pursuant to a merger), other than redemption or repurchase from
terminated employees or service providers, consultants or founders pursuant to contractual rights of
repurchase or redemption, or redemptions made pursuant to the provisions of Section E herein; and

7. as otherwise provided by applicable law.

G. Status of Redeemed Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
redeemed pursuant to Section E by payment of the Scrics A Redemption Price, Series A-1
Redemption Price, Series B Redemption Price, Series C Redemption Price, Series D Redemption
Price, Series E Redemption Price or Series E-! Redemption Price, as applicable, on a Redemption
Date, the shares so redeemed shall be canceled and shall not be issuable by the Corporation, and the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shal] be appropriately amended to effect the
corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

H, Reservation of Shares. The Corporation shall rescrve and keep available at all times,
so long as any shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, free from preemptive rights, out of its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion
of the shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation,
sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for the conversion of all outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock. If at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shal]
not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be
sufficient for such purpose.

C:\Documents and Settings\GreenCa\Lecal Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -2]-
L. Valid Issuance. Ail shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon conversion
of the shares of Preferred Stock will, upon issuance by the Corporation, be duly and validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance
thereof.

J. Payment of Taxes. The Corporation will pay all taxes (other than taxes based upon
income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to the issue or delivery of
shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of the Preferred Stock, excluding any tax or
other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of
Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Preferred Stock so converted were
registered.

K. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of capital stock not
expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested in the Common Stock.

FIVE. The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

SIX, In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the
Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

SEVEN. The election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of
the Corporation shall so provide.

EIGHT. Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of
Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any
provisions contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be
designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

NINE. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as
the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally
liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person made or
threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative or
investigative, by reason of the fact that such person or his or her testator or intestate is or was a
director, officer or employee of the Corporation, or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or
served at any other enterprise as a director, ofticer or employee at the request of the Corporation or
any predecessor to the Corporation. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the
adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article, shall
eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of
action, suit or claim that, but for this Article. would accrue or arise. prior to such amendment, repeal
or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

TEN. Advance notice of new business and stockholder nomination for the election

of directors shall be given in the manner and to the extent provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

C:\Documents and Settings\GreenCa\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Filesi\OLK3\Amphara - Sesies F Amended_Restated Certificate of
Incorporation_(PAIIR2_3302078_3).DOC -22-
ELEVEN. ‘The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any
provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by
statute. and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

TWELVE. For the purposes of all applicable legislation and regulation, each of the
natural persons who are stockholders, officers and directors of the Corporation (the “Natural
Persons’) authorize 3i Technology Partners L.P., 3i Group ple and affiliates of 31 Group plc (both
within and outside the United States, collectively “3i") to process (but only amongst such entities
and their advisors and only within the meaning of European Directive 95/46/EC) any personal data
concerning the Natural Persons which is obtained in the course of 3i’s due diligence and other
investment business. The personal data regarding the Natural Persons which 3i may process for such
purposes shial] include any such personal data which may have a bearing on the prudence or
commercial merits of investing or disposing of any stock (or other investment or security) in the
Corporation. Nothing in this authority shall entitle 3i to make any unauthorized disclosure of such
personal data to third parties.

A. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly approved by
the Board of Directors of this Corporation.

B. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware by the Board of Directors.

CADocunents and Settings\GreenCa\Lecal Settings\Temporary Internet Fi les\OLK3\Amphora - Series E Amended_Restated Cerificate of
Incorporation_(PALIB2_3302078_3).DOC -23-
