40673531

SHB S ea Ww

in the Office of the Secretary of State
AMENDED AND RESTATED of the State of California
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION FER 2 8 2009

OF
AMYRIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.

John G, Melo and Jety! Hilleman hereby certify that.

ONE: They are the Chief t-xecutive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of
Amynis Biotechnologies, Inc., a California corporation

TWO: The Anicles of Incorporation of the corporation are hereby amended and restated
to read in their entirety as follows:

ARTICLE t

The name of the corporation is Amyris Biowechnologies, inc (the “Company”.

ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Company is io engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Genera’ Corporation Law of Califomia other than the

hanking business. the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the Califomia Corporations Code.

ARTICLE If

4 classes of Stock. The Company :s authorized to issue two classes of shares to be
designateu respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Comrnon Stock (“Common
Stock”). The total number of shares of capital stock that the Company is authorized to issue is
36,687,142. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Company is authorized to
issue 18 13,087,142. The total number of shares of Common Stock thai the Company 1s
authorized to issue is 23,000.000.

The Preferred Stock shall be divided into series. The first series shall consist of
G.475.000 shares designated as “Series A Preferred Stock.” The second series shali consist of
1,929.64) shares designated as “Series B Preferred Stock.” The third series shall consist of
1.682.501 shares designated as “Series B-! Preferred Stock ”

1-PA/3082467 4

B. The Preferred Stuck, Me powers, preferences, nghts. restricuons, and other
matters relating lo the Preferred Stock are as follows:

1 Dividends

a. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series B-! Preferred Stock shall be entitled to recerve non-cumulative dividends, on a par!
passt basis, ut the rate of 8% of the Series A Issue Frice as defined in Section II1.B.2.a. (as
adjusted for uny stack dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum
for the Series A Preferred Stock, al the rate of 8% of the Series B Issue Price as defined in
Section 1H1.B.2.a (as adjusted for any stock dividends. combinations or splits with respect to such
shares) per annum for the Series B Preferred Stock and at the rate of 8% of the Series B-1 Issue
Price as defined in Section I11.B.2.a. (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits
with respect to such shares) per annum for the Series B-|] Preferred Stock, payable out of funds
legally available therefor. Such dividends shall te payable only when, as, and if declared by the
Board of Directors and shall be non-cumulative.

No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the Company)
shall be paid or other distribution made on any Common Stock of the Company, or purchase,
redemption or other acquisition of Common Stock for value during any fiscal year of the
Company unt dividends, in the amount of 8% of the Series A Issue Price (as adjusted for any
stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred
Stock, 8% of the Series B issue Price as defined in Section [T1.B.2.a (a3 adjusted for any stock
dividends. combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series B Preferred Stock
and 8% of the Series B-1 Issue Price as defined in Section 1J1.B.2.a (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or spiits with respect to such shares) on the Series B-! Preferred Stock.
shall have been paid or declared and set apart during ihat fisca: year, except for:

(1) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
fair market value} upon termination of services to the Company:

fii) acquisitions of Commen Stweck in exercise of the
Companys right of firs: refusal tc repurchase such shares; or

mia distributions te aolders of Common Stock tn accordance
with Seowon 2

h in the event the Company shal! declare a distribuuon or dividend
on eny Common Stock (other than dividends payable solely in Common Stock of the Company},
then, in ach such case. the holders of the Preterred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate
share of any such distributi.: as though the holders of the Preferred Stock were the holders of
the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company into which their respective shares-of
Preferred Stock are convertibie as of the record date fixed for the decermination of the holders of
Common Stock of the Company entitled tc receive such distribution.

EPA 3QB2407 4 2

2 Liquidation Preference.

a. in the event of any hiquidanhon, dissolution or winding up of the i
Company (a Liquidation”), whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders 01 ‘ne Senes .\

Preferred Stock, Senes B Preterred Stock and Series B-! Preferred Stock shall he entitled to
receive, On a puri paysu basis but prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the legally
available assets or surplus funds of the Company to the holders of the Common Stock by reason
of their ownership thereof, (1} in the case of Series A Preferred Stock, the ammount of $2.)74 per
share. as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares, (the
“Series A Issue Price”), plus all declared put unpaia dividends, ui cach sech share then held by
them, Gi) in the case of Series B Preferred Stock. the amount of $24.88 per share, as adjusted for
any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares (the “Senes B Issue
Price”), plus all declared but unpaid dividends, on each such share then held bv them and (iit) in
the case of Series B-! Preferred Stock, the amount of $25.26 per share, as acjusted fer any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares (the “Series B-| Issue Price”), plus :

ail declared but unpaid dividends, on each such share then held by them. If upon the occurrence
of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of :he Preferred Stock
shall be insufiicient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential
amount, then the entire assets and funds of :he Company legally available fo- distribution shall
be distributed ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportior. io the preferential
amount gach such holder 1s otherwise entitled to receive.

b After payment to the holders of the Preferred siock of the amounts
set forth in Secuon II1.B.2.a above, the entire remaining assets and funds o! the Company legally
available for distrbutior. if any. shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Common
Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each

C. Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) abo-. solely for purposes
of determining the amount each holder of shares of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive with
respect 10 a Ligu:dation, each series of Preferred Stock shall be treated as }i all holders of such
series had converted such holder’s shares of such series into shares of Com:non Stock
immediaiely prior to the Liquidation if, as a result of an actual conversion «' any series of
Preferred Stock (including takiny into account the operation of this paragrain (c) with respeci to
all series of Preferred Stock}, hoiders of such series would receive (with resect to such series),
in the aggregate, an amount greater than the amount that would be distribu’: : :o bolders of such
series if such holders had not converted such senes of Preferred Stock into ares of Common
Stock

d. For purposes of this Section I11.B.2, (i) any » suisition of the
\ompany b. means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization i, hich outstanding
shares of the Company are exchanged for securities or othe: consideration -sued, or caused to be
issued, by the acquiring company or its subsidiary (other than a wansaction -ffected solely to
reincorporate the Company in another jurisdiction) and pursuant to which t+ nokders of the: .
outstanding voting securities of the Company immediate!v prior to such coi solidation, merger-or
other wansaction fail to hold equity securities representing a majority of the voting power of the
Company or surviving entity immediately following such consolidation, merger of other.
transaction (an “Acquisition”) or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the «sets of the Company

ed

1 -PASVORI4G7 4

(an “Asset Sale”), shall be ueated as a Liquidation of the Company and shal! entitle the holders
of Preferred Siock to receive at the closing of such transaction in cash, securities or other
property (valued as provided in Section H1.B.2.e below) the amounts as specified in Section
\11.B.2.a above: provided that an Acquisition shall not include any transaction o7 senes of
transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash is received hy the
Company or any sucesssor or indebtedness of the Company 1s cancelled or converted ar.
combination thereof

€. Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section [1.5.2 shall
be payable in securities or property other than cash. the value of such distribution shal! be the fair
market value of such securities or other property. Any securities shall be valued as follows.

(i) If traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq
National Market. the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the

securities on such exchange or system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior
te the closing:

(i) If actively traded over-the-counter but not on the Nasday
National Market. the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices
(whichever is applicable) over the thirty (30) day penod ending three (3) days prior to the
closing; and

(ili) If there is ne active marke‘, the value shall be the fair
marke! vaiue thereo!, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

3 Voting Ri

Except as otherwise provided herein or as required by law, the Preferred Stock
will be voted equally with the shares of the Common Stock and net as a separate class, at any
annual or special meeting of shareholders of the Company, and may aci by written consent in the
same manner as the Common Stock, in either case upon the following basis: each holder of
shares of the Preferred Stock sha!] be entitled to the number of votes equal to the respective
number of snares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock could be
converted immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or
the effective date of such written consent, and shal! be entitled to notice of any shareholders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company. Fractional votes shall not, however, be
permitied and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all
shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted)-shall be
rounded to the nearest whale number (with one-half being rounded. upward).

4+ Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have convetsion rights
as follows:

a, Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stack shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such _
share, at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for such steck, inio fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock to which a
holder of Preferred S:ock shall be entitled upon conversion shall be determined by. dividing the

i-PA/3682467 4 4

Series A Issue Price or Series B Issue Price or Series B-1] Issue Price, as applicable, by the
conversion price for such share in effect at the time that such certificate is surrendered for
conversion, and then multiplying by the number of shares of Preferred Stock being converted
The conversion price pez share (the “Conversion Price”) ii) for shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shal! intially be the Series A Issue Price. (ii) for shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall
initially be the Series B Issue Price and (iii) for shares of Series B-! Preferred Stock shall
initially be the Series B-1 Issue Price. each subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided

b. Automatic Conversion.

(1) Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Price upon the
earlier to occur of (1) the date specified by written consent or agreement of shareholders holding
at leat a maiority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, or (1) immediately upon the closing of the sale of the Company's Common Stock in
a firm commitment, underwritten public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”), which results in aggregaie proceeds to the Company (before
deduction for underwriters’ discounts and expenses relating to the issuance, including without
limitation fees of the Company’s counse!) equal tc at least $30,000,000 (a “Qualified IPQ"').
Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance
with the provisions of Section HI.B.!.

(it) Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Price upon the
earlier to occur of (i) the date specified by written consent or agreement cf shareholders holding
at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a sing!e
class, and shareholders holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Serics B
Preferred Stock. voting together as a single class, or (ij) immediately upon the closing of a
Qualified IPO. Upon such automatic conversion, any declared andj unpaid dividends shal! be
paid in accordance with the provisions of Section HI.B.1.

(i!) Each share of Series B-! Preierred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock = the then applicable Conversion Price
upon the earhier to occur of (i) the date specified by wntte.n consent or agreement of shareholders
holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. voting together as a
single class. and shareholders holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series
B-1 Preterred Stock, voting together as a single class. or (ii) immediately upon the closing of a
Cyalified IPO |'!pon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be
paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 1f1.B.1.

c. Mechanics of Conversion.

ii) Except in the case of an auiematic conversion pursuant to
Section III.H.4.b., before any holder of Preferred Stock shal] be entided to convert the same into
shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor. duly
endorsed, al the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for such stock, and shall give _
written nouce to the Company at such office that such holder elects to convert the saiie and shall

1-PAV6R2467 4 5

we
Lew ee

state therein the name or names in which such holder wishes the cer-ificate or certificates For
shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafter,
issue and deliver at such office to such holder cf Preferred Stock a certificate or certificate s for
the number of shares of Common Stock to whic:: such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and
shall promptly pay (3) in cash or, tu the extent sufficient funds are no: then legally available
therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock's fair market value determined by the Board
as of the date of such conversion), any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred
Stock being converted and (ii) in cash (at the Common Stock’'s fair market value determined by
the Board as of the date of conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stock
otherwise issuable to any holder of Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of
Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date

(i) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten
offering of securities pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion may, at the option of any
holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with
the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s:
entitled tc receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shali not be
deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediateiy prior to the closing of such
sale of secunties.

d Adjusuments to Conversion Price for Certain Diluting Issues.

tt) Special Definitions For purposes of this Section [11 B 4.
the following definitions apply:

(1)  “QOptons” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for. purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as
defined below)

(2) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which
the first share of Series B-| Preferred Stock was issued.

(3s “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness. shares (other than Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, or Series B
Preferred Stock or Series B-} Preferred Stock) or other securities convertible into or
exchangeable for © ommor Stock, including securities described in Section I1].B.4.d.(i14;.

(4) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall: mean
all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section [11.B.4.d(iii) deemed to be issued) oy
the Company after the Original Issue Date. other than shares of Common Stock issued of
issuable after the Original Issue Date: .

iA) — upon conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock:

i-PASI682467 4 6

ee cen ge ee ee ee mee

i
|

!

iB) up to 3,863,819 shares fas adjusted fo: stock |
splits, stoca dividends, combinations, rec7ganizations and like transactions) of Commen Stock, |
or options or warrants t¢ purchase shares of Common stock (or such greater number as approved
hy at feast 76% of the mzmbers of the Board of Directors of the Company ;, issued to emphovees.
officers, directors or consultants of the Company or a subsidiary pursuant to stock opuion cr }
stock purchase plans of other arrangements in each case on terms approved by at least 76% of
the members of the Board of Directors of the Company:
|
{
'
i

(C} — pursuant to transact) ons involving research
or development funding. technology Jicensing, joint ventures, strategic alliances. paruvrin g
arrangements, bank financings or lease arrangements pursuant lo agreements in each case
approved by at least 76% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company.

if) pursuant te the acquisition of another
corporation or entity by the corporation by way of merger. purchase of assets, stock for stock
exchange of other reorganization or recapitalization in each case approved by at least 76% of the
members of the Board of Directors of the Company:

|
oo Tbe |
(F) ma Qualified IPO,
ik) pursuant to a transaction described in

Section JHB tf or

(G) for which adjustment of the applicable
Conversion Price 15 made pursuant to this Section Li.B.4.

|

(ii) No Adiusument of Conversion Price. Any provision herem

to the conuary notwithstanding, no adjustment in the applicable Conversion Price shall be made
in respect Gf the issuance cf Additonal] Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per
sharz (determined pursuant to Section 11.B.4.d(v) hereof) for an Additional Sha.¢ of Common
Stock issued or deemed to be issued by the Company is less than the applicable Conversion Price
in effect immediately prio: to such issue

the event the Company al any ume or from time to time after the ; Original Issue Date shall i issue 7
any Options or Convertible Securities (other than shares of Series B Preferred Stock authorized i
herein) or shall fix a record date for the determination of hoiders of any class of securities then b
entilled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then-the maximum number of ’

shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained

therein designed to protect against dilution) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such

Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or -
exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be: deemed to be Additional Shares of Common

Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as

of the close of business on such record date, provided further thet in any such case in which : fe
Additional Shares of Commor, Stock are deemed to be issued: *

(1) no further adjustments in the applicable Conversion
Price shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Canvertible Securities or shares of Cammeon

\-PAS3687467 4

Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or xchange of such Convertible
Securities:

(2) if such Opuons or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration
payable to the Company. or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the applicable Conversion Price computed upon the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any
subsequent adjusiments vased thereon, shail, upon any such increase or decrease becoming
eflective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or
the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities (provided, however. that
ne such adjustment of the Conversion Price shall affect Common Stock previously issued upon
conversion of te Preferred Stock):

(3) upon the expiration of any such options or rights,
the termination of any such nghts to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or
rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the applicable Conversion Price to
the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities or options
or rights related to such securities, shal! be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number
of shares of Common Stock (and convertible o7 exchangeable securities which remain in effect)
actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights. upon the conversion or exchange of
such securities or upon che exercise of the options or rights related to such securities;

id) no readjustment pursuant io clause (2) or (3} above
shall have the effect of increasing the applicable Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds
the lower of (a) the Conversion Price on the original adjustment date or (b) the Conversion Price
that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the
original adjustment date and such readjustment date

civ)  Adijusument of Conv
Additional Shares of Common Stock. Ir the event the Company, at any time after the Original
Issue Dale shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of
Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section [11.B.4.d(iii)) without consideration or
ior a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price in effect on the date of
and immediately prior to such issue, then, and in such event, the applicable Conversion Price
shall be reduced. concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent)
determined by multiplying the Conversion Price by a fraction. the numerator of which shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as defined below) immediateiy
prior to such issuance pius the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate
consideration received by the Company for the total number of Additional Sharcs of Common
Stock so issued would purchase at the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
issuance, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Comme Stock deemed
outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to such issuance plus:the aum oer of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued. For the purpose of the above: calculation, the .
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior tv such issue shall be”
celculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all shares of Preferred Stock and.al} outstanding
Convertible Securities had been fully converted intu shares of Common Stock and any

1 -PASV6R2467 4 g

outstanding warrants, outstanding options or othe7 rights outstanding for the purchase of shares
of stock or convertible securities had been fully exercised (and the resulting securities fully
converted int: shares of Common Stock, if so convertible) es of such date.

(v) inalicn of Considerauion. ur purposes of this
Section i1f.3.4.d, the consideration received by the Company for the issue of any Addition al
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Preperty. Such consideration shall:

(A) insofar as 1 consists of cash, be computed a!
the aggregate amount of cash received by the Company. excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or declared but unpaid dividends;

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, tb. computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors. and

(C) — in the event Additional Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Company for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration 30 received, com puted
as provided in clauses (A) and (B) above. as determined in good faith by the Board af Directors

(2) Opuons and Convertibie Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Company for Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section II]_B.4.d(iii), relating to Options and Convertible
Securities shall be determined by dividing

(A) the tole! amount, if any, received or
receivable by the Company as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible
Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any rrovision contained therein designed to
protect against dilution) payabie to the Company u on the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or
exchange of such Convertibie Securities by

(B) the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein designed to protect against the dilution) issuable upon the exercise of suc Options or
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

€. Adjustments for Stock Dividends end for Comb’ ations or

Subdivisions of Common Stock. In-the event that this Company at any time or from time: to time

after the Original Issue Date shalj declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the |
Common Stock payabie in Common Stock or in any right to acquire- Common Stock for no
consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock. split, reclassification or otherwise than by

5 -PA/3682467 4 9

t
payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock), or in the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by

reclassification or otherwise. into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then the

conversion price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such event shail,

concurrently with the effectiveness of such event. be proportionately decreased or increased, as

appropriate. In the event that the Company shal) declare or pay, without consideration, anv

dividend on the Common Stock payat.e in any right to acquire Common Stock for ne

consideration then the Company shall be deemed to have made a dividend payable in Common

Stock in an amount of shares equal to the maximum number of shares issuable upon exerci se of

such rights to acquire Common Stock.

f. Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. !f the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any series of Preferred Stock shall be cha,.ged into
the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reofganization, reclassification or other-ase (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section If1.B.4.e above or a merger or other reorganization referred to in Section
{11.B.2.d above), the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such rec; anization or reclassification, be proportionately
adjusted so that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of
Common Stock whicn the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common
Stock that would have been subject tc receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock immediately before that change, respectively

B. Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of any conversion price pursuant to this Section IJ].B.4, the Company
ai i's expense shali premptiy compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
terms hereof and prepare and furnisu to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate executed by
the Company's President or a Vice President setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to
oe furnishec ic such holder a hike certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjusiments,
fui} the conversion price for such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

h Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Company shal]
propose al any time {1} to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether
in cash, property. stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or
nol out of earnings or earned surplus, (ii) a Liquidation or any voluntary or invojuniary
dissolution or winding up of the Company, or (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders
of any class or series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or seri¢s or other
rights, then, in connection with each such event, unless otherwise waived by 4 majority of
Preferred Stock, the Company shall send to the holders of Preferred Stock at least twenty (20)
days’ prior written notice of the date on which g record shall be taken for such dividend,
distribution. Liquidation. dissolution. winding up or subscription rights.

i-PA 1682467 4 19
1 Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Comp anv
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock,
ouch number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from me to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shal! not be sufficient to effect the conversion
ofall then outstanding snares of the Preferred Stock, the Company will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose,
mcwding. without limiation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval
of any necessarv amendment to these Arucles.

J. fractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon the
conversicn of anv share oy shares of Preferred Stock All shares of Common Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a
holder thereof shal! be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company
shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a
oum in cash equal to the fair market valuc of such fraction cn the date of conversion (as
determined in good fatth by the Board of Directors)

k. Notices. Any notice sequired by the provisions of this Section
HI.B.4 shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (ij upon versonal delivery to
the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during
normal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five (5) days
after deposit in the United States mail, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and
properly addressed to the party to be notified, or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipr.
All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on
the bouks of the Company.

5 Board Representation. In addition to the rights of the holders of Preferred
Stock to vole on an as converted basis with holders of Common Stock pursuant to Section II1.B.3
above, with respect to election of directors:

a. For so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain
outstand 1g, the holders of Series A Preferred. Stock, voting as a separate class, shal) be entitled
to elect three (3) members of the Board of Directors (each a “Series A Director”) at each meeting
0; pursuant to each conseni of the Company’s sharcho!ders for the election of directors, and to
remove irom office such directors and w fil! any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or
removal of such direciors.

b. The holders of Commor Stock, voting as a separate class, shallbe eae
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board of Directors (each a “Common Director”) at each
meeling or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s shareholders for the election of directors,

1-PA/3682467 4 Hi

and to remove from office such directors and to fill anv vacancy caused by the resignation, death
ot removal of such directors.

c The holders of Preferred Stuck and the holders of Common Stock.
voling together as a singie class on an as-!f converted basis, shall be entitled to elect any
additional members of the Board of Directors (each an “Independem Director’), and to remove
from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation. death or remo-val of
such dirgctors.

6. Redemption. The Preferred Stock shai} not be redeemable.

7. Restrictions and Limitations. So long as at least 20% of the shares of the
Preferred Stock sold by the Company (as adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations,
recapitalizations and the like) remain outstanding, consent of the holders of at least the majarity
of the Preferred Stock shall be required for any action that (whether by amendment, merger
reorganization or otherwise):

a. alters or changes the rights, preferences or privileges of the
Common Stock or the Preferred Stock,

b increases ot decreases the authorized number of shares of Common
or Preferred Stock.

c creates (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of

sharzs having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock,

d. results in the redemption of any shares of Preferred Stock or
Common Sick (other than pursuant to equity incentive agreements with employees and other
service roviders giving the Company the right to repurchase shares upon the termination of
employment or such other service relationship, at their original cost),

e results in a Liquidation or other corporate reorganization, including
anv reorganization or other transaction involving any parent or subsidiary of the Company,

Tr. amends or waives any provision of the Company's Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,

g increases or decreases the authorized size of the Company's Board 7
of Directors, or . _

h. results in the payment or declaration of any dividend on any she. %s
of Common or Prefurred Stock;

provided, however, that for any amendment or waiver of any’ provision ¢ of the.
Company's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws that would heve:a
material, adverse and-disproportionate effect on a series of Preferred Stock relative to.any other
series of Preferred Stock, consent of the holders-of at least the majority’ ‘of such‘seried of ~
Preferred Stock voting as a separate class shall be required.

| -PA/2682467.4 {2

8. No Reissuance of Freferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock
acquired by the Company by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion, or otherwise shall be
reissued; and, in addition, the Articles of Incorporation shall be appropriately amended to effect
lhe corresponding reduction in the Company’s authorized stock

<a Be

stock at the lime outstanding having prior rights as to dividends. the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled 19 receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Company Icgally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to
time by the Board of Directors.

2. \iquidguon Rights. Upon the liquidauon, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, the assets of the Company shall be distributed as pe~vided in Section III-B.2.

3 Redemption. The Common Stock shail not be redeemable (other than
repurchases by the Company of unvested shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a restriciea
stock purchase agreement or the Company's Stock Plan, or exercises of the Company's right of
first refvsar).

4 Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shal! have the
right to one vote, and shail be entitled to nouve of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with
the Bylaws of the Company, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner
as may be provided herein or by law

C The Common Stock
1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of the holders of all classes of
ARTICLE IV

A. The liability of the directors of the Company for nonetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. The Company is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through bylaw provisions, agreements with the
agents. votes of shareholders or disinterested directors. or otherwise in excess of the
indemnilication otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject
only to applicable California Corporations Code provisions with respect to actions for breach of
duty to the Company and its shareholders. If, after the effective date of this Article IV,
California law is amended in a manner that permits a corporation to limit the monetary or other
liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification of, or advancement of defense expenses
to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to 8 greater extent that is permitted on such
effective date, the references in this Article to "California law” shall to that extent be deemed to
refer to California law as so amended,

Cc. Any repeai or modification of this Article shall.be prospective only and sholi not

effect the rights under this Article in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or
omission to act giving rise to liability.

1-PA/3682467 4 13

THREE: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors.

FOUR: The foregoing Amended and Resiated Antcles o: incorporation have been
approved by the holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accordance with
Sections 902 and 903 of the Califomia General Corporation law, the total number of
outstanding shares of each class entitied to vote with respeci to the foregoing amendment ~was
4,936,798 shares of Common Stock. 9.475,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 1.5 17,093
shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing
amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. such required vote being (i) a majority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock voting together as a single class and
on an as-converted basis, (ii) a majority cf the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock
voling as a separate <lass and on an as-convertec basis. (iii) a majority of the outstanding shares
of the Series B Preferred Stock voting as a separate class and on an as-converted basis, and (iii) a
Majority of the outstanding shares af Common Stock voting as a separate cla:s.

1-Pa FRI4G7 3 14

oe ITS

1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this document or
Febru v 27. 408 on Emeryville, California

a A
Office:

Jery! Hillerman, Clie! Fursneial Officer

The undersigned further declare under penaty of perjury under the hus of the
State of Calvfonnia that the nuitters set forth nr this certificate are truce and correct of our own
knowledge.

Exeepted tis 27th day of February, 2008, mw kancryville, Aknneda County,
California

Jery! Hilleman, Chief Financial Officer

FPA‘ OR 24607 4

