FILED

OS 4 65 n the office of the Secretary of Sta
of the State of Califomia
AMENDED AND RESTATED “EY DF 2008

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AMYRIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.

K. Kinkead Reiling and Tamara L. Tompkins hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the Piesidem and Secretary, respectively, of Amyris Biotechnologies,
Inc., a California corporation.

TWO: The Articles of Incorporation of the corporation are hereby amended and restated
io read in their entirety as follows:

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation is Amyris Biotechnologies, Inc. (the “Company”).
ARTICLE Il

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III

A. Classes of Stock. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be
designated respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock") and Common Stock (“Common
Stock’’). The total number of shares of capital stock that the Company is authorized to issue is
26,575,000. The total number of shares of “referred Stock that the Company is authorized to
issue is 9,475,000. The total number of shares of Common Stock that the Company is authorized
to issue is 17,100,000.

9,475,000 shares of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Series A Preferred Stock.”

1-PA/3583417 ~
B. The Preferred Stock. The powers, preferences, ngnts, restnictions. and other
matters relating to the Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends.

a. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, in preference to any
dividend on the Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends at the rate
af 8% of the Senes A Issue Price as defined in Section III.B.2.a. (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum payable out of funds
iggally available therefor. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the
Board of Directors.

No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the Company)
shall be paid or other distribution made on any Common Stock of the Company. or purchase,
redemption or other acquisition of Common Stock for value during any fiscal year of the
Company until dividends in the amount of 8% of Series A Issue Price as defined in Section
III.B.2.a. on the Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or
splits with respect to such shares) shal] have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal
year, except for:

(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company;

(ii) | acquisitions of Common Stock in exercise of the
Company’s right of first refusal to repurchase such shares; or

(ili) distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance
with Section 2.

b. In the event the Company. shall declare a distribution or dividend
on any Common Stock (other than dividends payable solely in Common Stock of the Company),
then, in each such case, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a
proportionate share of any such distribution as though the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company into which their
respective shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the
determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Company entitled to receive such
distribution.

2. Liguidation Preference.

a, In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company (a “Liguidation”), whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distriisution of any of
the legally available assets or surplus funds of the Company to the holders of the Common Stock
by reason of their ownership thereof, the amount of $2.174 per share (the “Series A Issue
Price”), as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares,
plus all declared but unpaid dividends on each suck share then held by them. If upon the

1-PA9583417.7 2
occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A
Preterred Stock shal! be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the ful] aforesuid
preferential amount, then the entire assets and funds of the Company legally available for
distribution shal! be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in
proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

b. After payment to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of the
amounts set forth in Section LHI.B.2.a above, the entire remaining assets and funds of the
Company legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably among the holders
of the Common Stock pre rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

c. Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, solely for purposes
of determining the amount each holder of shares of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive with
respect to a Liquidation, each series of Preferred Stock shall be treated as if all holders of such
senes had converted such holder’s shares of such series into shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to the Liquidation if, as a result of an actual conversion of any series of
Preferred Stock (including taking intc account the operation of this paragraph (c) with respect to
all series of Preferred Stock), holders of such series would receive (with respect to such series),
in the aggregate, an amount greater than the amount that would be distributed to holders of such
series if such holders had not converted such series of Preferred Stock into shares of Common
Stock.

d. For purposes of this Section III.B.2, (i) any acquisition of the
Company by means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization in which outstanding
shares of the Company are exchanged for securities or other consideration issued, or caused to be
issued, by the acquiring company or its subsidiary (other than a transaction effected solely to
reincorpurate the Company in another jurisdiction) and pursuant to which the holders of the
outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or
other transaction fail to hold equity securities representing a majority of the voting power of the
Company or surviving entity immediately following such consolidation, merger or other
transaction (an “Acguisition”) or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
(an “Asset Sale”), shall be treated as a Liquidation of the Company and shall entitle the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock to receive at the closing of such transaction in cash, securities or
other property (valued as provided in Section III.B.2.e below) the amounts as specified in
Section III.B.2.a above; provided that an Acquisition shall not include any transaction or series
of transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash is received by
the Company or any successor or indebtedness of the Company is cancelled or converted or a
combination thereof,

€. Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section I1I.B.2 shall
ne payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution shall be the fair
market value of such securities or other property. Any securities shal] be val +d as follows:

(i) If traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq
National Market, the value shall bc deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange or system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior
to the closing;

1-PA/35834177 3
tii) «If actively traded over-the-counter but not on the Nasdaq
Nationai Market, the vaiue shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices
(whichever is applicable} over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing; and

(ii) ‘If there ts no active market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

3. Voting Rights.

Except as otherwise provided herein or as required by law, the Preferred Stock
will be voted equally with the shares of the Commion Stock and not as a separate class. at any
annual or special meeting of shareholders of the Company, and may act by written consent in tne
same manner as the Common Stock, in either case upon the following basis: each holder of
shares of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equa] to the respective
number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock could be
converted immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or
the effective date of such written consent, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company. Fractional votes shall not, however, be
permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all
shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be
rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows:

a. Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such
share, at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for such stock, into fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock to which a
holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled upon conversion shall be determined, in the case of the
Series A Preferred Stock, by dividing the Series A Issue Price by the conversion price for the
Scries A Preferred Stock in effect at the time that such certificate is surrendered for conversion,
and then multiplying by the number of shares of Preferred Stock being converted. The
conversion price per share for shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall initially be the Series A
Issue Price, subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided (the “Series A Conversion Price”).

b. Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable conversion price
upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date specified by wiitten consent or agreement of shareholders
holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, or (ii) immediately upon the closing of the sale of the Company's Common Stock in
a firm commitment, underwritten public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”), which results in aggregate proceeds to the Company (before
deduction for underwriters’ discounts and expenses relating to the issuance, including without
limitation fees of the Company's counsel) equal to at least $20,000,000 (a “Quali ".

1-PA/3583417.7 4
Upon such automatic conversion, any deciared and unpaid dividends shal! be paid in accordance
with the provisions cf Section HI.B.1.

Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Except in the case of an automatic conversion pursuant to
Section I.B.4.b., before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into
shares of Common Stock, such holder shali surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly
eridorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for such stock, and shall give
written notice to the Company “t such office that such holder elects to convert the same and shall
state therein the name or names in which such holder wistss the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Company shail, as soon as practicable thereafter,
issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock a certificate or certificates for
the number of shares cf Common Stock to which such holder shai! be entitled as aforesaid and
shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient funds are not then legally available
therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board
as of the date of such conversion), any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred
Stock being converted and (ii) in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by
the Board as of the date of conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stock
otherwise issuable to any holder of Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of
Preferred Siock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(ii) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten
offering of securities pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion may, at the option of any
holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with
the underwniters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s)
entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shal] not be
deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such
sale of securities.

c. Adjustments to Series A Conversion Price for Certain Diluting
Issues.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section III.B.4,
the following definitions apply:

(1) “Qptions” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as
defined below).

(2) “Original Issue Date” shal] mean the date on which

the first share of Series A Preferred Stock was issued.

(3) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences

of indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock) or other

1-PA/3583417.7 5
secunues convertible into or exchangeabie tor Common Stock, including securities described in
Section II.B.4.d.(i)(4).

id) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean
ull shares of Common Stock issued (Gr, pursuant to Section II.B.4.d(iii) deemed to be issued) by
the Company after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable after the Original Issue Date:

(A) upon conversion of shares of Series A
Preferred Stack;

(B) up to 462,700 shares (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations, reorganizations and like transactions) of Common Stock,
or options or warrants to purchase shares of Common stock (or such greater number as approved
by at least 76% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company), issued to employees,
officers, directors or consultants of the Company or a subsidiary pursuant to stock option or
stock purchase pians or other arrangements in each case on terms approved by at least 76% of
the members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(C) pursuant to transactions involving research
or development funding, technology licensing, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnering
arrangements, bank financings or lease arrangements pursuant to agreements in each case
approved by at least 76% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

() pursuant to the acquisition of another
corporation or entity by the corporation by way of merger, purchase of assets, stock for stock
exchange or other reorganization or recapitalization in each case approved by at least 76% of the
members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(E) (i) in a Qualified IPO;

(F) pursuant to a transaction described in
Section II.B.4.f; or

(G) for which adjustment of the Series A
Conversion Price is made pursuant to this Section II.B.4.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein
to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment in the Series A Conversion Price shall be made in
respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per share
(determined pursuant to Section II1.B.4.d(v) hereof) for an Additional Share of Common Stock
issued or deemed to be issued by the Company is less than the Series A Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such issue.

(iii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In
the event the Company at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue
any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders
of any class of securities then entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then

}-PA3583417.7 6
the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to
any provisions contained therein designed to protect against dilution) of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor,
the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional
Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall
have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, provided further that in any such
case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issucd:

(1) no further adjustments in the Series A Conversion
Price shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common
Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration
payable to the Company, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the Series A Conversion Price computed upon the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming
effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or
the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities (provided, however, that
no such adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price shall affect Common Stock previously
issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock);

(3) upon the expiration of any such options or rights,
the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or
tights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Series A Conversion Price to the
extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities or options or
rights related to such securitics, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of
shares of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect)
actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of
such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such securities;

(4) no readjustrnent pursuant to clause (2) or (3) above
shall have the effect of increasing the Series A Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the
lower of (a) the Series A Conversion Price on the original adjustment date or (b) the Series A
Conversion Price that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common
Stock between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(iv) Adjustment of Series A Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Company, at any time after the Original

Issue Date shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of
Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section I11.B.4.d(iii)) without consideration or
for a consideration per share less than the Series A Conversion Price in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, then, and in such event, the Series A Conversion Price shall be
reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by
multiplying the Series A Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the

i-PA/3$83417.7 7
number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to
such issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration
received by the Company for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued
would purchase at the Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance,
and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock deemed
outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued. For the purpose of the above calculation, the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue shall be
calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock and all outstanding
Convertible Securities iad been fully converted into shares of Common Stock and any
outstanding warrants, outstanding options or other rights outstanding for the purchase of shares
of stock or convertible securities had been fully exercised (and the resulting securities fully
converted into shares of Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such date.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
Section I[].B.4.d, the consideration received by the Company for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(A) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at
the aggregate amount of cash received by the Company, excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or declared but unpaid dividends;

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors; and

(C) in the event Additional Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Company for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed
as provided in clauses (A) and (B) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Company for Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section II.B.4.d(iii), relating to Options and Convertible
Securities shall be determined by dividing

(A) _ the total amount, if any, received or
receivable hy the Company as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible
Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, wichout regard to any provision contained therein designed to
protect against dilution) payable to the Company upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options fur Convertible Securities and the conversion or
»xchange of such Convertible Securities by

1-PA/35B3417.7 8
(B) the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein designed to protect against the dilut:nn) issuable upon the exercise of ch Options or
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

d. Adjustments for Stock Dividends and for Combinations or
Subd: visions of Common Stock. In the event that this Company at any time or from time to time

after the Original Issue Date shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the
Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock for no
consideration, or shall] effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock), or in the
event the outstanding snares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then the
conversion price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such event shail,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, be proportionately decreased or increased, as
appropriate. In the event that the Company shall declare or pay, without consideration, any
dividend on the Common Stock payable in any right to acquire Common Stock for no
consideration then the Company shall be deemed to have made a dividend payable in Common
Stock in an amouiit of shares equal to the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of
such rights to acquire Common Stock.

e. Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any series of Preferred Stock shall be changed into

the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of sto.k, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section II.B.4.e above or a merger or other reorganization referred to in Section
III.B.2.c above), the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately
adjusted so that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of
Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common
Stock that wouid have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock immediately before that change, respectively.

f. Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of any conversion price pursuant to this Section III.B.4, the Company
at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
tcrms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate executed by
ithe Company's President or a Vice President setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
snowing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to
he furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments,
‘11) the conversion price for such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

V.PASISK AAD 7 9
g. Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Company shall
propose at any time (i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether
in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or
not out of eamings or earned surplus, (ii) a Liquidation or any voluntary or involuntary
dissolution or winding up of the Company, or (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the hoiders
of any class or series of its stock any additional! shares of stock of any class or series or other
rights, then, in connection with each such event, unless otherwise waived by a majority of
Preferred Stock, the Company shall send to the holders of Preferred Stock at least twenty (20)
days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record shall be taken for such dividend,
distribution, Liquidation, dissolution, winding up or subscription rights.

h. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company

shal] at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shal] from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Company will] take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose,
including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval
of any necessary amendment to these Articles.

i. Fractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon the
conversion of any share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series A Preferred Stock
by a holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion
would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company
shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a
sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date of conversion (as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

j. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section
I11.B.4 shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to
the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during
normal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five (5) days
after deposit in the United States mail, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and
properly addressed to the party to be notified, or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt.
All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on
the books of the Company.

5. Board Representation. In addition to the rights of the holders of Preferred

Stock to vote on an as converted basis with holders of Common Stock pursuant to Section I11.B.3
above, with respect to election of directors:

1-PA/3583417.7 10
a. For so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled
to elect three (3) members of the Board of Directors (the “Series A Director”) at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Companv’s shareholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or
removal of such directors.

b. The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board (the “Common Directors”) at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Company’s shareholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or
removal of such directors.

c. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of
Common Stock, voting together as a singleclass on an as-if converted basis, shal! be entitled to
elect any additional members of the Board (the “Independent Directors”), and to remove from
office such directors and to fil] any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such
directors.

6. Redemption. The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

7. Restrictions and Limitations. So long as at least 20% of the shares of Series
A Stock sold by the Company (as adjusted for stock splits, dividends, c:mbinations,
recapitalizations and the like) remain outstanding, consent of the hoiders of at least the majority
of the Preferred Stock shall be required for any action that:

a. alters or changes the nights, preferences or privileges of the
Common Stock or the Series A Preferred Stock,

b. increases or decreases the authorized number of shares of Common
or Preferred Stock,

c. creates (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of
shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred
Stock,

d. results in the redemption of any shares of Preferred Stock or
Common Stock (other than pursuant to equity incentive agreements with employees and other
service providers giving the Company the right to repurchase shares upon the termination of
employment or such other service relationship, at their original cost),

e. results in a Liquidation or other corporate reorganization, including
any reorganization or other transaction involving any parent or subsidiary of the Company.

f. amends or waives any provision of the Company’s Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,

1-PA/3583417.7 1]
g. increases or decreases the authorized size of the Company's Board
of Directors, or

h. results in the payment or declaration of any dividend on any shares
of Common or Series A Preferred Stock.

8. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock
acquired by the Company by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion, or otherwise shall be
reissued; and, in addition, the Articles of Incorporation shall be appropriately amended to effect
the corresponding reduction in the Company’s authorized stock.

Cc. The Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior nghts of the holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Company legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to
ume by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, the assets of the Company shall be distributed as provided in Section III.B.2.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock shal] not be redeemable (other than
repurchases by the Company of unvested shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a restricted
stock purchase agreement or the Company’s Stock Plan, or exercises of the Company’s right of
first refusal).

4. Noting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall] have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with
the Bylaws of the Company, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner
as may be provided herein or by law.

ARTICLE IV

A. The liability of the directors of the Company for raonetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. The Company is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through bylaw provisions, agreements with the
agents, votes of shareholdsrs or disinterested directors, or otherwise in excess of the
indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject
only to applicable California Corporations Code provisions with respect to actions for breach of
duty to the Company and its shareholders. If, after the effective date of this Article IV,
California law is amended in a manner that permits a corporation to limit the monetary or other
liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification of, or advancement of defense expenses
to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to a greater extent that is permitted on such

1-PA/3583417.7 12
effective date, the references in this Article to "California law" shall to that extent be deemed to
refer to California law as so amended.

C. Any repeai or modification of this Article shali be prospective only and shall not
effect the rights under this Article in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or
omission to act giving rise to liability.

* *

THREE: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors.

FOUR: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (other than
omissions requized by Section 910 of the California Corporations Code) has been duly approved
hy the required vote of the shareholders of the corporation in accordance with Section 902 and
Section 903 of the California Corporations Code. The corporation has one class of stock; the
total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation was 4,490,417 shares of Common Stock. The number of shares voting
in favor of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation set forth herein equaled or
exceeded the vote required, such required vote being a majority of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock.

1-PA/3583417.7 13
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this document on

Han. , 2006 in Enel be | California.

Tamara L. Tompkins, Secretary

The undersigned further declare under Penalty of perjury under the laws of the
State of California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own
knowledge.

Tamara L. Tompkins, Secretary

}-PA/3583417.7
