ZSt4BES ADbbbE2ZAG op
FILED

in the office of the Secretary of State
of tie State of California
AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION SEP 1 1 2007

OF
AMYRIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.

John G. Melo and Tamara L. Tompkins hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, respectively, of Amyris
Biotechnologies, !nc., a Califomia corporation.

TWO: ‘The Articles of Incorporation of the corporation are hereby amended and restated
to read in their entirety as follows:

ARTICLE 1

The name of the corperation is Amyris Biotechnologies, Inc. (the “Company")

ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation me hy oreanized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company ba «tte of a orofession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE I

A. Classes of Stock. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of shares io be
designated respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common
Sioack”). The total number of shares of capital stock that the Company is authorized to issue is
34,337,879. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Company :s authorized to
issue Is 17,547,879. ‘The total number of shares of Common Stock that the (company ts
authorized to issue is ©. 000,000.

The Preferred Stock shall be divided into series. The first series shall consis: if
9,475,000 shares designated as “Series A Preferred Stuck.” The second series shall consist of
2,872,876 shares designated as “Series B Preferred Stock.”

nar ee nme
B. The Preferred Stock. The powers, preferences, rights zestrictions, and other
matter: relating to the Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends.

a. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series 5 Preferred
Stock shal! be entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends, on a pari passu basis, at the rate of
8% of the Series A issue Price as defined in Section [11.B.2.a. (as adiust2d for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect ta such shares) per “num for the Senes A
Preferred Stock and at the rate of 8% of the Series B Issue Price as defines in Section HIB 2.a.
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to sucn shares) per
annum for the Series B Preferred Stock, payable out of funds legally available therefor. Such

dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if deciared ov the Board of Directors and shall be
non-cumulative.

No dividends (ather than those payable solely in the Common Stcck of the Compans )
shal! be paid or other distribution made on any Common Stock of the Company, or purchase,
redemption or other acquisition of Common Stock for vase during any fiscai vear of the
Company until dividends, in the amount of 8% of the Series A Issue Price (az adjusted for any
stock dividends, combinations ar splits with respect to such shares) cn the Series A Preferred
Stock and 8% of the Series B Issue Price as defined in Section III.B 2.a (as adjusted far any
stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect io such shares) on the Series B Preferred
Stock, shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year, except for:

(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company;

(ti) acquisitions of Common Stovk in exercise of the
Company’s right of first refusal to repurchase such shares; or

(iii) — distributions to hoiders of Common Stock in accordance
véith Section 2.

b. In the event the Company shall declare a distribution or dividend
cat any Common Stock (other than dividends pavable solely in Common Stock of the Company),
then, in each such case, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall! be entitled to a proportionate
share of any such distribution as though the holders of the Preferred Stock were the holders of
the number of shares of Common Stock cf the Company into which their respective shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Commor Stock of the Company entitled to receive such distribution.

2. Liquidation Preference.

a. in the event oF any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company (a “Liguidguon"), whether voluntary or involuntary, tne noiders of the Serics A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stack shal! be entitled to receive, on a pari passu basis
but prior ard in preference to any distribution of any of the legally available zssets or surplus

ba)

~
funds of the Company to the holders of ihe Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof,
(iv in the case of Series A Preferred Stock, the ameuni of $2.174 per shave, as adjusted for any
plus all declared bt unpaid dividends, on each such share then held by them and (i)) 1n the case
of Series B Preferred Stock, the amount of $24.88 per share, as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares (the “Series B Issue Price’), plus al! declared
but unpaid dividends, on each such share then held by them. If upon the occurrence of such
event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Preferred Stock shal] be
insuificient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amount, then
the entire assets and funds of tne Company iegally available for distribution shall be distributed
ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each
such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

b. After peyment to the holders of the Preferred Stock of the amounts
et forth in Section III.B.2.a above, the entire remaining assets and funds of the Company fezally
available for distribution, if any, shal] be distributed ratably among the hoiders of the Common
Stock pra rate based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

c. Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above. soleiy for purposes
ef determining the amount each holder of shares of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive with
respect to a Liquidation, each series of Preferred Stock shall be treated as if all holders of such
series had converted such holder’s shares of such series into shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to the Liquidation if, as a result of an actual conversion of any series of
Preferred Stock (including taking into account the operation of this paragraph (c) with respect to
2il series of Preferred Siock), holders of such series would receive (with respect to such series).
in the aggregate, ar: amuumi greater than the amount that would be distributed to holders of such
series if such holders had not converted such series of Preferred Stock into shares of Common
Stock.

4. For purposes of this Section III.B.2, (i) any acquisition of the
Company by means of merger or other form of cerporate rec zeniaation in which outstanding
shares of the Company are exchanged for securities or vilier consideration issued, or caused to be
issued, by the acquiring company or iis suusidiary (other than a transaction effected solely to
reincorporate the Company iii another jurisdiction) and pursuant to which the holders of the
outstanding voting securities of the Comsany immediately privy to such consolidation. merger or
other transaction fail tc hold equity securities representing a majority of the voting power oF the
Company or surviving entity immediately following such consolidation. merger or other
transaction (an “Acquisition”) or (ii) a sale of afl ar substantially all of the assets of the Company
(an “Asset Sale”), shall be treaied as a Liquidation of the Company and snali entitle the hoiders
of Preferred Stock to receive at the closing of such transaction in cash, securthes or other
property (valued as provided in Section II.8.2.2 below) the amounts as specified in Secticn
IH.B.2.2 above: provided that an Acq.ssilion shall not include any transaction or senes of
(ransactions principally for bcna fide equity financing purposes in which cash is received by the
Coinpany or any successor or indebtedness of the Coinpany is cancelled er converted 7 a
combination thereof.

e. Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section I1.B.2 shall
be payable in securities or property other than cash, the value or such distribution shal] be the fair
market value of such securities or other property. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq
National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities On such exchange or system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior
to the closing;

(ii) if actively traded over-the-counter bul not on the Nasdag
National Market, the value shai] be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or saie prices
(whichever is applicable) over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing: and

(ii) s* Uf there is no active market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

n

3. Voting Rights.

Except as otherwise provided herein or as required by law, the Preferred Stock
will be voted equally with the shares of the Common Stock and noi as a separate class at any
annual or special meeting of shareholders of the Company, and may act by written consent in the
same manner as the Common Stock, in either case upon the following basis: each holder of
shares of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the respective
number of shares of Common Sicck into which such shares of Preferred Stock could be
converted immediacly after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or
the effective date of such written consent, and shall be entitled to notice of any sharehoiders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company. Fractional votes shall not, however. be
permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all
shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shal! be
rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shal! have conversion rights
as foiiows:

a. Right to Convert, Each share of Preferred Stock shall ce
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance cr such
snare, at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for such stock, into fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock ty which a
holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled upon conversion shall be determined oy dividing the
Series A issue Price or Series B Issue Price, as applicab!e. by the conversion price for such share
in effect at the time that such certificate is surrendered for conversion, and then multiplying by
the number of shares of Preferred Stock being converted The conversion price per share (the
“Conversion Price”) (i) for shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall initially be the Series A Issue
Price and (it} for shares of Series B Preferred Stock shal! initially be the Series B Issue Price,
each subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.
by, Automatic Conversic-n.

(1) Each share of Series A Preferzed Stock shal] automatically
bz converted into shares cf Coramon Stock at the then applicable Conversion Price upon the
earlier to occur of (i} the date specified by written consent or agreement of shzreholders noiding
at least a majomty of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, or (ii) iminediately upon the closing of the sale of the Company's Common Stock in
a firm commitment, underwritten public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”), which results in aggregate proceeds to the Company (pefore
deduction for underwniters’ discounts aud expenses relating to the issuance, inciuding without
limitation fees of the Company's counsel) equal to at leas: $30,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO").
Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance
with the provisions of Section IIi.3.1.

(i:) Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall automatical'y
be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Price upon the
earlier to occur of (i) the date specified by written consent or agreement of shareholders holding
at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class, and shareholders holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B
Preferrec Stock, voting together as a single class, or (ii) immediately upon the closing of a
Qualified IPO. Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be
paid in accordance with the provisions of Section IJI.B.1.

c. Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Except in the case of an aulomatic conversion pursuant io
Section IfI.B.4.b., before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into
shares of Common Stock, such holder sha]} surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, du}:
endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for such stock, anc shall give
written notice to the Company at such office that such nolder elects to convert the same and shall
state therein the name or names in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafer,
issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock a certificate or cenificates for
the number uf shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and
shail proraptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient funds are not then legally available
therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock's fair market value determined by the Board
as of the date of such conversion), any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred
Stock being converted and (ii) in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by
the Board as of the date of conversion) the value of any fractional share of Comman Stock
otherwise issuabie to any holder of Preterred Stock. Such conversion shall he deemed to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of
Preferred Stock ta be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Siock issuable upon such conversion shali be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(ii) If the conversion is in connection with an underwtitien
offering of securities pursuant to the Securities Act. the coaversion may, at the option of any

5
holder tendering snares of Preferred Stock for conversion, de conditioned upon the closing with
the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s)
entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shal] not be
deemed to have cunverted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such
sale of securities.

d. Adjustments to Conversion Price for Certain Diluting tssues.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section IJI.B.4,
the following definitions apply:

(1) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscrive for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as
defined be!ow).

(2) “Original Issue Date” shal: mean the date on which
the first share of Series B Preferred Stock was issued.

(3) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Series B
Preferred Stock) or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.
including securities described in Section 11.B.4.d.(1)(4).

(4) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shal! mean
ali shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section I1I.B.4.d(iii) deemed to be issued) 35
the Company after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable after the Original Issue Date:

(A) upon conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock:

(B) upto 1,967,771 shares (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations, reorganizations and like transactions) of Common Stock,
or options or warrants to purchase shares of Common stock (or such greater number as approved
by at least 76% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company). :ssued to employees.
officers, directors or consultants of the Company or a subsidiary pursuant to stack option or
stock purchase plans or other arrangements in each case on terms approved by at least 76% of
the members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(C) pursuant to transactions involving research
or development funding, technology licensing, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnering
arrangements, bank financings or lease arrangements pursuant to agreements in each case
approved by at least 76% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(D) pursuant to the acquisition of another
corporation or entity by the corporation by way of merger, purchase of assets, slock for stock
exchange or other reorganization or recapitalizaticn in each case approved by al leas! 76% of the
members of the Board of Directors of the Compary;

6
(E) in a Qualified IPO;

(F) pursuant to a transaction described in
Section !11.B.4.f; or

(Gi for which adjustment of the applicable
Conversion Price is made pursuant te this Section III.B.4.

{i1) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any orovision herein
to the contrary notwithstanding. no adiusiment in the applicable Conversion Price shal! be made
in respect of tie issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per
sharz (determined pussuani to Section II.B.4.d(v) hereof) for an Additional Share of Common
Siock issued or decmed to be issued by tne Company is less than the applicable Coriversion Price
in effect irnmediately pnor to such issue.

(ii; Deemed Issue of Additional Shares cf Common Stock. In
the event the Company at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue
any Options or Canvenible Securities or shall fix 2 record date for the determination of hal ders
of any class of securities then entitied to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then
the maximum number of shares (as set forth ir the instrument relating thereto without regard to
any provisions contained therein designed to protect against dilution} of Common Stovk issuable
upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Cunvertible Securities and Opuons therefor,
the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deeined to be Additional
Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such aiscord date sha!!
have becn fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, provided further that in any such
case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustments in the applicabie Conversion
Price shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares af Common
Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities:

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration
payable to the Company, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable. upon
the exercise, conversion ur exchange thereof, the applicable Conversion Price computed upon the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any
subsequent adjustmenis based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming
effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or
the rights of conversion or exchange tinder such Convertible Securities (provided, however, that

no such adjustment of the Conversioa Price shall affect Common Stock previously issued upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock);

(3) upon the expiration of any such options or rigits,
the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options o1
rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the applicable Conversion Price to
the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities or options

7
or rights related to such securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the n umber
of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect)
actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of
such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such securities;

(4) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) or (3) above
shall have the effect of increasing the applicable Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds
the lower of (a) the Conversion Price on the original adjustment date or (b) the Conversion Price
that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the
original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Jssuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock, In the event the Company, at any time after the Original
Issue Date shal! issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of
Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section III.B.4.d(iii)) without consideration or
for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price in effect on the date of
and immediately prior to such issue, then, and in such event, the applicable Conversion Price
shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent)
determined by multiplying the Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as defined below) immediately
prior to such issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate
consideration received by the Company for the total number of Additional Shares of Common
Stock so issued would purchase at the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
issuance, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock deemed
outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued. For the purpose of the above calculation, the
num ber of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue shall be
calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all shares of Preferred Stock and all outstanding
Convertible Securities had been fully converted into shares of Common Stock and any
outstanding warrants, Outstanding options or other rights outstanding for the purchase of shares
of stock or convertible securities had been fuliy exercised (and the resulting securities fully
converted into shares of Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such date.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
Section II].B.4.d, the consideration received by the Company for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property, Such consideration shall:

(A) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at
the aggregate amount of cash received by the Company, excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or declared but unpaid dividends;

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors; and
(C) in the event Additional Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other asseis of the Company for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received. com puted
as provided in clauses (A) and (B) above, as determined in guod faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Company for Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section II.B.4.d(iti), relating to Options and Convertible
Securities shall be determined bv dividing

(A) the total amount, if any, received or
receivable by the Company as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible
Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein designed to
protect against dilution} payable to the Company upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or
excha.izge of such Convertible Securities by

(B) tne maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein designed to protect against the dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or
-onversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

e. Adjustments for Stock Dividends and far Combinations or
Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that this Company at any time or from time to time

after the Original Issue Date shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the
Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock for no
consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares af Common Stock into a
greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification cr otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock), or in the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shal! be combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise, into a Jesser number of shares of Common Stock, then the
conversion price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such event shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such event. be proportionately decreased or increased, as
appropriate. In the event that the Comnany shall declare or pay, without cansideration, any
dividend on the Common Stock payable ‘1: any right to acquire Common Stock for no
consideration then the Company shal! be deemed to have made a dividend payable in Common

tock in an amount of shares equal to the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of
such rights to acquire Common Stock.

f. Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. Ifthe
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any series of Preferred Stock shall be changed into
the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stack, whether by capital
rcurganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision ar combination of shares
provided for in Section HI.B.4.e above or a merger or other reorganization referred to in Section
11!.B.2.d above), the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stack then in effect shall,

9
concurrentiy with the c‘Tectiveness of such reorganization or reclassificaiion, be proportionately
adjusted so that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible inte, in lieu of the number of shares of
Common Stock which the heiders would otherwise have heen entitied to receive, a numper of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent ic the number of shares of Common
Stock that would have been subject to receipt bv the holders upon conversicn of the Preferred
Siock immediately befor: that change, respectively.

v. Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment cf any conversion price pursuant io this Section 1113.4, the Company
at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment o7 readjustment in accordance with the
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate executed by
the Company's President or a Vice President setting forth such adjustment or readjus'meni und
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to
be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (1) such adjustments and readjustments,

number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property waich at the time
would be received upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

h. Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Company shall
propose at any time (i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Commion Stock. whether
in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash cividend and whether or
not out of earnings or earned surplus, (ii) a Liquidation or any voluntary or involuntary
dissolution or winding up af the Company, or (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders
of any class or series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other
rights, then, in connection with each such event, unless otherwise waivec by a majority of
Preferred Stock, the Company shall send to the holders of Preferred Stock at least twenty (20}
days” prior written notice of the date on which a record shall be taken for such dividend,
distribution, Liquidation, dissolution, winding up or subscription rights.

i. Reservation of Stock Issuabie Lipon Conversion, The Cor:pany
shal) at ali times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred ‘Stack.
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock: and if at any iime the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shal! not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock. the Company will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose,
including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approwa!
ofany necessary amendment to these Articles.

j. Fractional Shares No fractional share shall be issued upon the
conversion of any share or shares of Preferred Stock. Al! shares of Commcea Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stuck bv a
hvider thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion wouid
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If. after the aforementioned agpregation, the

10
conversion would res:zit in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Commun Stock, the Company
shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise entitied to such fraction a
sum in cash equa! to the fair market value of such fraction on the date of conve:s:cn (as
deten.ained in good faith by the Board of Directors).

k. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section
I1.B.4 shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to
the party to be notified, (i1} when sent by confirmed electronic mai! or facsimile if sent during
nomnal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day. (iil) five (5) days
after deposit in the United States mail, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and
properly addressed to the party to be notified, cr (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivciy, with written verification of receipt.
All notices shall be addressed to 2ach holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on
the booxs of the Company.

5. Board Repiesentation. In addition to the rights of the holders of Preferred
Stock to vote on an as converted basis with holders of Common Stock pursuant to Section H11.B.3
above, with respect to election of directors:

a. For so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remzin
outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shali be entitled
to elect three (3) members of the Board of Directors (each a “Series A Director”) al eacn meeting
or pursuant to each consent ef the Company's shareholders for the election of directors. and '©
remove from office such directors and to fil) any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or

emoval! of such directors.

b. The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class. shall be
meeting or pursuant to each cceasent of the Company's shareholders for the election of directors,
and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused hy the resignation, death
or removai of such direciors.

c. The holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock,
voting together as a single class on an as-if converted kasis, shal] be entitled to elect any
additional members of the Board of Directors (each an “Independent Director”), and to remove
irom office such directors and to fil: any vacancy caused by the resignation. death or removal of
such directors.

o

6 Redemption, The Preferred Stock shail not be redeemable

7. Restrictions ana limitations So long as ai leas: 20% of the shares of the
Preigrred Stock sold by the Company tas adjusted for stuck splits, dividends, combinations,
recapitalizations and the like) remain outstanding, consent of the holders of at least the majority
of the Preferred Sinck shall be required for any action that (whether by amendment, merger.
reorganization or otherwise):

a. alters or changes the nights, preferences of nriviteges at the
Common Stock or the Preferred Stack,

1
bh. increases or decreases the authorized numoer of shares of Common
or Preferred Stuck,

c. creates (by reclassification ar otherwise) any new class or series of
shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior te or on a parity with the Preierred Stock,

4. results in the redeniption of anv shares of Preferred Stock or
Com:non Stock (cther than pursuant to equity incentive agreements with emriovees und other
service providers giving the Company ine right to repurchase shares upon the termination of
employment or such other service relationship. at their original cost),

c. results ina Liquidation or other corporate reorganization. Including
any reorganization or other transaction involving any parent cr subsidiary ef the Company,

f. amends or waives any provision of the Company's Amendec and
Restated Articles of Incorporaticn or Bylaws,

2. increases or decreases the authorized size of ine Cowipany’s Roard
f Directors, ar

n. results in the payment or declaration of any dividend on anv shares
oY Common or Preferred Stock.

8. Wo Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preterred Stock
acquired by the Co:npany by reason of redempiion, purchase, conversion, or otherwise shali be
reissued; and. in addition, the Articles of Incorporation shall be appropriately amended tc effect
the corresponding reduction in the Company’s authorized stock.

C. The Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of the hoiders of ali classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders at the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Buard of Directors, out of any
assets of the Company !egally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from lime to
time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Lipon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, the assets of the Company shall be distributed as provided in Section HIB.2.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock shall not be redeemable (other than
repurchases by the Company of unvested shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a restricts
stock purchase ayreement or the Company's Stock Plan. or exere:ses of the Company's right of
first refusal).

4 Voting Rights, ‘lhe holder of each shure of Common Stock shali have the
right to ene vole, and shall be entitled to notice of any s\-areholders’ meeting in accordance wih
the Bylaws of the Company, and shali be entitled 19 vote upon such matters and in such manner
as may be provided herein or by law.

ARTICLE IV

A. The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under Califomia law.

B. The Company is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through bylaw provisions, agreements with the
agents, votes of shareholders ar Jisinterested directors, or otherwise in excess of the
indemnification otherwise permittec by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject
only to applicabl:: California Corporations Code provisions with respect to actions for breach of
duty to the Company and ite shareholders. Mf. after the effective date of this Anticie WY,
California law is amended in a mannsr that permis a Corporation to limit the monetary oF Other
liability ef its directors ar to authorize indemnification of, cr advancement of defense expenses
to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to a greater extent that is permitted on such
effective date. the references in this Article to “California iaw” shall to that extent be deemed to
refer to California law as so amended.

C. Any repeal o7 modification of this Article shall be prospective only and shali not
effect the rights under this “Article in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of anv action or
omission to act giving rise to liability.

THREE: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation was been July
approved by the Board of Directors.

FOUR: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation have been
approved by the holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accordance with
Sections 902 and 903 of the Califorsia Genera! Corporation Law; the total number of
outstanding shares of each class entitied to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was
4,632,846 shares of Common Stock and 9,475,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The
number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vore
required, such required vote being (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and
Preterred Stock voting together as a single class and on an as-converted basis, (ii) a majarity of
the outstanding shares of the Scries A Preferred Stuck voting as a separate class and on an as-
converted basis, and (ii) a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock voting as a
separate cuss.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this document on

Depeche 2007 in Ee eae tice . California.

Tamara L.. Tompkins, Secrevary

The undersigned further declave under penalty of perjury under the luws of the
State of California that the matters sel forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own
knowledge.

Exccuted this gay of Te ae 2007, in Eearne vey r Me Nays, County,
California.

~~ 4 ~ ~ ; - perTer
v G. mn cnet Sxecutive Office

Tamara LY ‘omph WIS, Secrets
