, | A) a) ms AY V D in the shee ss ED of State

of the State of California

AMENDED AND RESTATED a
JUL 30 909
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION oe, os
OF

AMYRIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.

John G. Melo and Jery] Hilleman hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of
Amyris Biotechnologies, Inc., a California corporation,

TWO: The Articles of Incorporation of the corporation are hereby amended and restated
to read in their entirety as follows:

ARTICLE }
The name of the corporation is Amyris Biotechnologies, Inc. (the “Company”).
ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE ITI

A. Classes of Stock. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be
designated respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common
Stock”). The total number of shares of capital stock that the Company is authorized to issue is
54,080,641. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Company is authorized to
issue is 21,080,641. The total number of shares of Common Stock that the Company is
authorized to issue is 33,000,000.

The Preferred Stock shall be divided into series. The first series shall consist of
9,475,000 shares designated as “Series A Preferred Stock.” The second series shall consist of
1,929,641 shares designated as “Series B Preferred Stock.” The third series shall consist of
4,700,000 shares designated as ‘Series B-1 Preferred Stock.” The fourth series shal! consist of
4,976,000 shares designated as “Series C Preferred Stock.”

B. The Preferred Stock. The powers, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other
matters relating to the Preferred Stock are as follows:

27121/00013/DOCS/2086599,3
1. Dividends.

a. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock,
Series B-] Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive non-
cumulative dividends, on a pari passu basis, at the rate of 8% of the Series A Issue Price as
defined in Section II].B.2.a. (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with
respect to such shares) per annum for the Series A Preferred Stock, at the rate of 8% of the Series
B Issue Price as defined in Section III.B.2.a (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations
or splits with respect to such shares) per annum for the Series B Preferred Stock, at the rate of
8% of the Series B-] Issue Price as defined in Section III.B.2.a, (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum for the Series B-1
Preferred Stock, and at the rate of 8% of the Series C Issue Price as defined in Section III.B.2.a.
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per
annum for the Series C Preferred Stock, payable out of funds legally available therefor. Such
dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be
non-cumulative.

No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the Company)
shall be paid or other distribution made on any Common Stock of the Company, or purchase,
redemption or other acquisition of Common Stock for value during any fiscal year of the
Company until dividends, in the amount of 8% of the Series A Issue Price (as adjusted for any
stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred
Stock, 8% of the Series B Issue Price as defined in Section II].B.2.a (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series B Preferred Stock,
8% of the Series B-1 Issue Price as defined in Section IJI.B.2.a (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series B-1 Preferred Stock,
and 8% of the Series C Issue Price as defined in Section I]].B.2.a (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series C Preferred Stock
shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year, except for:

(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company;

(ii) acquisitions of Common Stock in exercise of the
Company’s right of first refusal to repurchase such shares; or

(iii) ~— distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance
with Section 2.

b. In the event the Company shall declare a distribution or dividend
on any Common Stock (other than dividends payable solely in Common Stock of the Company),
then, in each such case, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate
share of any such distribution as though the holders of the Preferred Stock were the holders of
the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company into which their respective shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the Company entitled to receive such distribution.

27121/00013/DOCS/2086599 3
2. Liquidation Preference.

a. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
‘Company’ (a “Liquidation”), whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferréd Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, on a pari passu basis but prior and in preference to any
distribution of any of the legally available assets or surplus funds of the Company to the holders
of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, (i) in the case of Series A Preferred
Stock, the amount of $2.174 per, share, as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or
splits with respect to such shares, (the “Series A Issue Price”), plus all declared but unpaid
dividends, on each such share then held by them, (ii) in the case of Series B Preferred Stock, the
amount of $24.88 per share, as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with
respect to such shares (the “Series B Issue Price”), plus all declared but unpaid dividends, on
each such share then held by them, (iii) in the case of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the amount of
$25.26 per share, as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such
shares (the “Series B-1 Issue Price’), plus all declared but unpaid dividends, on each such share
then held by them, and (iii) in the case of Series C Preferred Stock, the amount of $12.46 per
share, as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares (the
‘Series C Issue Price”). If upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment
to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amount, then the entire assets and funds of the
~ Company legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the
Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to
receive,

b. After payment to the holders of the Preferred Stock of the amounts
set forth in Section III.B.2.a above, the entire remaining assets and funds of the Company legally
available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Common
Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

C. Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, solely for purposes
of determining the amount each holder of shares of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive with
respect to a Liquidation, each series of Preferred Stock shall be treated as if all holders of such
series had converted such ‘holder’s shares of such series into shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to the Liquidation if, as a result of an actual conversion of any series of
Preferred Stock (including taking into account the operation of this paragraph (c) with respect to
all series of Preferred Stock), holders of such series would receive (with respect to such series),
in the aggregate, an amount greater than the amount that would be distributed to holders of such
series if such holders had not converted such series of Preferred Stock into shares of Common
Stock.

d. For purposes of this Section III.B.2, (i) any acquisition of the
Company by means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization in which outstanding
shares of the Company are exchanged for securities or other consideration issued, or caused to be
issued, by the acquiring company or its subsidiary (other than a transaction effected solely to
reincorporate the Company in another jurisdiction) and pursuant to which the holders of the
outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or

27121/00013/DOCS/2086599.3
other transaction fail to hold equity securities representing a majority of the voting power of the
Company or surviving entity immediately following such consolidation, merger or other
transaction (an “Acquisition”) or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
(an “Asset Sale”), shall be treated as a Liquidation of the Company and shall entitle the holders
of Preferred Stock to receive at the closing of such transaction in cash, securities or other
property (valued as provided in Section H1.B.2.e below) the amounts as specified in Section
I1],B.2.a above; provided that an Acquisition shall not include any transaction or series of
transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash is received by the
Company or any successor or indebtedness of the Company is cancelled or converted or a
combination thereof. —

€. Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section I1.B.2 shall
be payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution shal! be the fair
market value of such securities or other property. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) If traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over
the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(ii) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the
thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(iii) If there is no active market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

3. Voting Rights.

Except as otherwise provided herein or as required by law, the Preferred Stock will be
voted equally with the shares of the Common Stock and not as a separate class, at any annual or
special meeting of shareholders of the Company, and may act by written consent in the same
manner as the Common Stock, in either case upon the following basis: each holder of shares of
the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the respective number of
shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock could be converted
immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or the effective
date of such written consent, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Company. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted
and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares
into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to
the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows:

. a, Right _to Convert, Each share of Preferred Stock shall be
corivertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such
share, at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for such stock, into fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock to which a

27121/000! 3/DOCS/2086599 3
holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled upon conversion shall be determined by dividing the
Series A Issue Price, Series B Issue Price, Series B-1 Issue Price, or Series C Issue Price, as
applicable, by the conversion price for such share in effect at the time that such certificate is
surrendered for conversion, and then multiplying by the number of shares of Preferred Stock
being converted. The conversion price per share (the “Conversion Price”) (i) for shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall initially be the Series A Issue Price, (ii) for shares of Series B
Preferred Stock shall initially be the Series B Issue Price, (iii) for shares of Series B-} Preferred
Stock shall initially be the Series B-1 Issue Price, and (iv) for shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shall initially be the Series C Issue Price, each subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.

b. Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Price upon the
earlier to occur of (i) the date specified by written consent or agreement of shareholders holding
at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, or (ii) immediately upon the closing of the sale of the Company’s Common Stock in
a firm commitment, underwritten public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”), which results in aggregate proceeds to the Company (before
deduction for underwriters’ discounts and expenses relating to the issuance, including without
limitation fees of the Company’s counsel) equal to at least $30,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO”).
Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance
with the provisions of Section II].B.1.

(it) Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Price upon the
earlier to occur of (i) the date specified by written consent or agreement of shareholders holding
at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class, and shareholders holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, or (i!) immediately upon the closing of a
Qualified [PO. Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be
paid in accordance with the provisions of Section I}].B.1.

(iil) Each share of Series B-! Preferred Stock — shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Price
upon the earlier to occur of (1) the date specified by written consent or agreement of shareholders
holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, and shareholders holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series
B-1 Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, or (ii) immediately upon the closing of a
Qualified [PO. Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be
paid in accordance with the provisions of Section ITI.B.1.

(iv) | Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall automatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Price upon the
earlier to occur of (1) the date specified by written consent or agreement of (A) shareholders
holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, and (B) shareholders holding at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of

A

271 21/0001 3/DOCS/2086599.3
Series C Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, or (11) immediately upon the closing
of a Qualified IPO. Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall
be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section II].B.1.

C. Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Except in the case of an automatic conversion pursuant to
Section 1]}.B.4.b., before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into
shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly
endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for such stock, and shall give
written notice to the Company at such office that such holder elects to convert the same and shall
state therein the name or names in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafter,
issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock a certificate or certificates for
the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and
shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient funds are not then legally available
therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board
as of the date of such conversion), any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred
Stock being converted and (ii) in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by
the Board as of the date of conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stock
otherwise issuable to any holder of Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of
Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(il) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten
offering of securities pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion may, at the option of any
holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with
the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s)
entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be
deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such
sale of securities.

d. Adjustments to Conversion Price for Certain Diluting Issues.

(1) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section III.B.4,
the following definitions apply:

(1) “Qptions” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as
defined below),

, (2) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which
the first share of Series C Preferred Stock was issued.

(3) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred

27121 /00013/DOCS/2086599 3
Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock, or Series C Preferred Stock) or other securities convertible
into or exchangeable for Common Stock, including securities described in Section
JH.B.4.d.(4)(4).

(4) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean
all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section II].B.4.d(iii) deemed to be issued) by
the Company after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable after the Original Issue Date:

(A) upon conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock;

(B) — up to 5,942,700 shares (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations, reorganizations and like transactions) of Common Stock,
or options or warrants to purchase shares of Common stock (or such greater number as approved
by at least 76% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company), issued to employees,
officers, directors or consultants of the Company or a subsidiary pursuant to stock option or
stock purchase plans or other arrangements in each case on terms approved by at least 76% of
the members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(C) pursuant to transactions involving research
or development funding, technology licensing, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnering
arrangements, bank financings or lease arrangements pursuant to agreements in each case
approved by at least 76% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(D) pursuant to the acquisition of another
corporation or entity by the corporation by way of merger, purchase of assets, stock for stock
exchange or other reorganization or recapitalization in each case approved by at least 76% of the
members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(E) in a Qualified IPO;

(F) pursuant to a transaction described in
Section 1]1.B.4.e or II.B.4.f; or

(G) for which adjustment of the applicable
Conversion Price is made pursuant to this Section III.B.4.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein
to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment in the applicable Conversion Price shall be made
in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per
share (determined pursuant to Section III.B.4.d(v) hereof) for an Additional Share of Common
Stock issued or deemed to be issued by the Company is less than the applicable Conversion Price
in effect immediately prior to such issue.

— {ii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In
the event the Company at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue
any Options or Convertible Securities (other than shares of Series C Preferred Stock authorized

«7121/0001 3/DOCS/2086599.3
herein) or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities then
entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of
shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained
therein designed to protect against dilution) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such
Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common
Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as
of the close of business on such record date, provided further that in any such case in which
Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustments in the applicable Conversion
Price shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common
Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration
payable to the Company, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the applicable Conversion Price computed upon the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming
effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or
the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities (provided, however, that
no such adjustment of the Conversion Price shall affect Common Stock previously issued upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock);

(3) upon the expiration of any such options or rights,
the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or
rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the applicable Conversion Price to
. the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities or options
or rights related to.such securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number
of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect)
actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of
such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights. related to such securities;

(4) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) or (3) above
shall have the effect of increasing the applicable Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds
the lower of (a) the Conversion Price on the original adjustment date or (b) the Conversion Price
that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the
original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance _ of
‘Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Company, at any time after the Original
Issue Date shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of
Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section I11.B.4.d(iii)) wiitiwut consideration or
for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price in effect on the date of
and immediately prior to such issue, then, and in such event, the applicable Conversion Price

27121/0001 3/DOCS/2086599 3
shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent)
determined by multiplying the Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as defined below) immediately
prior to such issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate
consideration received by the Company for the total number of Additional Shares of Common
Stock so issued would purchase at the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
issuance, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock deemed
outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued. For the purpose of the above calculation, the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue shall be
calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all shares of Preferred Stock and all outstanding
Convertible Securities had been fully converted into shares of Common Stock and any
outstanding warrants, outstanding options or other rights outstanding for the purchase of shares
of stock or convertible securities had been fully exercised (and the resulting securities fully
converted into shares of Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such date. For the purposes of
adjusting the applicable Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock, the grant, issue or sale
of Additional Shares of Common consisting of the same class of security and warrants to
purchase such security issued or issuable at the same price at two or more closings held within a
six (6) month period shall be aggregated and shall be treated as one sale of Additional Shares of »
Common occurring on the earliest date on which such securities were granted, issued or sold.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
Section JII.B.4.d, the consideration received by the Company for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

“ (A) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at
the aggregate amount of cash received by the Company, excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or declared but unpaid dividends;

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors; and

(C) in the event Additional Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Company for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed
as provided in clauses (A) and (B) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Company for Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section I]!.B.4.d(iii), relating to Options and Convertible
Securities shall be determined by dividing

(A) the total amount, if any, received or
receivable by the Company as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible

27121/0001 3/DOCS/2086599.3
Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein designed to
protect against dilution) payable to the Company upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities by

(B) — the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein designed to protect against the dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

e, Adjustments for Stock Dividends and for Combinations or
Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that this Company at any time or from time to time
after the Original Issue Date shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the
Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock for no
consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock), or in the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then the
conversion price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such event shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, be proportionately decreased or increased, as
appropriate. In the event that the Company shall declare or pay, without consideration, any
dividend on the Common Stock payable in any right to acquire Common Stock for no
consideration then the Company shall be deemed to have made a dividend payable in Common
Stock in an amount of shares equal to the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of
such rights to acquire Common Stock.

f. Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization, If the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any series of Preferred Stock shall be changed into

the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section IHI.B.4.e above or a merger or other reorganization referred to in Section
1I1.B.2.d above), the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately
adjusted so that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of
Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common
Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock immediately before that change, respectively.

g. Certificates _as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of any conversion price pursuant to this Section 111.B.4, the Company
at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with: the
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate executed by
the Company’s President or a Vice President setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and

10
271 21/0001 3/DOCS/2086599.3
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to
be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments,
(ii) the conversion price for such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

h. Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Company shall
propose at any time (i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether
in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or
not out of earnings or earned surplus, (ii) a Liquidation or any voluntary or involuntary
dissolution or winding up of the Company, or (iil) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders
of any class or series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other
rights, then, in connection with each such event, unless otherwise waived by a majority of
Preferred Stock, the Company shall send to the holders of Preferred Stock at least twenty (20)
days’ prior written notice of the date. on which a record shall be taken for such dividend,
distribution, Liquidation, dissolution, winding up or subscription rights.

l. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Company will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares.as shall be sufficient for such purpose,
including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval
of any necessary amendment to these Articles.

j. Fractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon the
conversion of any share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company
shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a
sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date of conversion (as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

k, Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section
11}.B.4 shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to
the party to be notified, (11) when sent by confirmed electronic mai! or facsimile if sent during
normal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five (5) days
after deposit in the United States mail, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and
properly addressed to the party to be notified, or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt.

1]

27$21/0001 3/DOCS/2086599 3
All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on
the books of the Company.

5. Board Representation, In addition to the rights of the holders of Preferred
Stock to vote on an as converted basis with holders of Common Stock pursuant to Section I11.B.3
above, with respect to election of directors:

a. For so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled
to elect three (3) members of the Board of Directors (each a “Series A Director’) at each meeting
or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s shareholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or
removal of such directors.

b. The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board of Directors (each a “Common Director’) at each
meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s shareholders for the election of directors,
and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death
or removal of such directors.

C. The holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock,
voting together as a single class on an as-if converted basis, shall be entitled to elect any
additional members of the Board of Directors (each an “Independent Director”), and to remove
from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of
such directors.

6. Redemption. The Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

7. Restrictions and Limitations. So long as at least 20% of the shares of the
Preferred Stock sold by the Company (as adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations,
recapitalizations and the like) remain outstanding, consent of the holders of at least the majority
of the Preferred Stock shall be required for any action that (whether by amendment, merger,
reorganization or otherwise):.

a. alters or changes the rights, preferences or privileges of the
Common Stock or the Preferred Stock,

b. increases or decreases the authorized number of shares of Common
or Preferred Stock,

c. creates (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of
shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock,

d. results in the redemption of any shares of Preferred Stock or
Common Stock (other than pursuant to equity incentive agreements with employees and other
service providers giving the Company the right to repurchase shares upon the termination of
employment or such other service relationship, al their original cost),

27}21/0001 3/DOCS/2086599 3
€, results in a Liquidation or other corporate reorganization, including
any reorganization or other transaction involving any parent or subsidiary of the Company,

f. amends or waives any provision of the Company’s Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,

g. increases or decreases the authorized size of the Company’s Board
of Directors, or

h. results in the payment or declaration of any dividend on any shares
of Common or Preferred Stock;

provided, however, that for any amendment or waiver of any provision of the
Company’s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws that would have a
material, adverse and disproportionate effect on a series of Preferred Stock relative to any other
series of Preferred Stock, consent of the holders of at least the majority of such series of
Preferred Stock voting as a separate class shall be required.

8. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock
acquired by the Company by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion, or otherwise shall be
reissued: and, in addition, the Articles of Incorporation shall be appropriately amended to effect
the corresponding reduction in the Company’s authorized stock.

C, The Common Stock,

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of the holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Company legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to
time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, the assets of the Company shall be distributed as provided in Section IH1.B.2.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock shall not be redeemable (other than
repurchases by the Company of unvested shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a restricted
stock purchase agreement or the Company’s Stock Plan, or exercises of the Company’s right of
first refusal).

4. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with
the Bylaws of the Company,.and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner
as may be provided herein or by law.

ARTICLE IV

13
271 21/000 13/DOCS/2086599 3
A, The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law. .

B. The Company is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through bylaw provisions, agreements with the
agents, votes of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise in excess of the
indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject
only to applicable California Corporations Code provisions with respect to actions for breach of
duty to the Company and its shareholders. If, after the effective date of this Article IV,
California law is amended in a manner that permits a corporation to limit the monetary or other
liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification of, or advancement of defense expenses
to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to a greater extent that is permitted on such
effective date, the references in this Article to "California law" shall to that extent be deemed to
refer to California law as so amended.

C, Any repeal or modification of this Article shall be prospective only and shall not
effect the rights under this Article in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or
omission to act giving rise to liability.

THREE: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors.

FOUR: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been
approved by the holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accordance with
Sections 902 and 903 of the California General Corporation Law; the total number of
outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was
5,027,868 shares of Common Stock, 9,475,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 1,667,817
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and 2,615,721 shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock. The
number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vote
required, such required vote being (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock voting together as a single class and on an as-converted basis, (ii) a majority of
the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock voting as a separate class and on an as-
converted basis, (iii) a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock voting
as a separate class and on an as-converted basis, (iv) a majority of the Series B-] Preferred Stock
voting as a separate class and on an as-converted basis, and (v) a majority of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock voting as a separate class.

14
27121/00013/DOCS/2086599.3
IN. WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this document on July
30, 2009, in Emeryville, Alameda County, California.

“
wt pe ee oe (
a eae eae eves ene ae

~~ Jeryf Hileman, Chief Financial Officer

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Executed July 39 , 2009 in Emeryville, Alameda County, California.
yo

JerylHiffeman, Chief Financial Officer

RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF AMYRIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC,
SIGNATURE PAGE
