Co -A0678963 _
Se | ; FILED [+
as, int the office cf ihe Secretary of State

7 5 44% &} . of the State of Califomia

JUN 2 7 2008
AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF
AMYRIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.

~-"‘John G. Melo and Jery! Hilleman hereby certify that:

_ ONE: They are the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. of
Amyris Biotechnologies. Inc., a California corporation.

WO: The Articles of Incorporation of the corporation are hereby amended and restated
2ad in their entirety as follows:

ARTICLE I

“The name of the corporation is Amyris Biotechnologies. Inc. (the “Company”).
ARTICLE U

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
oration may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the

anking business. the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitied to be
incorporated | by the California Cerporations Code.

ARTICLE Hi

Classes of Stock. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be
» designated respectively Preferred Stock (‘Preferred Stack”) and Common Siock (“C Common
BS Stock”). The total number of shares of capital stock that the Company | is authorized to issue is.

40,2: AS ,733. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Company is authorized to
ee oe issue "js 15,145,733. The total number of shares of Common Siock that the Company 1s
authorized to issue is 25,106,000.

=Vhe Preferred Stock shall be di vided into series. The first series shall consist of
9) 475, 009 shares designated as “Series A Preferred Stock.” The second series shall consist of
1,929, 641 shares designated as “Series B Preferred Stock.” The third series shall consist of
74), £092 shares designated as “Series B-i Preferred Stock.”

+)

The Preferred Steck.

fond

The power rs, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other
}. Dividends,

Wo. 1ePABT30990.!
a. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock:
and Series B-{ Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends, on a pari
passte basis, at the rate of 8% of the Series A Issue Price as defined in Section I11.B .2.a. (as
adjusted lor amy stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum
for the Series A Preferred Stock. at the raic of 8% of the Series B issue Price as defined: in
Section HIB.2.a (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such
shares) per annum for the Series B Preferred Stock and at the rate of 8% of the Series B-1 Issue
Price as defined in Section I.B.2.a. (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits
with respect to such shares) per annum for the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, payable out of funds
legally available therefor. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the
Board of Directors and shall be non-cumulative. |

|

No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the Company)
shall be paid or other distribution made on any Common Stock of the Company, or purchase.
redemption or other acquisition of Common Stock for value during any fiscal year of the
Company until dividends, in the amount of 8% of the Series A Issue Price (as adjusted for any
stock dividends. combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred
Stock. 8% of the Series B Issue Price as defined in Section III.8.2.a (as adjusted for any stock
dividends. combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series B Preferred Stock
and 8% of the Series B-I Issue Price as defined in Section II1.B.2.a (as adjusted for amy stock
dividends. combinations or splits with respect to such shares) on the Series B-1 Preferred Stock,
shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year, except for:

(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the Jesser of cost or
fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company;

(ii) | acquisitions of Common Stock in exercise of the
Company’s right of first refusal to repurchase such shares; or

(iii)distri butions to holders of Common Stock in accordance
with Section 2.

b. In the event the Company shal! declare a distribution or dividend
on any Common Stock (other than dividends payable solely in Common Stock of the Company).
then, in each such case, the holders of the Preferred Stock shal! be entitled to a proportionate
share of any such distribution as though the holders of the Preferred Stock were the holders of
the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company into which their respective shares oF
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the Company entitled to receive such distribution.

2. Liquidation Preference.

a. In the event of any liquidation. dissolution or winding up off the
Company (a “Liquidation”), whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-! Preferred Stock shall be entitled 10
receive. on @ puri passu dasis but prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the legally

LP AC VEESOOF, |

int
available assets or surplus funds of the Company te the holders of the Common Stock by reason
of their ownership thereof, (i} in the case cf Series A Preferred Stock. the amount of $2.174 per
share, as adjusted for any siock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares, (the
“Series A Issue Price’). plus all declared but unpaid dividends. on each such share then held by
them. (ii) in the case of Series B Preferred Stock, ihe amount of $24.88 per share, as adjusted for
any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares (the “Series B Issue
Price”), plus ali declared but unpaid dividends, on each such share then held by thern and (iil) in
the case of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the amount of $25.26 per share, as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares (the “Series B-} Issue Price”), plus
ali declared but unpaid dividends, on each such share then held by them. if upon the occurrence
of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Preferred Stock
shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential
amount, then the entire asseis and funds of the Company legally available for distribution snall
be distributed ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferentia!
amount each such holder is otherwise entitied to receive.

b, Afier payment io the holders of the Preferred Stock of the amounis
set forth in Section I1/.B.2.a above, the entire remaining assets and funds of the Company legaily
available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably among the horders cf the Common

no

Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock heid by each.

£. Natwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, scleiy for purposes
of determining the amount each holder of shares of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive with
respect to a Liquidation, each series of Preferred Stock shall bh. treated as if all holders of such
series had converted such holder's shares of such series inte shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to the Liquidation if, as a result of an actual conversion of any series of
Preferred Stock (including taking into account the operation of this paragraph-(c) with respect to
all series of Preferred Stock), holders of such series would receive (with respect io such series).
in the aggregate, an amount greater than the amount that would be distributcd to holders of such
series if such helders had not converted such series of Preferred Steck into shares of Common _
Stock. .

d. For purposes of this Section If1.B.2, (i) any acquisiticn of the
Company by means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization in which outstanding
shares of the Company are exchanged for securities or other consideration issued, or caused to be
issued, by the acquiring company or its subsidiary (other than a transaction effected solely to
reincorporate the Company ‘in ancther jurisdiction) and pursuant to which the hoiders of the
outstanding voting securities of the Company. immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or
other transaction fail to hold equity securities representing a majority of the voting power of the
Company or surviving entity immediately following such consclidation, merger or other
transaction (an “Acquisition”) or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
(an “Asset Sule”), shall be treaied as a Liquidation of the Company and shali entitle the hoiders
of Preferred Stock to receive at the closing of such transaction in cash, securities or other
property (valued as provided in Section ill.B.2.e below) the amcunis as specified in Section
I1f.B.2.a above; provided that an Acquisition shall not include any transaction or series of
transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash ts received by the

wood

1-PA/3710999.}
Company or any successor or indebtedness ef the Company is canceled or converted or a
combination thereof.

Q. Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section f1f.B.2 shal!
be payable in securities or property other than cash. the value of such distribution shall be the fair
market value of such securities or other property. Any securities shall be valued as fellowes:

(i) If waded on a securitics exchange or througn the Nasdaq
National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange or system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior
to the closing:

Gi} If actively traded over-the-counter but not on the Nasaaq
National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices
(whichever is applicable) over the thirty (30) day pericd ending three (3) days prior to the

ciosing; and

(A) YY there js no active market. the value shali be the fair
arket value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company. |

3. Voting Rights.

Except as otherwise provided herein or as required by law, the Preferred Stock
will be voted equally with the shares of the Common Stock ana not as a separate ciass, at any
annual or special meeting of shareholders of the Company, and may act by written consent in the
same manner as the Common Stock. in either case upon the following basis: each holder of
shares of the Preferred Stock shail be entitled to the number of votes equal to the respective
number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Siock couid be
converted immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or
the effective date of such written consent, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholdersi )
meciiag in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company. Fractional votes shall not. however, be
permitied and any fractional! vcting rights resulting from the above formula (afies aggregating 2

shares into.wnich shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shali bd
rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

—

a

4. Conversion. The hoiders of the Preferred Stock shail have conversion rights —
as follows:

a. Richt to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such
share, at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for such stock, into fully paid and .
nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock to which a
holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled upon conversion shall be determined by dividing the
Series A issue Price or Series 8 Issue Price or Series B-i Issue Price, as applic cable, by the
cativersion price for such share in effect at the time that such certificate is surrendered for
conversion, and then muitiplying by the number of shares of Preferred Stock being converted.
The conversion price per share (the “Conversion Price”} (i) for shares cf Series A Preferred
Stock shail initially be the-Series A Issue Price, (ii) for shares of Series B Preferred Stock sha il

}-PA3 720999. | : 4
“.M.-- jnitially be the Series B Issue Price and {iii) for shares of Series B-} Preferred Steck shall
" initialiy be the Series B-{ Issue Price, each subject io adjustment as hereinafter provided.

: un Fach share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automaiically
be converied into shares of Conimon Stock at the then applicable Coiversion Price upon the

earlier to occur of (i) the dare specified by written consent or agreement of shareholders holding
_ at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, or {ii) immediately upon the closing of the sale of the Company's Common Steck in
a firm commitment, underwritten pubiic offering registered under the Securities Act cf 1933, as
- _amended (the “Securities Act”). which results in aggregate proceeds to the Company (before
deduction for underwriters’ discounts and expenses relating to the issuance, including without
- limitation fees of the Company” s counsel) equal te at least $30,000, 000 (a “Qualified FO").

pen such automatic conyers: on, any declured and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance

wy

Each share of Series B Preferred Stock < shall automat ‘upally

oe

gjof a

in n accordance swith the provisions of Section Ti. Bl.

ajEach share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock  |shali
“automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Price
‘upon, the earlier to occur of (3) the date e specified by written consent or agreement of shareholders
holding at ieast a majority of the then outstanding sheres of Preferred Stock, voting together as a
ingle class, and sharchoiders holding at least a majority of the {hen outstanding shares of Series
'B=1 Preferred Stock. voting together as a single class, or (ii) immediately upon the closing of a
Qualified IPQ. Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shail, be
paid i in accordance with the provisions of Section I1.B.1. )

e. Mechanics of Conversion.
|
\

eee (i) | Except in the case of an automatic conversion pursuant to
* Section JI.B.4.b.. before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into
‘shares of Common Stock, such holder shal! surrender the certificate or certificates therefor,|duly
endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer_agent for such stock, and shall) give
. written notice to the Company at such office that such holder elects to convert the same and shall
“i State therein the name or names in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for
“shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Company shell, as soon as practicable thereafter,
"- issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock a certificate or certificates for
ihe ‘pumber of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and
shall promptly pay (3) in cash or, to the extent sufficient funds are nat then legaliy available

na

bam.

therefor, in Commen Stock (at the Common Su-’s fair market value determined by the Board
as of the date of such conversicn). any declared ...i unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred
Siock being converted and (ii) in cash-(at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by
the Board as of the date of conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stock

otherwise issuable to any hold der of Preferrcd Stock. Such canversion skall be deemed to

been made immediately priar.to the close of business on the date cf surrender of the shar

Preferred Stock to be converted. and the person or persons entitled to re

have
-
es Gi

ve the shares of

ce!
Common Siock issuable upon such conversion shail be treated for all purposes as the record

holder or fiaiders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

{ii} if the conversion is in connection with an underwrt
offering of securities pursuant ta the Securit'es Act, the conversion may, at the option of any

holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion. be conditionea upon the closing:
‘the underwriters of the sale af securities pursuant to such offering. in which event the pers

on(s)

entitled to receive the Common Steck upon conversien of the Preferred Stack shall not. be

. : . !
deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until iramediately prior to the closing off
sate of securities. —

d. Adjustments to Conversion Price for Certain Diluting }ssues.

the following definitions apply:

such

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section J!.B.4,

(1) “Options” shail mean rights, options or warvants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as |

defined below).

(2) “Originat Issue Date” shall mean the date on which

the first share of Series B-] Preferred Stock was issued.

(3) “Convertibie Securities” shall mean anv evidences

of indebtedness, shares (cther than Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, or Seri
Preferred Stock or Series B-!. Preferred Stock) or ciher securities convertible int
exchangeable for Common Stock, including securities described in Section I]1.B.4.d.()(4).

ies B

o or

(4) “Additional Shares of Common Stack” shall mean

alf shares of Common Stock issued (or. pursuant to Section HI.B.4.d(iii} deemed 19 be issue

2d} by

the Company after the Original Issue Date, other thar shares of Common Steck issued or

issuable after the Original Issue Date:

fA) upon conversion of shares of Preferred

Stock:

(B) up te 3,863,819 shares (as adjusted for stock

splits, stack dividends, combinations, reorganizations and like transactions) of Common

by at least 76% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company), issued to emplo
officers, directors or consultants of the Company or a subsidiary pursuant to stock opti

PPASTIOVSOD UO | 6

Stock,
ur options or warrants to purchase shares of Common stock (or such greater nurnber as appr.

oved

ECS.
ep Ct

stock purchase plans or other arrangements in each case on terms approved by at least 76%) of
the members of the Board of Directors cf the Company:

iC) pursuant to transactions involving research
or development funding, technology licensing, joint. ventures, strategic alliances, partnering
arrangements, bank financings or lease arrangements pursuant to agreements in cach case
approved by at least 76% of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(D) pursuant to the acquisition of ancther
corporation or entity by the corporation by way of merger, purchase of assets, stock for stock
exchange or other reorganization or recapitalization in each case approved by at least 76% of the
members of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(E) ina Qualified IPQ:

(F) pursuant to a transaction described | in
Section Hf B.4.f or

{(G) for which adjustment of the applicable
Conversion Price is made pursuant to this Section []I.B.4.

(i!) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein
to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment i in the applicable Conversion Price shall be made
in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per
share (determined pursuant to Section ITI.B.4.d(v) hereof) for an Additional Share of Common
Stock issued or deemed to be issued by the Company is less than the applicable Conversion Price
in effect immediately prior to such issue.

(iii)Deeme___d Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock. | In
the event the Company at any time or from time to time after the Originai Issue Date snail issue
any Options cr Convertible Securities (other than shares of Series B Preferred Stock authorized
herein) or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities then
entitled to receive any such Gptions or Convertible Securities, then the maximum numbey of
shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained
therein designed to protect against dilution) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such
Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the sonversion) or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Sne.-s of Common
Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have veen fixed) as
of the close of business on such record date, provided further that in any such case in which
Additional Shares of Commen Stock are deemed to be issued:

()) no further adjustments in the applicable Conversion
Price shail be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertibie Securities or shares of Common
Steck upon the exercise of such Options cr conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their
lernis provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration

1-PABT 0900} . 7

payable to the Company, or decrease in the number cf shares of Common Stock issuatsle, upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange ther¢of. ‘he applicable Conversion Price computed upon the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record cate with respect thereto), and any
subseguent adjustments based thereon, shail, upon any such increase or decrease becoming
effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decvease insofar as it affects such Options cr
the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities (provided, nowever, that
no such adjustment of the Conversion Price shall affect Common Stock previously issued upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock):
i -

(3) upon the expiration of any such options or rights,
the termination of any such rights 10 Convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or
rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the applicable Conversion Price to
the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities or options
or rights related to such securities. shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number
of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect)
actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights. upon the conversion or exchange of
such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such securities:

(4) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) or (3) above
shall have the effect of increasing the applicable Conversicn Price to an amount which exceeds
the lower of (a) the Conversion Price on the original adjustment date or (b} the Converston Price
that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the
original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

Gy) Adjustment of Conversion Pr Price Upon 1 issuance ‘of
Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Company, at any time after the Original
issue Date shal! issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of
Commen Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section Til.B.4.d(ili}) without consideration or
for a consideration per share less than the appricabie Conversion Price in effect on the date of
and immediately prior to such issue, then, and in such event, the applicable Conversion Price
shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent)
determined by multiplying the Conversion Prive by a fraction, the numerator of wnich shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as defined below) immediately
prior to such issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the sesiee ate
consideration received by the Company for the total number of Adgitional Shares of C ommon
Stock so issued would purchase at the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
issuance, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock deemed
outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of stica
Additional Shares cf Common Stock so issued. For the purpose ef the above calculatk yn, the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue shall be
calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if ali shares of Preferred Stock and all outstanding
Convertible Sscurities had been fully converted into shares of Common Siock and. anv
outstanding warrants, outstanding options or other rights outstanding for the purchas= of snares
of stock or convertible securities had been fully exercised {and the resulting securities fuliy
converted inte shares of Commen Stock, if so convertible) as of such date. ‘

ne)

FePALITIOOEL x
(vj) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
Section UI.B.4.¢, the consideration received by the Comnany for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(A) insofar as it consists of cash, be compuied at
the aggregate amount of cash received by th: Company. excluding amounts paid cr payable for
accrued interest or deciared but unpatd dividenus:

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fuir value thereof at the urne ef such issue, as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors: and

(C) in the event Additionai Shares of Ccmunon
Stock are issued icgether with other shares or securities or other assets of the Company for
consideration which covers both, be the propertion of such consideration so received, computed
as provided in clauses (A) 2:2 (B) above, as determined in gocd faith by the Board of Directors.

., . (2) Options and Convertible Securities. The
_ consideration per share recei.:d by the Company for Additional Shares of Common Stock
- deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section NI.B.4.d(iii), relating to Gptions and Convenibls
- Securities shall be determined bs dividing

{Ay the totai amount, if any, received ¢
receivable by the Company as consideration for the issue of such Options. or Convertible
Securities, plus ihe minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein designed to
_ protect against dilution) payable to the Company upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertibie Securities. ar in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or
exchange of such Converiitle Securities by |

(B) the maximum number cf shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein designed to protect egainst the diluticn) issuable upon the exersise of such Options or
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

e. Adjustinents ior SiS K_ Dividends and for Combinations or
Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that this Cormpany at ary time or from time to time

after the Original issue Date shall declare or pay. without consideration, any dividend on the
Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock for no
consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater number of shares of Common Stoci: (by stock split, reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Sock), or in the
event the cutsianding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise. into a fesser number of shares of Common Steck, then the
conversion price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately pricr to such event shall,

1PA/STIOOSC. 5 9
concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, >: propertionately decreased or increased, as
appropriate. In the event that the Company shall declare or pay, without consideration, any
dividend on the Common Stock payable in any right te acquire Common Stock for no
consideration then the Company shall be deemed io have made a dividend payable in Common:
Stock in an amount of shares equal to the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of
such rights to acquire Common Stock.

f. Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the
‘Common Stuck issuable upon conversion of any series of Preferred Stock shall be changed into
the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification cr otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section II].B.4.¢ above or a merger or other reorganization referred io im Section
'11.B.2.d above}, the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall.
concurrently with the effectiveness of such recrganization or reclassification, be preportionately
adjusted so that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in tieu of the number of shares of
Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common
Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock immediately before that change, respectively.

g. Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of any conversion price pursuant to this Section L1I.B.4, the Conipany
at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate executed by
ihe Company's President or a Vice President setiing forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to
be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments,
(ii) the conversion price for such series of Prefeired Stock at the time in effect, and (iii) the
nurnher of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

h. Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Company’ shail
propese at any time (ij to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether
in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or
not out of earings or earned surplus, (fi) a Liquidation or any voluntary or involuntary
dissolution or winding up of the Company, or (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders
of any class cr series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other
rights, then, in connection with each such evant, unless otherwise waived by a majority of
Preferred Stock, the Company shail send to the holders of Preferred St ck at least twenty (20)
days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record shall be taken for such dividend,
distribution. Liquidation, dissclution, winding up or subscription rights.

4 Reservation of Stock Issuadle Upon Conversion, The Company
shal! at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpese of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Steck.
such number of its shares of Common Stock-as shall fiom time to time he tics om to effect the

PPABINOW | iQ}
conversion of all outstanding shares cf the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect ihe conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Company will take such corporaie
action as may. in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to incr -ase its authorized but raissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as 's shall be sufficient for such purpose,
including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to co obtain the requisite shareholder approval

of any necessary amendment te these Articles. |

}. Fractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon the
conversior of any share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (imeluding
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
resuit in the issuance of any fractional share. If, afier the aforenieniionc. aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company
shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a
sum in cash equal to ihe fair market value of such fraction on the date of conversion (as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

k. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section
{11.B.4 shall be in. writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery tc
the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during |
normal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (it!) five (5) days
afier deposit in the United States mail, by regisiered or certified mail, postage prepaid and _
properly addressed to the party to be notified, or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt,
All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on
the books of the Company.

5. Board Representation. In addition io the rights of the holders of Preferred
Stock io vote on an as converted basis with holders of Common Stock. pursuant to Section }II.B.3
above, with respect to election of directors:

a. For so long as any shares cf Series A Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stuck, voting as a separate class. shall be entitled
10 elect three (3) members of the Board of Directors (each a “Series A Director’) at each mecting
or pursuant to each consent of the Company's siareholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or
removal of such directors.

b. The hoiders of Comme: -iock, voting as a separate class, shall be

entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board of Dirs srs (each a “Common Ditetion jal cacn
meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’ -hareholders for the election of directors,
and to remove from office such directors and to fill a: vacancy caused by the res sianation, death

or removal of such directors.

c. The holders of Preferred Stoc\ and the holders of Common Stock,
voling together as 2 single class on an as-if converied basis, shall be entitled to elect any

—e
—

1-PA/371 0990.1
additional members of the Board of Directors (each an “Independent Director’), and to remove
from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or rernoval of
such direciors.

6. Redemption. The Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

7. Restrictions and Limitations. So long as at least 20% of the shares of) the
Preferred Stock sold by the Company (as adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations,
recapitalizations and the like) remain outstanding, consent of the holders of at least the majority
of the Preferred Stock shall be required for any action that (whether by amendment, merger,

reorganization or otherwise):

a. alters or changes the rights, preferences or orivileges of the
Common Stack cr the Preferred Stock,

b. increases or decreases the authorized number of shares of Common
or Preferred Stock.
c. creates (by reclassification or otherwise) any new ciass or series of

shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock,

d. results in the redemption of any shares of Preferred Stock or
_ Common Stock (other than pursuant to equity incentive agreements with employees and other
.° service providers giving the Company the right to repurchase shares upon the termination of
7 . empioyment or such other service relationship. at their criginal cost),

os e. results in a Liquidation or other corporate reorganization, including
‘any reorganization or other transaction involving any parent or subsidiary of the Company.

f. amends or waives any provision of the Company’s Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,

g. increases or decreases the authorized size of the Company's Board
of Directors, or

n. results in the payment or declaration of any dividend on any snares
of Commen or Preterred Stock: . | '

provided. however. that for any amendment or waiver of any provision of the
Company's Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation or Bylaws that would have a
material. adverse and disproportionate effect on a series of Preferred Stock retative to any other
series of Preferred Stock, consent of the holders of at leas: the majority of such series of
Preferred Stock voting as a separate class shall be required. .

8 No Reisstiance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock
acquired by the Conipany by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion, cr otherwise shall be
reissued: and, in addition. the «articles of incorporation shail be appropriately amended to effect
the corresponding reduction in te Company's authorized stock. :

“1-BA/3710999.1 i
C. The Common Siock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject ia the prior rights of the holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as io dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive. when and as “eclares by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Company legally available therefor. such dividends as may be deciared from time to

time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liguidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, the assets « . the Company snall be distributed as provided in Section iII.B.2.

3. Redemption, The Common Stock shai riot be redeemabie (other than
repurchases by the Company ot une sete shares of Comman Stock issued pursuant to a restricted
stuck purchase agreement or the Comnany’s Stock Pian, or exercises of the Company’s righi of
first refusal).

“4, Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in acccrdance with
ihe Bylaws of the Company. and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner
as may be. provided herein or by law.

ARTICLE IV

A. _ The tiability of the directors of the Company for morztary damages shall be
ciiminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. ~The Company is authori zed to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
ection 3 17 7 of the Catifornia Corporations Code) through bylaw provisions, agreements with the
agents. yesies’ of shareholders or disinterested directors. or otherwise in excess of the
indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Cade. subject
only to applicable California Corporations Code provisions with respect to actions for breach of
duty to the Company and iis shareholders. If after the effective date of this Articie IV,
California law ts amended in a manner that permits a corporaticn to limit the monetary or other
liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification of, or advancement cf defense expenses
tO, its directors or other persons, in any such case io a greater extent that is permitted on such
effective date, the references in this Article to “California law" shall to that extent be deemed to
refer to California law as so amended.

C. Any repeal or moditication of this Article shall be prospective onty and saail not
effect the rights under this Article in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or
oniission to act giving rise to liability.

THREE: The foregciag Amended and Restated Anicles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors.

oS)

3-PA/B710090.1 H
FOUR: The foregoing Amended and Restaicd Articles of Incorporation have been
approved bv the holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accordarice with
Sections 902 and 903 of the California General Corporation Law; the total! nurnber of
outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was
4,936,798 shares of Common Stock, 9.475.006 shares cf Series A Preferred Stock, 1.667.817
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and 1.376.918 shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock. The
nurnber of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vote
required, such required vote being (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock voting together as a single class and on an as-converted basis, (i) a majority of
the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock voting as a separate class and on an as-
converted basis, (iii) a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock voting
as 2 separate class and on an as-converted basis, (iv) a majority of the Series B-i Preferred Stock
voting as a separate class and on an as-converted basis, and (v) a majority of the outstanding
shares of Common Siock voting as a Separate class.

-PASSTIOV2O F Is
: IN WITNESS WHEREOF. the undersigned have executed this document on June
- 2008 jn Emeryville, Alameda County. California.

ff
1 1 A ‘ f
| | ( Vif d
i\ i i H L,
le Ae h. im A Gf ee
Jopn EY Maelo. Chief Executive Officer

on a em.

The undersigned frther declare ander penalty of perjury under the laws vf the
State af California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct ofourown
know ledge.

wk
Executed this AG day of June, 2068. in “ee Alameda County, California.

I

re a. Melo. Lt Executive Officer |

—

:

‘s.

Jeryi "tileman, “Chief Financial Officer

PPASRTEOU9G
