AQSOINUT ENDORSED - FILED

in the office of tha Secretary of State
of the State of California

APR 1 2 2007
~ FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
ANCHIVA SYSTEMS, INC.
- The undersigned, Charles Clark and David C. Lee, hereby certify thar:

l, They are the duly elected and act

ing President and Secretary, respecti vely, of
Anchiva Systems, Inc., a.California corporation }

2. The Articles of |

ncorporation of this corporation shal] be amended and rest ated to
read in full as follows: :

ARTICLE I.

The name of this corporation is Anchiva Systems, Inc. (the “Corporation"),

ARTICLE IT. .

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the

banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by. the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE IIE.

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation

is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
_ be designated, respectively, “Common Stock”

and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares

Twenty Nine Thousand Five Hundred Sixty Five (1 14,629,565) shares, each with a par value of
50.0001 per share. Sixty Eight Miltion (68,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock and Forty

Six Million Six Hundred Twenty Nine Thousand Five Hundred Sixty Five (46,629,565) shares
_ Shall be Preferred Stock.

(B) Righ ts, Preferences and Restrictions.of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by these Fourth Amend

ed and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the “Restated
Articles”) may be issued from time to time.in one or more series. The first series of Preferred

Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of One Million Five
Hundred Thousand ( 1,500,000) shares. The second series of Preferred Stock shal! be designated
“peries A-1 Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Four Million 51x Hundred Seventy Three
Thousand Four Hundred Forty Eight (4,673,448) shares. The third series of Preferred Stock
shall be designated “Series A-? Preferred Stock” and shal] consist of Seven Million One
Hundred Twenty Two Thousand Seven Hundred Eighty Four (7,122,784) shares. The fourth
series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist of
Thirty Three Million Three Hundred Thirty Three Thousand Three Hundred Thirty Three
(33,333,333) shares. The rights, preferences. privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed

OHS West:2601 792335
on the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article ITI B).

1, Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
; ae .
Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-? Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock Shall be

entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference
(o any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other
securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation, provided that an adjustment to
the respective Conversion Price (as defined below) of such other securities or nights has been

- Made in accordance with Section 4(d)(ii) below) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the
rate of (i) $0.026664 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-Preferred Stock,
(11) $0.045712 per share (as adjusted for stock Splits, combinations, stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-| Preferred Stock,
(itt) $0.0664 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, stock dividends, |
reclassifications or the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-? Preferred Stock,
and (iv) $0.012 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, stock dividends, |

“Board of Directors”), Such dividends shall not be cumulative, After payment of such
dividends, any additional dividends shall be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and
Common Stock pro rata based-on the number of shares of Common Stock then heid by each
holder (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

2. Liquidation.

(a) Series B Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution
Or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of
the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. Series A-1 Preferred
Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of their Ownership thereof, an
amount per share equal to $0.15 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, stock

such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Series A, Series A-] and Series A-? Preference. In the event of
any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary,
after the payment in full of al} amounts payable to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock
pursuant to’Section 2(a) above, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-] Preferred
Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any

2.
OHS West:260179233,5
distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common St
their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to (i) $0,3333 per share
splits, combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications or the li}
Preferred Stock then held by them, plus dectared but unpaid dividends, (ii) $0.5714 per share (as
adjusted for stock Splits, combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) for each

share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock then held by them plus declared but unpaid dividends and .

, Stock dividends. reclassifications

ock by reason of
(as adjusted for stock
¢ like) for each share of Series A

(111) $0.83 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations
or the like) for each share of Series A-2 Preferred Stock then held by them. plus declared but
unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of such event and after the Payments to the holders of
the Series B Preferred Stock required under Section 2(a) above, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-] Preferred Stock and
Series A-2 Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the Payment to such holders of the ful]
aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally
available for distribution shal} be distributed ratabl y among the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive,

(c) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to shareholders shall be distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and the
Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each
(assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stock) (as adjusted for stock

Splits, combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like).

(d) Certain Acquisitions,

(i) Deemed Liquidation, For Purposes of this Section 2. q
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if the

Corporation shall (i) sell. convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property or
business, (ii) merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited liability
company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation), (iii) license
or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its mtellectual property in a transaction or a series
of related (ransactions, or (iV) consummate any other transaction or series of related transactions
(other than an underwritten public offering) in which shareholders of the Corporation
immediately prior to the ‘ransaction own less than 50% of the voting power of the surviving

corporation following the transaction (any such transaction, a “Liguidation Transaction”),

| (ii) Valuation of Consideration. In the evens of a Liquidation
Transaction, if the consideration received by the Corporation is other than cash, its value will be
deemed its fair market value. Any securities Shall be valued as follows:

-3-
OHS West:260179233.5
, (A) Securities not sub ject to investment letter or other
Similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board

of Directors and derived from the Closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq
Over a specified time period: :

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
Shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid
or sales prices (whichever is applicable) for such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) If there is nO active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

, (B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a shareholder’s Status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(d)Cii)(A)

to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof. as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

6) Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Pr

eferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation
Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such
Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Transaction,
whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of

this Section 2(d) are not complied with, the Corporation shal] forthwith either cause the Closing
of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section ? have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences.
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock,
Series A-2 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shail revert to and be the same as such

rights, preferences. privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the first
notice referred to in Section 2(d)(iii)

-4-
OHS West:26017923%.5
3, Redemptio » The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4 Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shal] have conversion

rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights"):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Preferred
Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of
issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into
suich number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by
dividing (i) $0.3333 in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, (11) $0.5714 in the case of the
Series A-| Preferred stock, (iii) $0.83 in-the case of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock and
(iv) $0.15 in case of the Series B Preferred Stock. by the Conversion Price applicable to such

share, determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for

Preferred Stock. $0.5714 for shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, $0.83 for shares of Series A-2
Preferred Stock and $0.15 for shares of Series B Preferred Stock. Such initial Conversion Prices

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in
effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (1) except as provided below in
Section 4(c), the Corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a firm comunitment underwritten
public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”), the public offering price of which is not less than $2.00 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, combinations, stock dividends. reclassifications or the like) and which
results in aggrepate cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $30,000,000 (before
deductions of underwriting discounts. commissions and expenses) (a “Qualified IPO") or {a1} the
date specified by written consent OF agreement of the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class on an as converted

+

notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate. office, of the election to convert the same and
Shall state therein the name Or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of
Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue
and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of
such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion Shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of such
series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in
connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities
Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred Stock for

; -5-
OHS West:260179233.5
conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering, in which event an Y persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock
until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities. :

, (d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive issuances, Splits and Combinations, The Conversion Price of the Series A Pre ferred
Stock, Series A-! Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shail
be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

| @ Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price, If
the Corporation should issue, at any time after the date upon which any shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred
Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date” with respect to each such Series), any Additional
Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the
Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional
Stock, the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to each such issuance

shall automatically be adjusted as set forth in this Section 4(d)(i), unless otherwise provided in
this Section 4(d)(i).

(A) Adjustment Formula. Whenever the Conversion

Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d){i), the new Conversion Price shall be determined
by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shal!
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the .
“Outstanding Common”) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the agpregate
consideration received by the Corporation for such Issuance would purchase at such Conversion
Price; and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of Shares of Outstanding Common
plus the number of shares ‘of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation

‘

(B) Definition of “Additionat Stock”. For purposes of
this Section 4(d)(i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or

deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase
Date) other than an :

(1) securities issued pursuant to stock dividends.
stock splits, recapitalization or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ti) hereof:

(2) Common Stock issued of issuable to
employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation or its subsidiaries directly or pursuant to a
stock option plan or restricted stock plan or agreements approved by at least two-thirds (2/3) of
the members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation present at a meeting at which a

quorum ts present or by the unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors of the
Corporation; :

OHS West:260179233.5
! (3) Securities issued to financial institutions or
lessors in connection with commercial credit arrangements. equipment financings, commercial

property lease transactions or similar (ransactions approved by at least two-thirds (2/3) of the
members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation present at a meeting at which a quorum is
present or by the unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors of the Corporation:

(4) securities issuable upONn exercise or
conversion of warrants, notes or other convertible securities or pursuant to rights to acquire

securities of the Corporation that are outstanding as of the date of these Restated Articles:

| . (5) securities issued in connection with bona
fi C ® i .

ide acquisitions, mergers or similar transactions, the terms of which are approved by at least

two-thirds (2/3) of the members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation present at a Meeting

at which a quorum is present or by the unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors of
the Corporation;

- (6) Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock: |

| (7) Common Stock issued Or tSsuable ina
public offering prior to or in connection with which a)} outstanding shares of Preferred stock will

bé converted to Common Stock, the issuance of which is approved by at least two-thirds (2/3) of

| , (8) securities issued or issuable to an entity as a
component of any strategic business relationship with such entity for the purpose of (A) joint

Stribution, supply or manufacture

ngements involving corporate
partners that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business

relationship with such entity are approved by at least two-thirds (2/3) of the members of the

Board of Directors of the Corporation present at a meeting at which a quorum is present or by the
unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors of the Corporation; and

(9) Common Stock issued or issuable with the
affirmative vote of, and the Xpress waiver of any right of first offer by, the holders of at least a
majority of the then Outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as aclass.

| (C) No Fractional Ad justments, No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A- | Preferred Stock, Series A-2

Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per
share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this
sentence shail be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment

1

OHS West:260179233,§
being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving
rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the Case of
the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to bet
cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and Sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock, In the case
of the issuance (whether before, on or after the applicable Purchase Date) of securities or rights
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock (the “Common Stock E ivalents"), the following provisions shal] apply for
all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction

of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and Subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or
such Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration.
if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and related Common Stock
Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise

of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Section 4(d)Gi)(D)).

Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made
for the actual issuance of Common Stock OF any payment of such consideration upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-?

, in any way affected by
, ed to reflect the issuance

OHS West:260179233.5
of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain

convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actual] y issued upon the con version, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents,

(4) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor Pursuant to Section 4(d)(1)(E)( 1) shal]

be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either Section 4(d)(i)(E\(2) or 4(d){2)(E)(3).

, (F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except to the limited extent Provided for in
Sections 4(d)(i)(E)(2) and 4(d)}(iME)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this
Section 4(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasin g the Conversion Price above the Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. |

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a Split or
Subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders ‘Of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of

Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such

the additional shares of Common Stock issuable UPOR Conversion or exercise thereof)
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution split or subdivision
iS fixed), the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-| Preferred Stock,
Series A-2 Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as applicable, shal] be
decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of
such series shal! be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of
Common Stock Outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents
with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from
ime to time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in Section 4(d)( L)(E).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common
Stock Outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the :

outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-2
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall be appropriately increased sq
that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such Series
Shall be decreased in Proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. [n the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other Persons, evidences of indebtedness Issued by the
Corporation or other PeTSONS, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
[0 in Section 4(d){i) or 4(d)(ii), then. in each such case for the Purpose of this Section 4(e)}, the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock or
Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as
(hough they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into
which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the

9.
OHS West:26017923.15
determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such
distribution. |

(f) Recapitalizations. {f at any time or from time to time there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or

sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shal]
be made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property

of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any Such case, appropriate
adjustment shal! be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the
rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the

(g) NoImpairment. The Corporation will not, through any

reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to. avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be Observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and
in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
Conversion Rights of the halders of Preferred Stock against impairment,

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

So (8) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of Preferred Stock. in.lieu of fractional shares, the Corporation will pay cash
In an amount equal to the fair value of such fractional shares. based on the fair market value of
the shares of Common Stock, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, as of the

number of shares of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

a Certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall. upon the written request
at any Qme of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-?
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like |
certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment. (B) the Conversion Price for the
. Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preterred Stock, Series A-? Preferred Stock or Series B
Preferred Stock, as applicable, at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common

; -10-
OHS: West:2601 792335
Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the lime would be received upon the
conversion of a share of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock. Series A-2
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as applicable.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, Or to receive any other right, the Corporation shal] mail
to each holder of Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice
specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

of Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock: and
if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock.
in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued Shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shal]
be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain

the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these Restated Articles.

(k) Notices, Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the

United States mail. postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation,

§, Voting Rights.

(a) Except as expressly provided by these Restated Articles or as
provided by law, the holders of Preferred Stock shall have the same voting rights as the holders
of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance

be converted. Fractional voles
Shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted

basis (after agpregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by.each holder could

be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded
upward),

-f1-
OHS West:260179233.5
(b) The holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a
separate series, shal] be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board of Directors (the “Series B

Director”), All remaining members of the Board of Directors shail be elected in accordance with
applicable laws.

6. Protective Provisions.

(a) So long as at least 7,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock are
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications or the
like), the Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first
obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least

fi) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the
shares of Preferred Stock or any series thereof:

(ii) amend, modify, alter or waive any provision of these
Restated Articles or the Corporation’s bylaws:

(iii) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total
number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock or any series thereof:

(iv) reclassify any equity security of the Corporation:

(v) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue. any other
equity security, including any security (other than any currently existing series of Preferred

Stock) convertible into or exercisable for any equity security, having a preference over, or being

on a parity with, the Preferred Stock or any series thereof with respect to any rights, preferences
or privileges, including without limitation, voting (other than the pan passu voting rights of
Common Stock), dividends, redemption, conversion or upon liquidation:

(vi) effecta Liquidation Transaction:

(vii) consummate any acquisition’ of any other corporation,
partnership, company or other entity Or person or its assets:

(viii) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set
funds aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Common Stock; provided,
however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from
employees, officers, diréctors. consultants or other persons performing services for the
Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the Corporation has the
option to repurchase such shares at no greater than cost upon the occurrence of Certain events,

such as the termination of employment or through the exercise of any right of first refusal of the
Corporation:

-]?-
OHS West:260:179233.5
(ix) declare or pay dividends or make any other distributions to
the holders of shares of Common Stock: or

(x) increase or decrease the authorized number of members of
the Board of Directors. .

Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares 50 converted shall be cancelled and
Shall not be issuable by the Corporation. These Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended
lo effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

8, Repurchase of Shares, In connection with repurchases by the
Corporation of its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof,

Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law shall not apply in whole or in
part with respect to such repurchases.

(C) Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights, Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of

stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends

Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividen
(Oo time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the Occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation

shall be distributed as Provided in Section 2 of Antcle IYI(B).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock js not redeemable.

| 4. Voting Rights, Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in

accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such Matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV.

(A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.
(B) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of a

Section 317 of the California Corporations Code} to the fullest
California law.

gents (as defined in
extent permissible under

(C) = Any amendment. repeal or modification of
Article IV by the shareholders of the Corporation shall n
protection of a director or agent of the Corporation exist
| repeal or modification.” :

the foregoing provisions of this
ot adversely affect any right or
ing at the time of such amendment,

-]3-
OHS West:260) 79233.5
* we ok

3, The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
corporation. :

4, The foregoing amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite number of
shares of this.corporation in accordance with Sections 907

: and 903 of the California General
Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the

foregoing amendment was 6,192,929 shares of Common Stock, 1,500,000 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, 4,673,448 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and 7,122,784 Shares of Series

A-2 Preferred Stock, The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment &qualed
Or exceeded the vote required. The percentage

vote required was (i) a majority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock and Prefe

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

-[4.
OHS West:260179233,5
The undersigned cerufy under penal

ty of perjury under the laws of the State of California
that the matters set forth in this

Certificate are te and correct to my own knowledge,
Executed at Santa Clara, California, on April <2, 2007.

Vien

Charlf Clark, President

David C. Lee, Secretary

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE RESTATED ARTICLES
The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury under the Inws of the State of California
that the matters Set forth in this Certificate are. fue and correct to my own knowledge,

Executed at Santa Clara, California, on Apri} J 2, 2007.

Charles Clark, President

Wad Co

David C. Lee, Secretary

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE RESTATED ARTICLES |

