06]
ver FILE
12 office of the Secretary of S:-

: N A N
NOV Qj 20047

OF .
Lin Gli
ANCHIVA SYSTEMS, INC, “EVIN SHELLEY, of St

The undeisigned. Ruev-sing Wei. hereby certifies that:

l. He is the duly elected and acting President and Secretary of Anchiva Systems.
Inc.. a California corporation.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to
read in [ull as follows:

“ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is Anchiva Systems, Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE II

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice ofa profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

The name and address in the State of California of this corporation’s initial agent for
service of process is: Ruey-sing Wei, 1089 Geronimo Ct., Fremont. CA 94539-6958.

ARTICLE IIE

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, zespectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is Twenty-six million Five Hundred Thousand
(26,500,000) shares, cach with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Twenty-five Million
(25,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock and One Million Five Hundred Thousand
(1,500,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock

authorized by these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the “Restated Articles”)
may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The first series of Preferred Stock shall
be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shal! consist of One Million Five Hundred
Thousand (1,500,000) shares. The rights. preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and
imposed on the Series A Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article III(3).

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
1. Dividend Provisions. [The holters of shares of Series A Preterred Stock
shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor. prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or
other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive. directly or
indirectly. additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation. provided that an adjustment to
the respective Conversion Price (as defined below) of such other securities or rights has been
made in accordance with Section 4(d){ii) below) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the
rate of $0.026664 per share (as adjusted for stock splits. stock dividends, reclassifications or the
like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, payable quarterly when. as
and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”). Such
dividends shall not be cumulative. After payment of such dividends, any additional dividends
shal! be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata
based on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by cach holder (assuming conversion
of all such Series 4. Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation. dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preterred Stock
shall be entitled to receive. prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount
per share equal to $0.3333 per share (as adjusted for stock splits. stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like) for each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them, plus
declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and
funds of the Corporation legaliy available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to tne preferential amount each such holder
is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Assets, Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(2) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution
to shareholders shall be distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the
Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each
(assuming conversion of all such Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock) (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like).

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liguidation. For purposes of this Section 2. a
liquidation. dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if the
Corporation shall sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property or
business or merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited liability
company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) (any such

transaction, a “Liquidation Transaction”). provided that none of the following shall be considered
a Liquidation Transaction: (i) a consolidation with a wholly-owned subsidiary of the

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -2-
Corporation, (ii) a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the
Corporation, (iit) an equity financing in which the Corporation is the surviving corporation. or
(iv) a transaction in which the shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the
transaction own 30% or more of the voting power of the surviving corporation following the
transaction.

(il) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a Liquidation
Transaction, if the consideration received by the Corporation is other than cash, its value will be
deemed its fair market value. Any securities shal] be valued as follows:

(A) — Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”). the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board
of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq
over a specified time period:

(2) If actively traced over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid
or sales prices (whichever is applicable) tor such securities over a specified time period: and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions cn free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
apcropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(c)(iiM \)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof. as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(iii) Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporstion

shall give each holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock written notice of any impending
Liquidation Transaction not later than 1G days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to
approve such Liquidation Transaction. or 10 days prior to the ciosing of such Liquidation
Transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holdc.s in writing of the final
approval of such Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material
terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation Transa«tion and the provisions of this
Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such ‘iolders prompt notice of any material
changes. Unless such notice requirements are waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall not take
place sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or
sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for
herein. Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Restated Articles, all notice periods or
requirements in these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived, either before or after the
action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -3-
voting power of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice
rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. I the event the requirements of
this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing
of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed unul t.e requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights. preferences.
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the
same as such rights, preferences. privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date
of the first notice referred ta in Section 2(c)(iil).

4

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be convertible. at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date
of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock.
into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by
dividing $0.3333 by the Conversion Price applicable to such share. determined as hereafter
provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered tor conversion. The initial
Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be $0.3333. Such initial
Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the
time in effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as provided below in
Section 4(c), the Corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten
public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”), the public offering price of which is not less than $5.00 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stuck dividends, reclassifications or the like) and which results in
aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $30,000,000 (net of underwriting
discounts and commissions) or (ii) the date specified by written consent or agreement of the
holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common
Stock, the holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the
office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall
give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convent
the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nomince or
nominees of such holder, a certificate ur certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -4-
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares
of such series of Preferred Stock to be converted. and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. Ifthe conversion is in
connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant ta the Securities
Act the conversion may. at the option of any holder tendering such Preterred Stock for
conversion, be conditioned upon the closirg with the underwriters of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering. in which event ary persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock
until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock tor Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. [he Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred

Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price. If
the Corporation should issue. at any time after the date upon which any shares of Series A
Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date” with respect to such series). any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less
than the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such
Additional Stock. the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to cach such
issuance shall automatically be adjusted as set forth in this Section 4(d)(1). unless otherwise
provided in th.s Section 4(d)(i).

(A) Adjustment Formula. Whenever the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new Conversion Price shall be determined
by multiplying the Conversic- Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the
“Outstanding Common”) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would purchase at such Conversion
Price; and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common
plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation.
the tern “Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant
to Section 4(d)(i}(E) below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”, For purposes
of this Section 4(d)(i), “Additional Stock’ shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase
Date) other than

(1) | Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ii) hereof;

(2) | Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation directly or pursuant to a stock option
plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporaticn,;

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorpormion -5-
(3) — Capital stock, or options or warrants to
purchase capital stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings. commercial property lease transactions or similar
transactions:

(4) | Shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock
issuable upon exercise of warrants, notes ur other convertible securities or pursuant to rights to
acquire securities of the Corporation that are outstanding as of the date of these Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation:

(5) Capital stock, or warrants or options to
purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar
transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation:

(6) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Series A Preterred Stock:

(7) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
in a public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock will be converted to Common Stock;

(8) Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity
as a component of any business relationship with such entity for the purpose of (A) joint venture.
technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply or manufacture of the
Corporation’s products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving corporate partners
that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business relationship
with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors: and

(9) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
with the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.
voting together as a class.

(C) No Fractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shal! be made in an amount less than one cent
per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this
sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment
being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving
rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of
ihe issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporstion -6-
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case
of the issuance (whether before. on or after the applicable Purchase Date) of securities or rights
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly. additional shares
of Common Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”), the following provisions shall apply for
all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability. including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) ef ans’ Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thei-uf shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or
such Commor. Stock Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration.
if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and related Common Stock
Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends).
plus the minimum additional consideration. if any, to be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise
of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Section 4(d)(i)(D).

(2) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents, other than a change
resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock Equivalents,
shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange
or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock. to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(iME)(1) snall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change. termination or expiration of the type described in
either Section 4(d)(iKE)(2) or 4(d){iKEX3).

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Resiated Articles of Incorporation -7-
(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)d)(1). except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4¢d) i) E(2) and 4(d)(i)(E)(3). no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
4(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the Purchase Date tix a record date for the etfectuation of a split or
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased
so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such
series Shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common
Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents with the
number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from time to
time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d)(i) or 4(d{ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a propertionate share of any such
distribution as though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed
for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision. combination or merger or
sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Sectiun 2) provision shall
be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shali thereafter be entitled to receive
upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or
property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -8-
rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitaiization to the end that the
provisions of this Seciion 4 (including aujustment of the Coaersion Price then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable atier
that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, through any
reorganizaiion, recapitalization, transfer of assets. consolidation. merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action. avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation. but
wil! at all times in vood faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and
iu the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(1) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of Series A Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the Corporation will
pay cash in an amouni equal to the fair value of such fractional shares, based on the fair market
value of the shares of Common Stock, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. as
of the time when those who would otherwise be entitled to receive such fractional shares is
determined. The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the
basis of the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the holder is at the time
converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
aggregate conversion.

(ii) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Sectiun 4, the Corporation. at
its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting
forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time
of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for the
Series A Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, cf other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of a share of the Series A Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for. purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a
notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or

night.

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation -9-
(j) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The

Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
ot Common Stock. solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock. such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion ofall outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock: and
if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock.
in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel. be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purposes. including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain
the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these Restated Articles.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shali be deemed given if deposited
in the United States mail, postage prepaid. and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation.

5. Voting Rights. Except as expressly provided by these Restated Articles
or as provided by law, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the same voting rights
as the holders of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. and the holders of Common Stock and the Series
A Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters. Each holder of Common
Stock shall be entitled to one vote tor each share of Common Stock held, and each holder of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock could be converted.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an
as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A Preferred Stock
held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-
half being rounded upward).

6. Protective Provisions. So long as at least 750,000 shares of Preferred
Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits. stock dividends. reclassifications or the like),
the Corporation shall not (by amendment. merger. consolidation or otherwise) without first
obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent. as provided by law) of the holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. voting together as a class:

Y

(ay — effect a Liquidation Transaction:

(b) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares of such series:

(c) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total number of
authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock: or

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation - 1 Q-
(d) authorize or issue. ans other equity secu-ity. including any securiy
(other than Series A Preferred Stock) convertible into or exercisable for any equity security.
having a preference ove:, or being on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to
voting (other than the pari passu voting rights of Common Stock), dividends, redemption.
conversion or upon liquidation.

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preterred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and
shall not be issuable by the Corporation. These Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended
to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation's authorized capital stock.

8. Repurchase of Shares. [n connection with repurchases by the
Corporation of its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof.
Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law shall! not apply in whole or in
part with respect to such repurchases.

(C) Common Stock.

l. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article ITI(B).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4, Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) — The liaoility of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

(B) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) to the fullest extent permissible under
California law.

. (C) Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article IV by the shareholders of the Corporation sha!! not adversely affect any right or

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articies of Incorporation - I].
protection of a director or agent of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment.
repeal or modification.”

* * x
3. The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
corporation.
4. The foregoing amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite number of

shares of this corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California General
Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment was 7.020.000 shares of Common Stock. The aumber of shares voting in
favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote
required was a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. There are no shares of
Preferred Stock outstanding.

Anchiva - (Series A) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation - | 2-
The undersigned certifV under penalty of pertury under the Jaws of the Stat> of California
that the matters set torth in this Cenifiesie re tes and correct of our own knawlege.

Execulad at Fremont, Califomia on Noverber 1, 2004.

eo DD Le 7 ~

Rury-srfg Wei, President aid Secrctuyy

Amahive - (hess A} Awnmded sad Rensed Araciet of ineerpo:stiog DOC . -[5-

ea
