State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 06:10 PM 01/18/2007
FILED 05:55 PM 01/18/2007
SRV 070060362 - 3661771 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

ANCHOR BAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Craig Soderquist and Cheng Hwee Chee hereby certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Anchor Bay Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“the Corporation”).

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was originally filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware on May 27, 2003 and Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation was filed on July 1, 2003, as amended on April 5, 2005.

3. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, is amended and
restated to read in full as follows:

I
The name of the Corporation is Anchor Bay Technologies, Inc.
II

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is
1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The
name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

II

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
“DGCL”).

IV

(A) — The Corporation is authorized to issue 39,175,000 shares of its capital stock,
which shal] be divided into two classes known as Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) and
Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock”), respectively. The total number of shares of Common
Stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 25,000,000, $0.001 par value per share. The
total number of shares of Preferred Stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue is
14,175,000, $0.001 par value per share.

(B) The Corporation shall from time to time in accordance with the laws of the State
of Delaware increase the authorized amount of its Common Stock if at any time the number of
shares of Common Stock remaining unissued and available for issuance shall not be sufficient to
permit conversion of the Preferred Stock in accordance with the applicable conversion
provisions.
(C) The Preferred Stock authorized by this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Of the Preferred Stock,
8,225,000 shares shall be designated as Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred
Stock”), and 5,950,000 shares shall be designated as Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B
Preferred Stock”).

(D) The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the
Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock and the Common Stock are as follows:

1. Dividend Rights

1. Preferred Stock. If and when declared by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock shail
be entitled to receive ratably out of any funds legally available therefor, a dividend of (i) $0.08
on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits) and (ii) $0.1386 on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits) payable in preference and priority to
any payment of any dividend on any shares of Common Stock of the Corporation. No dividends
on the Common Stock shall be declared or paid before the declaration and payment of all
dividends to the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock as provided above.
The holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate on an as-converted to Common
Stock basis in any dividend declared on the Common Stock on a pro-rata basis. The right to such
dividends on the Preferred Stock shall be noncumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of
Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on such shares are not declared or paid in
any prior year. Dividends, if paid, or if declared and set apart for payment, must be paid on, or
declared and set apart for payment on, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the
Series B Preferred Stock contemporaneously.

1.2 Payment of Dividends. Dividends shall be paid by forwarding a check,
postage prepaid, to the address of each holder (or, in the case of joint holders, to the address of
any such holder), of the Corporation’s capital stock entitled to such dividend. as shown on the
books of the Corporation, or to such other address as such holder specifies for such purpose by
written notice to the Corporation. The forwarding of such check shall satisfy all obligations of
the Corporation with respect to such dividends, unless such check is not paid upon timely
presentation.

2. Liquidation Rights

2.1 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation (a “Liquidation Transaction”), whether voluntary or not, the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive on a pari passu
basis, before any amount shall be paid to holders of Common Stock, an amount per share equal
to (i) $1.00, as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such
shares (the “Series A Original Issue Price”) plus all declared and unpaid dividends, if any
(collectively, “Series A Preference Amount”) and (i) $1.733, as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares (the “Series B Original Issue Price”) plus all
declared and unpaid dividends, if any (collectively, “Series B Preference Amount”). If upon the

2
occurrence of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the assets and funds distributed among the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to
permit the payment to such holders of Preferred Stock the full Series A Preference Amount and
the full Series B Preference Amount, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally
available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the full preferential amount each such holder
is otherwise entitled to receive under this Section 2.1.

2.2 If, after the payment to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock of the entire Series A Preference Amount and of the entire Series B Preference
Amount, assets or funds remain in the Corporation, the holders of Common Stock and the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, on a pro rata as-converted basis (and for
purposes of this sentence, “pro rata as-converted basis” means that the Preferred Stock shall be
treated as if converted to Common Stock at the Series A Conversion Price or Series B
Conversion Price, as applicable, then in effect), remaining assets and surplus funds of the
Corporation.

2.3. A Liquidation Transaction shall be deemed to be occasioned by, and to
include (each of the following, a “Deemed Liquidation Transaction”): the Corporation’s sale or
exclusive license of all or substantially all of its assets or the acquisition of the Corporation by or
reorganization or merger of the Corporation into or with another entity in which the stockholders
of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction do not own a majority of the outstanding
shares of the surviving, purchasing, or newly resulting corporation, whether by means of merger
or consolidation or reorganization immediately following the transaction; provided that a
Deemed Liquidation Transaction shall not be deemed to include (i) a merger effected exclusively
for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation or (ii) any bona fide sale of stock for
capital raising purposes in which cash is received by the Corporation, or any successor, or
indebtedness of the Corporation is cancelled or converted or a combination thereof. No later
- than twenty (20) days before the earlier of (a) the consummation of any Liquidation Transaction
or (b) the holding of'a stockholders’ meeting called to approve such Liquidation Transaction, the
Corporation shali deliver a notice to each holder of Preferred Stock setting forth the principal
terms of such proposed Liquidation Transaction, Such notice shall be deemed delivered upon
personal delivery or, if to a holder in the United States, five (5) days after deposit, and if to a
holder outside the United States, ten (10) days after deposit, in the United States mail, by first
class, registered or certified mail (in each case, prepaid), addressed to a party at its address as
shown on the stock records of the Corporation. Such notice shall include a description of the
amounts that would be paid to holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock
under this Section 2 and of the consideration that such holders would receive if they were to
exercise their rights under Section 4.5 to have shares of Preferred Stock treated as if they had
been converted into Common Stock. No later than ten (10) days after delivery of the notice, each
holder of Preferred Stock may deliver an election to the Corporation notifying the Corporation
that the holder desires that such holder’s shares of Preferred Stock be treated, pursuant to Section
4.5, as if they had been converted into shares of Common Stock and, if no such election is
delivered to the Corporation, such holder shall receive such amounts as are provided for as
holders of Preferred Stock (unless otherwise converted into Common Stock pursuant to Sections
4,2 and 4.4 hereof) under this Section 2 in the event the Liquidation Transaction is
consummated. Such notice periods may be shortened or waived, either before or after the action

3
for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of 50% of the voting power
of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock entitled to such rights.

2.4 In the event the Corporation shall propose to take any action regarding the
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation which will involve the distribution of
assets other than cash, the value of the assets to be distributed to the holders of shares of the
Preferred Stock shall be determined in good faith by the consent or vote of the Board of
Directors, and such determination shall be binding upon the holders of the Preferred Stock and
Common Stock, except that any securities distributed shall be valued as follows:

(a) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate), unless otherwise agreed or approved in
writing by a majority in interest of the Preferred Stock:

{i) if traded on a national securities exchange, the value shall
be deemed to be the average of the security’s closing prices on such exchange over the thirty
(30) day period ending two (2) days prior to the closing; and

(ii) if actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the thirty (30) day period ending two (2)
days prior to the closing; and

(iii) if there is no active public market, the value shal! be the
fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the consent or vote of the Board of
Directors and such determination shall be binding upon the holders of the Preferred Stock and
Common Stock.

The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or other
restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount .
from the market value, determined as above to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof,
as determined in good faith by the consent or vote of the Board of Directors, and such
determination shall be binding upon the holders of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock.

2.5. Each holder of an outstanding share of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to
have consented, for purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code, to
distributions made by the Corporation in connection with the repurchase at cost of shares of
Common Stock issued to or held by officers, directors or employees of or consultants to, the
Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to
agreements (whether now existing or hereafter entered into) providing for the right of said
repurchase between the Corporation and such persons.

3. Voting Right

3.1 General Voting Rights. Except as expressly provided herein or as
otherwise required by law, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and
the holders of Common Stock shall have the same voting rights, shall vote together as a single

4
class on all matters, shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting and to vote upon any
matter submitted to the stockholders for a vote as follows: (a) the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock shall have one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock into which their share of Series A
Preferred Stock are convertible on the record date for the vote, (b) the holders of Series B
Preferred Stock shall have one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock into which their share
of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible on the record date for the vote, and (c) the holders of
Common Stock shall have one (1) vote per share of Common Stock. Fractional votes shall not,
however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after
aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock,
as applicable, held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole
number (with one-half being rounded upward).

3.2 Special Voting Rights for the Election of Directors. The Board of

Directors shall consist of five (5) members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each time the
stockholders of the Corporation meet, or act by written consent in lieu of a meeting, for the
purpose of electing directors, (i) so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, shall be entitled
to elect two (2) members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors, (ii) so long as any shares of
Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting
separately as a class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors, (iii) the holders of Common Stock, voting separately as a class, shall be entitled to
elect one (1) member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors, and (iv) the holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Common Stock, voting together as a single
class, shail be entitled to elect any remaining members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors.

3.3. Vacancy; Removal. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary
contained in the Corporation’s Bylaws, the stockholders entitled to elect a particular director
shall be entitled to remove such director or to fill a vacancy in the seat formerly held by such
director, all in accordance with the applicable provisions provided in the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware.

4. Conversion to Common Stock

The Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into Common Stock of the Corporation
as follows:

4.1 Definitions. For purposes of this Section 4 the following definitions shall
apply:

4.1.1 “Issuance Date” shall mean the first date on which the Corporation
issues any shares of Series B Preferred Stock.

4.1.2 “Series A Conversion Price” shall mean the price, determined
pursuant to this Section 4, at which shares of Common Stock shal] be deliverable upon
conversion of Series A Preferred Stock. “Series B Conversion Price” shall mean the price,
determined pursuant to this Section 4, at which shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable
upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock.
‘4.1.3 “Current Conversion Price” shall mean the Series A Conversion
Price or Series B Conversion Price immediately before the occurrence of any event, which,
pursuant to Section 4, causes an adjustment to the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B
Conversion Price, as applicable.

4.1.4 “Convertible Securities” shall mean any indebtedness or shares of
stock convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, including Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock.

4.1.5 “Options” shall mean any rights, warrants or options to subscribe
for or purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

4.1.6 “Common Stock Outstanding” shall mean the aggregate of all
Common Stock outstanding and all Common Stock issuable upon exercise of all outstanding

Options and conversion of all outstanding Convertible Securities.

4.1.7 “Common Stock Equivalents” shall mean Convertible Securities
and rights entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of
Common Stock without the payment of any consideration by such holder for such additional
shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.

42 Right to Convert; Initial Conversion Price. Each holder of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock may, at any time, convert any or all of such Series
A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shares into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock at the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion Price, as applicable,
then in effect.

Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into the number of shares of
Common Stock that results from dividing the Series A Conversion Price in effect at the time of
conversion for Series A Preferred Stock into the Series A Original Issue Price for each share of
Series A Preferred Stock being converted. The initial Series A Conversion Price shall be $1.00
per share of Common Stock.

Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible into the number of shares of
Common Stock that results from dividing the Series B Conversion Price in effect at the time of
‘conversion for Series B Preferred Stock into the Series B Original Issue Price for each share of
Series B Preferred Stock being converted. The initial Series B Conversion Price shall be $1.733
per share of Common Stock.

The Series A Conversion Price and the Series B Conversion Price shal] be subject to
adjustment from time to time in certain instances as hereinafter provided. No adjustments with
respect to conversion shall be made on account of any dividends that may be declared but unpaid
on the Series A Preferred Stock and/or the Series B Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion,
but no dividends shall thereafter be paid on the Common Stock unless such unpaid dividends
have first been paid to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and/or the Series B Preferred
Stock entitled to payment at the time of conversion of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and/or the Series B Preferred Stock.
Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into Common
Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, to the
office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such Preferred Stock and shall give written
notice to the Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such
holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, certificates for the
number of full shares of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled, together with cash in lieu
of any fraction of a share as hereinafter provided, and, if less than all of the shares of Preferred
Stock represented by such certificate are converted, a certificate representing the shares of
Preferred Stock not converted. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made as of the
date of such surrender of the certificate for the Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or
persons entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for
all purposes as the recordholder or holders of such Common Stock on such date. If the
conversion is in connection with an offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Act”), the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering
Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of the sale of securities pursuant
to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities. |

4.3 Adjustments to Conversion Price. Subject to subsection 4.3.10, the Series
A Conversion Price and the Series B Conversion Price in effect from time to time shall be
subject to adjustment in certain cases as follows:

4.3.1 Issuance of Securities. If the Corporation shall at any time after the
Issuance Date issue or sell (or shall have been deemed to have issued or sold pursuant to this
Section 4.3) any Common Stock, Options, Convertible Securities, or Common Stock Equivalents
(“Additional Shares of Common”) without consideration or for a consideration per share of
Common Stock or underlying Common Stock less than the Current Conversion Price for the
Series A Preferred Stock or the Series B Preferred Stock, then such Current Conversion Price for
the Series A Preferred or the Series B Preferred, as applicable, simultaneously with such issuance
or sale, shall be reduced to a price determined by multiplying such Series A Current Conversion
Price or Series B Conversion Price, by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock Outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the
number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the
Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common so issued would purchase at
such Current Conversion Price and (B) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock Outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued. Immediately after any Additional Shares of
Common are deemed issued pursuant to this Section 4, such Additional Shares of Common shall
be deemed to be outstanding; provided, however, that the Series A Conversion Price shall at no
time exceed the Series A Original Issue Price and the Series B Conversion Price shall at no time
exceed the Series B Original Issue Price (except as adjusted for reverse stock splits,
combinations and similar events).

For purposes of this subsection 4.3, the following provisions shal} also be applicable:
4.3.1.1 Cash Consideration. In case of the issuance or sale of
additional Common Stock for cash, the consideration received by the Corporation therefor shall
be deemed to be the amount of cash received by the Corporation for such shares (or, if such
shares are offered by the Corporation for subscription, the subscription price, or, if such shares
are sold to underwriters or dealers for public offering without a subscription offering, the initial
public offering price), without deducting therefrom any reasonable compensation or discount
paid or allowed to underwriters or dealers or others performing similar services or for any
reasonable expenses incurred in connection therewith.

4.3.1.2 Non-Cash Consideration. In case of the issuance
(otherwise than upon conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities) or sale of additional
Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities for consideration other than cash or for
consideration a part of which shall be other than cash, the fair value of such consideration as
determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation in the good faith exercise of its business
judgment, irrespective of the accounting treatment thereof, shall be deemed to be the value, for
purposes of this Section 4, of the consideration other than cash received by the Corporation for
such securities.

4.3.1.3 Options and Convertible Securities. In case the
Corporation shall in any manner issue, grant or sell any Options or any Convertible Securities,
the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such
Options or upon conversion or exchange of the total maximum amount of such Convertible
Securities, assuming in all cases, the satisfaction of any conditions to convertibility,
exchangeability or exercisability, including without limitation, the passage of time, but without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments, effective as of the date of issue or grant of
such Options or, in the case of the issue or sale of Convertible Securities other than where the
same are issuable upon the exercise of Options, as of the date of such issue or sale be deemed to
be issued and to be outstanding for the purpose of this subsection 4.3.1 and to have been issued
for the sum of the amount (if any) paid for such Options or Convertible Securities plus the
minimum additional consideration (if any) payable upon the exercise of such Options or upon
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities (assuming, in all cases, the satisfaction of
any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including without limitation,
the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments); provided,
however, that, subject to the provisions of subsection 4.3.2, no further adjustment of the Current
Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of any such Common Stock or
Convertible Securities or upon the conversion or exchange of any such Convertible Securities.

4.3.2 Change in Option Price or Conversion Rate. In the event that the
number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise of
Options or Convertible Securities, or in the event that the purchase price provided for in any
Option referred to in subsection 4.3.1.3, the additional consideration (if any) payable upon the
conversion or exchange of any Convertible Securities referred to in subsection 4.3.1.3, or the rate
at which any Convertible Securities referred to in subsection 4.3.1.3 are convertible into or
exchangeable for shares of Common Stock shall change at any time (including, in all cases and
without limitation, any change resulting from the provisions designed to protect against dilution
thereof), the Current Conversion Price in effect at the time of such event shall forthwith be
readjusted to the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion Price, as applicable, that

8
would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities still
outstanding provided for such changed number of deliverable shares, purchase price, additional
consideration or conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time same were initially granted,
issued or sold, but no further adjustment shal! be made for the actual issuance any such Common
Stock or Convertible Securities or upon the conversion or exchange of any such Convertible
Securities.

4.3.3 Termination of Option or Conversion Rights. In the event of the

termination or expiration of any right to purchase Common Stock under any Option or of any
right to convert or exchange Convertible Securities, the Current Conversion Price shall, upon
such termination, be changed to the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion Price,
as applicable, that would have been in effect at the time of such expiration or termination had
such Option or Convertible Security, to the extent outstanding immediately prior to such
expiration or termination, only been issued in amounts necessary to allow for the number of
shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of such
Option or Convertible Securities, and the shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder shall no
longer be deemed to be Common Stock Outstanding.

4.3.4 Stock Splits, Dividends, Distributions, and Combinations. In the
event the Corporation should at any time or from time to time after the Issuance Date fix a record .

date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or
the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution
payable in additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, then, following
such record date (or the date of such dividend, distribution, split or subdivision if no record date -
is fixed), the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion Price, as applicable, shall be
appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion
of each share of Series A Preferred or the Series B Preferred, as applicable, shall be increased in
proportion to such increase in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (including for
this purpose, Common Stock Equivalents) determined in accordance with subsection 4.3.6. If the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after the Issuance Date is decreased
by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of
such combination, the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion Price, as applicable,
shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of Series A Preferred or the Series B Preferred shall be decreased in
proportion to such decrease in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock.

4.3.5 Other Dividends. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidence of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in subsection 4.3.1.3, then, in each such case for the purpose of this subsection 4.3.4, the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as
though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into
which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the
determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.
4.3.6 Recapitalizations. If at any time of from time to time there shall be
a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination, distribution or
dividend provided for elsewhere in this Section 4), provision shall be made so that the holders of
Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or
otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon such conversion would have
been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in
the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of
Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 4
(including adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price and the Series B Conversion Price then
in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred
or Series B Preferred, as applicable) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as
may be practicable.

4.3.7 Successive Changes. The above provisions of this Section 4 shall
similarly apply to successive issuances, sales, dividends or other distributions, subdivisions and
combinations on or of the Common Stock after the Issuance Date.

4.3.8 Other Events Altering Conversion Price. Upon the occurrence of
any event not specifically described in this Section 4 as reducing the Series A Conversion Price
or the Series B Conversion Price that, in the reasonable exercise of the business judgment of the
Board of Directors of the Corporation reached in good faith, requires, on equitable principles, the
reduction of the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion Price, the Series A
Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion Price, as applicable, will be so equitably reduced.

4.3.9 No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of this
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action (except in accordance with applicable law and Section 5 hereof),
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or
performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying
out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against
impairment.

4.3.10 Excluded Events, Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4 to the
contrary, the Series A Conversion Price and the Series B Conversion Price shall not be adjusted
by virtue of (i) the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Preferred
Stock, (ii) the issuance and sale of, or the grant of options or restricted stock, directly or pursuant
to a stock option plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Corporation’s Board of Directors,
to employees, consultants, directors or officers of the Corporation in connection with the
provision of services to the Corporation by such persons, as approved by the Corporatton’s
Board of Directors, including a majority of directors elected by the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, (iii) the issuance of securities in connection with
the exercise or conversion of the exercisable or convertible securities that are outstanding as of
the date hereof, (iv) the issuance of securities in connection with equipment financing, leasing
arrangements, credit agreements, debt financing or other commercial credit transactions, as

10
approved by the Corporation’s Board of Directors, including a majority of directors elected by
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, (v) the issuance of
shares by the Corporation in connection with any stock split, stock dividend or similar
transaction, as described in Section 4.3.4 hereof, (vi) issuance of shares of Common Stock (or
rights to purchase Common Stock issued for consideration other than cash) pursuant to a merger,
consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination, as approved by the Corporation’s
Board of Directors, including at least one director elected by the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock and the director elected by the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, (vii)
issuances which are approved by a majority of the Board of Directors, as not being subject to
antidilution provisions, and (viii) the issuance of shares in connection with bona fide, firmly
underwritten public offering under the Act before which or in connection with which all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock will be automatically converted to Common Stock.

4.3.11 No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shal] be issued upon
conversion of shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall deliver cash to any holder of
Preferred Stock in lieu of any fraction of a share, based on the fair market value of the shares of
Common Stock, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, as of the time when those
who would otherwise be entitled to receive such fractional shares is determined. The number of
shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of
shares of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

4.3.12 Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion Price
pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its expense upon request by any holder of Series A
Preferred or the Series B Preferred, shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance.
with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock or
Series B Preferred Stock, as applicable, a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detat] the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based, The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred
Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (a) such
adjustment and readjustment, (b) the Current Conversion Price and (c) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received
upon the conversion of a share of Preferred Stock.

4.4 Automatic Conversion. Immediately upon (i) the closing of a firmly
underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Act, which results in
aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than Twenty Million Dollars
($20,000,000) prior to underwriting commissions and expenses (a “Qualified Offering”), or
(ii) the election of holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, each share of Preferred
Stock shall automatically be converted into Common Stock at the Current Conversion Price for
such Series of Preferred Stock. On and after said conversion date, notwithstanding that any
certificates for the shares of Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered for conversion, the
shares of Preferred Stock evidenced thereby shall be deemed to be no longer outstanding, and all
rights with respect thereto shall forthwith cease and terminate, except only the rights of the
holder (a) to receive the shares of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled upon conversion

1]
thereof, (b) to receive the amount of cash payable in respect of any fractional share of Common
Stock to which he shall be entitled, and (c) with respect to dividends declared but unpaid on
Preferred Stock prior to such conversion date. In the event that any holder of Preferred Stock
presents such holder’s certificate therefor for surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent
upon such conversion, a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the
shares of Preferred Stock surrendered were convertible on such conversion date will be promptly
issued and delivered to such holder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the conversion is in
connection with a Qualified Offering, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering
such Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of
the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive
Common Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted
such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

4.5 Merger: Sale of Corporation. After the Issuance Date, in the event of any
proposed Liquidation Transaction, any holder of Preferred Stock may, upon delivery of such
shares and election pursuant to Section 2 above, have each share of Preferred Stock held by such
holder treated for all purposes as if it had been converted into Common Stock on the earlier of
(a) the record date, if any, for voting by holders of Common Stock on such event, and (b) the
date of such event.

4.6 Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Corporation ofa
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any
right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other
securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail to each holder of
Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date
on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right,
and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

4.7 Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at
all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of such Series of Preferred Stock.

4.8 Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to be
given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given upon personal delivery
or, if to a holder in the United States, five (5) days after deposit, and if to a holder outside the
United States, ten (10) days after deposit, in the United States mail, by first class, registered or
certified mail {in each case, prepaid), addressed to a party at its address as shown on the stock
records of the Corporation.

4.9 — Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall
be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and shall
not be issuable by the Corporation. This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the
Corporation’s authonized capital stock.

12
5. Protective Provisions.

5.1 Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the
approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of more than 50% of the
then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as separate class:

(a) alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or limitations of
the Preferred Stock;

(b) purchase, redeem or acquire any shares of the Corporation’s stock
(other than shares of Common Stock issued to or held by officers, directors or employees of, or
consultants to, the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or
services pursuant to agreements, whether now existing or hereafter entered into, providing for
the right of said repurchase at cost between the Corporation and such Persons; or

(c) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Preferred
Stock;

(d) _ create (by reclassification or otherwise) or issue or obligate itself to
issue, any new class or Series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity securities of
the Corporation having a preference over or being on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock
with respect to voting, dividends, conversion or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up;

(e) __ sell, convey, license or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
of the property or assets of the Corporation or merge into or consolidate with any other
corporation (other than a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation or to change the
Corporation’s state of incorporation), including any Deemed Liquidation Transaction, or effect
any transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the
voting power of the Corporation is disposed of;

(f) amend, repeal or waive any provision of the Corporation’s
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws;

(g) increase or decrease the number of directors of the Corporation,
unless such change is approved by not less than 75% of the directors on the Corporation’s Board
of Directors;

(h) __ pay or declare any dividend on any security junior to the Series A
Preferred Stock;

(i) effect a Liquidation Transaction;

Gj) create a new plan or arrangement for the grant of stock options or
the issuance of restricted stock or stock equivalents by the Corporation or increase the number of
shares available under such a plan or arrangement, other than a plan, arrangement, issuance or
increase approved by the Board of Directors;

13
(k) enter into a transaction or agreement between the Corporation and
any stockholder, officer, director of the Corporation or any affiliate thereof, except in connection
with: (a) ordinary course employment matters, provided that the disinterested directors determine
that the terms are fair to the Corporation, (b) transactions or agreements contemplated by that
certain Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement regarding the sale of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, or (c) a transaction approved by the majority of disinterested directors;

() authorize a payment in excess of $1 million in cash or securities of
the Corporation or borrowings in excess of $1 million or create a joint venture or partnership, in
each case unless approved by a majority of the Board of Directors;

({m) increase the size of the Board of Directors; or

(n) _—_— approve an agreement or commitment to take any of the foregoing
actions.

5.2 Series A Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not, without first
obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of more
than 50% of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as separate class:

(a) _ alter or change (whether by merger, consolidation, amendment or
waiver of any provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or
otherwise) the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to
affect them adversely (where such action shal] not similarly affect the entire class of Preferred
Stock); or

(b) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock.

5.3. Series B Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not, without first
obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of more
than 50% of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as separate class:

(a) alter or change (whether by merger, consolidation, amendment or
waiver of any provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or
otherwise) the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series B Preferred Stock so as to
affect them adversely (where such action shall not similarly affect the entire class of Preferred
Stock); or

(b) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock.

6. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

7. Common Stock.

7.1 Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common

14
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

7.2 Liquidation Rights. Upon occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction , the
assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article IV(D).

73 Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

7.4 Noting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shal] be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shail be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law. The number of authorized shares of Common
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then
outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation
representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL.

Vv

A. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter
be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation, or its
stockholders, for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

B. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
Director, officer, or employee of the Corporation, or any predecessor of the Corporation, or
serves or served at any other enterprise as a Director, officer, or employee at the request of the
- Corporation, or any predecessor to the Corporation.

C. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability or indemnification.

Vi

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation
and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation, of its
directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided
that:

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation
shall be vested in its Board of Directors. The number of directors which shal] constitute the
whole Board of Directors shall be determined in accordance with the procedures specified in the
Bylaws, subject to the provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

15
B. The Board of Directors may from time to time make, amend, supplement or
repeal the Bylaws; provided, however, that the stockholders may change or repeal any Bylaw
adopted by the Board of Directors by the affirmative vote of the percentage of holders of capital
stock as provided therein; and, provided further, that no amendment or supplement to the Bylaws
adopted by the Board of Directors shall vary or conflict with any amendment or supplement thus
adopted by the stockholders.

Cc. The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

D. The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted
subject to this reservation.

FRE

3. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly approved
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

4, This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the DGCL by the Board of
Directors and the stockholders of the Corporation. A majority of the outstanding shares of the
Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock approved this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation by written consent in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Anchor Bay Technologies, Inc. has caused this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by the President and Secretary in Campbel},
California as of January 18 _, 2007.

By

Cheng Hwee Chee, Secretary
B. The Board of Directors may from time to time make, amend, supplement or
repeal the Bylaws; provided, however, that the stockholders may change or repeal any Bylaw
adopted by the Board of Directors by the affirmative vote of the percentage of holders of capital
stock as provided therein; and, provided further, that no amendment or supplement to the Bylaws
adopted by the Board of Directors shall vary or conflict with any amendment or supplement thus
adopted by the stockholders,

C. The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

D. The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted
subject to this reservation.

HOKE

3. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly approved
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

4, This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the DGCL by the Board of
Directors and the stockholders of the Corporation. A majority of the outstanding shares of the
Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock approved this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation by written consent in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Anchor Bay Technologies, Inc. has caused this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by the President and Secretary in Campbell,
California as of January | ¥, 2007.

ANCHOR BAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By

Craig Soderquist, President

16
