AO0647825
ZLS 5S % FILED Ad)

' the office of the Secretary of Sta
of the State of California
THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION YUL £ CGE
OF

ANCHOR SEMICONDUCTOR, INC.

Chenmin Hu hereby certifies that:

1. He is tiie duly elected Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary of Anchor

Semiconductor, Inc., a California corporation (the “Corporation’’).

2. The Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of this Corporation, as
amended to the date of filing of these Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, and
with the omissions required by Section 910 of the Corporations Code, are hereby amended and

restated to read as follows:

I.
The name of this corporation is Anchor Semiconductor, Inc. (the “Corporation”).
Il.

The nurpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

I.
Intentionally cinitied.
IV.

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated respectively
Common Stock and Preferred Stock. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the
Corporation has authority to issue is Forty Five Million Three Hundred Sixty Thousand
(45,360,000), consisting of Twenty Nine Million, Five Hundred Thousand (29,500,000) shares of
Common Stock at ao par value (the “Common Stock”), and Fifteen Million Eight Hundred Sixty
Thousand (15,860,000) shares of Preferred Stock at no par valte (the “Preferred Stock’) Of the
shares of Preferred Stock, Two Million Three Hundred Sixty Thouszad (2 ,560,00U) shares shall be
designated Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock”), Six Million (6,000,000) shares
shall be designated Series B Preferred Stock \ihe ‘Series B Preferred Strck’’), and Seven Million,
Five Hundred Thousand (7,500,000) shares shall be designated Series C Preferred Stock (the

“Series C Preferred Stock”).

The Corporation shall from time to time in accordance with the laws of the State of
California increase the authorized amount of its Common Stock if at any time the number of shares
of Common Stock remaining unissued and available for issuance shall not be sufficient to permit
conversion of the Preferred Stock.

The relative rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upcn the
respective classes of the shares of capital stock or the holders thereof are as set forth below.

Section 1. Dividend Rights of Preferred Stock. The holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any
distribution of dividends to the holders of Series A Preferred S‘ »<k or Common Stock, when and as
declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available therefor, dividends at the rate of (i)
Eight Cents ($0.08) per annum per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, stock splits,
recapitalizations, combinations, consolidations or the like), 9n each outstanding share of Series C
Preferred Stock, (ii) Four Cents ($0.04) per annum per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
stock splits, recapitalizations, combinations, ccnsolidations or the like), on each outstanding share of
Series B Preferred Stock. After the payment of such dividends to the holders of Series C Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of dividends to the holders of the Common Stock,
when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available werefor, dividends at
the rate of Two Cents ($0.02) per annum per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, stock splits,
recapitalizations, combinations, consolidations or the like), on each outstanding share of Series A
Preferred Stock. No dividends or other distributions shall be made with respect to the Common
Stock, or any series of Preferred Stock other than dividends payable solely in Commun Stock, uniess
at the same time an equivalent dividend with respect to all other series of Preferred Stock has been
paid or set apart. After payment of such dividends to the holders of Preferred Stock, any a¢citional
dividends declared sha!] be distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of
Common Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock which would be held by
each such holder is all shares of Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock at the then
effective Conversion Price (as defined in Section 4 below). Such dividends shs!] not be cumulative
and no right to such dividends sha!l accrue to hoiders of Preferred Stuck unless declared by the
Board of Directozs.

As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the Califomia Corporations Code, the provisions of
Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code shall not apply with respect to
repurchases by the Corporation of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by empioyees, officers,
directors + consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment
or sérvices pursuant to a stock option plan, restricted stock plan or other agreement approved by the
Board of Directors that provides for a right of repurchase at cost.

3474529_3.DOC -2-
Section 2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) In the event of any Liquidation Event, cither voluntary or involuntary,
distributions to the shareholders of the Corporation shall be inade in the following manner:

(i) | The holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, cn a pari passu basis and prior and in
preference to any distribution of any assets or property of the Corporation tc the holders of the
Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the aniount of One Dollar ($1.00), Fifty Cents
($0.50) and Twenty-five Cents ($0.25) per share, respectively, for each share of Series C Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, as the case may be, then held by them.
adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications and the like with respect to such
shares and, in addition, an amonnt equal to all declared but unpaid dividends, if any, on the Series C
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, respectively. If the assets
and property thus distributed among the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and Series A Preferred Stock shall be inswfficient to permit the payment to such holders of the
full preferential amount, then the entire assets and property of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Serics A Preferred Stock ir proportion to the number of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder. The
One Dollar ($1.00) per share iv be paid to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be referred to
herein as the “Original Series C Purchase Price”, the Fifty Cents ($0.50) per share to be paid to the
holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be referred to herein as the “Or inal Series B Purchase
Price” and the Twenty-five Cents ($0.25) per share to be paid to the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be referred to herein as the “Original Series A Purchase Price.”

(ii) | After the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and Series A Preferred Stock have received the Original Series C Purchase Price, Or'ginal
Series B Purchase Price and the Original Series A Purchase Price as set forth in Section 2(a}{i),
respectively, th: remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to the shareholders
shal! Xe distributed ratably on an as converted to Common Stock basis to the holders of Series C
Preferred Stock, Seties B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock. Each
holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall stop participating in any amounts distribi'ted oursuant to this
Section 2(a\(ii) when such holder has receivcd an amount per share of Series C Preferred Stock
equal to Threc ‘3) times the Original Series C Purchase Price, inclusive of amounts received
pursuant to Section 2(a{i) hereof. Each holder of Series B Preferred Stock shall stop participating
in any amounts distributed pursuant to this Section 2(a)ii) when such holder has received an amount
per share of Series B Preferred Stock equal to Three (3) times the Original Series B Purchase Price,
inclusive of amounts received pursuant to Section 2(a){i) kereof. Each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock shali stop participating in any amounts distribuied pursuant to this Section 2{a){ii) when such
holder has received an amount per share of Series A Preferred Stock equal to Three (3) times the
Original! Series ;s Puichase Price, inclusive of amounts received pursuant to Section 2(a\i) hereof.
If the assets and property thus distributed among the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock are insufficient to pay the
full preferential amount, then the assets and property of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably on an as converted to Common Stock basis among the

3474529_3.D0U -3-
holders of Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and
Common Stock.

(ili) | After payment has been made to the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock of the full amounts to which they shall
be entitled as set forth in Sections 2(a)(i) and (ii}, the remaining assets of the Cornoration available
for distribution to the shareholders shall ne distributed ratably among the holders of Common Stock
based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may, at any time, out cf funds
legally available therefor, repurchase shares of Common. Stock issued to or heid by employees,
directors or consuitants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment
or services, pursuant to a stock option plan, restricted stock plan or other agreement approved by the
Board of Directors that provides for a right of repurchase at cost.

(c) For purposes of this Section 2, a “Liquidation Event” shall include any
transaction (treating any series of reiated transactions as a “transaction”) involving: (i) sale or
conveyance by the Corporation of all or substantially all of its assets (including the sale or exclusive
licensing of all or substantially ail of the inteilectual property assets of the Corporation, other than in
the ordinary course of business); (ii) any dissolution, liquidation, winding up, bankruptcy
reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, (iii) any merger cr acquisition of the Corporation,
other than for the sole purpose of changing the corporate domicile or (iv) a Transfer ~f Control of the
Corporation. A “Transfer of Control!” is a transaction whereby as a result thereof persons other than
the shareholders of the Corporation tmmediately prior to the transaction own or control Fifty Percent
(£0%) : more of the voting power (on an as converted basis) of the surviving entity immediately
after the transaction.

Section 3. Redemption. The shares of Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

Section 4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock, as is determined (i) in the case .f the Series A Preferred
Stock by dividing Twenty-five Cents ($0.25) by the Series A Conversion Price, determined as
hereinafte: provided, in effect at the time of conversion, (ii) in the case of the Sezies B Preferred
Stock by dividing Fifty Cents ($0.50) by the Series B Conversion Price, determined as hereina.ter
provided, in effect at the time cf cxaversion and (iii) in the case of the Series C Preferred Stock by
dividing One Doliar ($1.00) by the Series C Conversion Price, determined as hereinafter provided, in
effect at the time of con’ersion. The price at which shares of Ccmmon Stock shail be deliverable
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Ssiies A Conversicn Price”) shali initially be
Twenty-five Cents ($0.25) per share. The price at which shares of Common Stock shall be
deliverable upon conversion of the Serics B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Conversion Price”) shall
initially be Fifty Cents ($U.50) per share. The price at which shares of Common Stock shall be
deliverable upon conversion cf the Senzs C Preferred Stock (the “Series C Conversion Price”) shall

3474529. 3.DOC -4-
initially be One Dollar ($1.00) per share. The Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price
and the Series C Conversion Price are referred to collectively as the “Conversion Price.” The initial
Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock skal! automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price upon (i) the closing
of a tirm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), covering the offer and sale of Common
Stock for the account of the Corporation to the public at an aggregate offering price of not less than
Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) and a per share price to the public of not less than Two
Dollars Fifty Cents ($2.56), or (ii) the date specified by written agreements of at least Sixty Six and
Two Thirds (66 2/3%) percent of the Preferred Stock then outstanding. In the event of the automatic
conversion of the Preferred Stock upon a public offering as aforesaid, the person(s) entitled to
receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to
have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the hoider
vould otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the
then effective fair value of Common Stock. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, he shall surrender the certificate or certificates
therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred
Stock, and shall give written notice tc the Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the
same. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, ‘ssue and deliver at such office to
such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common
Stock to which he shall be entitled as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of
any cash amounts pe¥ -ble as the result of a conversion into fractiona! shares of Common Stock.
Except as set forth in Section 4(a above, such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred
Stock io be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion shall he treated for ali purposes as the record holder or holders cf
such shares of Common Siock on such date. If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten
offer of securities registered pursuant to the Act, the conversion may, at the option of arv holder
tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwnter of
the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which everst the person(s) e:¢itled to receive the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock sha!! not be deemed to have
converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Adjustments t.. Conversion Price.

(i) Adjustments for Sub« ‘visions, Combinations or Consolidation of
Common Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall te subdivided (by stock

split or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in
effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be provortionately decreased.
In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price

3474529_3.DOC -5-
then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination or consolidation, be
proportionately increased.

(ii) Adjustments for Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation at
any time or from time to time makes, or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of
Commion Stock entitled to receive any distribution payable in securities of the Corporation, then and
in each such event provision shall be made so that the holders of Preferred Stock shall receive upon
conversion thereof, in addition to the number of shares of Common Stock receivable thereupon, the
amount of securities of the Corporation which they would have reccived had their Preferred Stock
been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafter, during the
period irom the date of such event to and including the date of conversion, retained such securities
receivable by them as aforesaid during such period. subject to all other adjustments calied for during
such period under this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock.

(iii) | Adjustments for Reorganization Reclassification, Exchange and
Substitution. If the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be

changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock ci other
securities or property, whether by reorganization (unless such reorganization is dcemed a
Liquidation Event under Section 2(b) hereof), reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision
or compination of shares provided for above), the Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted such
that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock
which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of such other
class or classes of stock or other securities or property equivalent to the number of shares of
Common Stock that would have been subject tc receipt by the holders upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock immediately before such event; and, in any such case, appropriate adjustment shall
be made in the application of the provisions herein set forth with respect to the rights and interest
thereafter of the holders of the Preferred Stock, to the end that the provisions set forth herein
(including provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the Conversion Price) shall
thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to any shares of stock or other
property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

(e) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i)  Spectal Definitions. For purposes of this Section 4, the following
definitions shall apply.

(1)  “Qptions” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(2) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which the first
share of Series C Preferred was first issued.

(3) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of

indebtedness, shares or other securities corvertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, but
shall not include the Preferred Stock.

3476529 3.D0C -6-
(4) “Additional Shares of Common Stock”’ shall mean all shares of
Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 4(e)(iv), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation
after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable at any time:

(A) upon conversion of any series of Preferred Stock;

(B) up to Eight Million Five Hundred Thousand
(8,500,000) shares of Common Stock tc officers, directors and employees of, and consultants to, the
Corporation to be designated and approved by the Board of Directcrs pursuant to the Corporation’s
200.; Stock Option Plan (provided that any shares repurchased by the Corporation from employees,
directors and consultants at cost pursuant to the terms of stock repurchase agreements approved by
the Board ot Directors shall not, unless reissued, be counted as issued for purposes of this
calculation);

(C) asadividend or distribution on any series of Prefer 4
Stock or any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to Section 4(e)(v) hereof;

(D) _ by way of dividend or other distribution on shares of
Common Stock excluded from the definition of Additional Shares of Common Stock by the
foregoing clauses (A), (8), (C), or this clause (D) or on shares 9f Common Stock so excluded.

(ii) | Separate Calculation for Each Series. The provisions of this
Section 4(e) shall be applied separately to each series of Preferred Stock.

(iii) | No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion
Price of a particular share of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional
Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per share for an Additional Share of Common
Stock issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the Conversion Price in effect on
the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, for such share of Preferred Stock.

(iv) Deemed Issye of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(1) Options and Convertible Securities. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 4(e)(i), in the event the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the
Original Issue Date shal! issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a reccrd date for the
determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or
Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating
thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such options or, in the case of Convertible
Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be
deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case
such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of busine.s on such record date, provided
that Additional Shares of Common Stock shall not be deemed to have been issued unless the
consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section 4(¢)(vi) hereof) of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock weuld be less than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately
prior to such issue, or such record date, as the case may be, and provided further that in any such
case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issued:

3474529_3.DO0C -7-
(A) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price shali be
made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Cormmon Stock upon the
exercise of such Oy tions or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities;

(B) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration payable to the
Corporation, or decrease in the numbe: of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon the exercise,
conversion or exchange thereof, the Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or
upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any sui-cequent adjustments based
thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recompuied o reflect. such
increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under
such Coavertible Securities;

(C) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the
Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date
with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon such expiration, be
recomputed as if:

i) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options
for Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were
shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such
Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities and the
consideration received therefor was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus
the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise, or
for the issue of all such Convertible Securities which were actually conveiied
or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually received by
the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and

ii) in the case of Ortions for Convertible
Securities, only the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the
exercise thereof were issued at the time of issue of such Options, and the
consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of
Common Stock deemed.to have been then issued was the consideration
actually received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether
or not exercised, plus the consideration deemed to have been received by the
Corporation upon the issue of the Convertible Securities with respect to which
such Options were actually exercised;

(D) no readjustment pursuant to clause (B) or (C) above
shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of
(i) the Conversion Price on the original adjustment date, or (ii) the Conversion Price that would have
resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the original adjustment
date and such readjustment date; and

3474529_3.D0C _ =8-
(E) in the case of any Options which expire by their terms
not more than Thirty (30) days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustment of the Conversion Price
shall be made until! the expiration or exercise of all such Options, except that such adjustment shall
be made if shares of the Preferred are converted during such period.

(v) Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Additional Shares of
Common Stock. In the event this Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock
(including Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 4(e)(iv))
without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Conversion Price in effect on the
date of and immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, such Conversion Price shall be
reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by
multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares of
Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by ine Corporation for the total number
of Additional Shares of Common Stock sc issued would purchase at such Conversion Price; and the
denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued; and
provided further that, for the purposes of this Sectio:: 4(e)(v), all shares of Common Stock, all shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock and all
Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to Section 4(e)(i)(4) hereof also shall
be deemed to be outstanding.

(vi) Dctermination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 4(e), the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any A iditional Shares of Common Stock
shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(A) _ insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or accrued dividends;

(B) _ insofai as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the Board
of Directors; and

(C) inthe event Additional Shares of Common Stock are
issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration
which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (A) and (B) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options 2nd Convertible Securities. ‘The consideration per
share received by the Corporation for Additional! Shares of Common Stovk deemed to have been
issued pursuant to Section 4(e){iv)(1), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be
determined by dividing

(A) the totai amount, if any, received or receivable by the
Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the

3474529_3.D0C -9-
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating
thereto, without regard to atiy provision contained therein for the subsequent adjustment of such
consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securi:ics, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities by

(KB) the maxinium number of shares of Common Stock (as
set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a
subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities
and the cor. version or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(f) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment 2f its Articles of
Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merzer, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid th.. observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will
at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of ali the provisions of this Section 4 and in the
taking of all such aciion as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion
Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against im airment.

(g) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in acvordarice with the terms hereof and furnish
to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate executed by the Corporation’s President or Chief
Financial Officer setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at
any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth (1) such adjustmerts and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time
in effect, and (iii) the number of shares cf Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property
which at the time would be received upon the conversion of Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event that this Corporation shall propose at
any time:

(i) to declare any dividena or distribution upon its Common Stock shares,
whether in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and
whether or not out of earnings or earned surplus;

(ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or series of
its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights;

(iii) to effect any reclassification o. recapitalization of its Common Stock
shares outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock shares: or

(iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other Corporation, or sell,
lease or convey all or substantially all its assets, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up;

3574529 3.D0C -10-
then, in connection with cach such event, this Corporation shall send to the holders of the Preferred
Stock shares:

. (1) atleast Twenty (20) days’ prior written notice of the date on
which a record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution cr subscription rights (and specifying
the date on which the holders of Common Stock shares shall be entitled thereto) or for determining
rights to vote in respect of the matters referred to in (ili) and (iv) above; and

(2) — inthe case of the matters referred io in (ii) and (iv) above, at
least Twenty (20) days’ prior written notice of the date when the same shali take place (and
specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shares shall be entitled to exchange their
Common Stock shares for securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such
event).

Each such written notice shall be delivered personally or given by first class mail, postage
prepaid, addressed to the holders of Preferred Stock shares at the address for each such holder as
shown on the books of this Corporation.

Section 5. Voting Rights.

(a) Vote Other Than fo; Directors. Except as otherwise required by law or as
expresslv provided herein, each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding shall have One (1)
vote, and each sh-re of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding shall have the number of votes equal
to the number of Common Stock shares into which the Preferred Stock is convertible as adjusted
from time of time pursuant to Section 4 hereof and shall have voting rights and powers equal to the
voting rights and powers of the Common Stock, voting together with the Common Stock as a single
class.

(ob) Vote for Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of Six (6) members.
The holders of Common Stock voting as aSeparate class shall be entitled to elect One (1) director.
The holders of Series A Preferred Stock voting as a separate class shall be entitled to elect One (1)
director. The holders of Series B Preferred Stack voting as a separate class shall be entitled ta elect
One (1) director. The holders of Series C Preferred Stock voting as a separate class shall be entitled
to elect Two (2) directors. The holders of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock voting together as a single class shall be entitled to
elect the remaining One (1) director. Any vacancy occurring because of the death, resignation or
removal of the director elected by the Common Stock voting as a separate class may be filled by the
vote of a majority of the Common Stock of by the action by written consent of a majority of the
Common Stock, other than to fill a vacancy crested by removal in which case such election by
written consent shall require the unanimoys approval of all shares entitled to vote for election of
directors. Any vacancy arising because ofthe death, resignation or removal of the director elected
by the Series A Preferred Stock voting as s separate class may be filled by the vote of a majoiity of
the Series A Preferred Stock ur by the action by written consent of a majority of the Series A
Preferred Stock, other than to fill a vacgncy created by removal in which case such election by
written consent shall require the unanimous approval of all shares entitled to vote for election of
directors. Any vacancy arising because of the death, resignation or removal of the director elected
by the Series B Preferred Stock voting a8 a separate class may be filled by the vote of a majority of

3474529_3,.D0C -}}-
the Series B Preferred Stock or by the written consent of a majority of the Series B Preferred Stock,
Ccner than to fill a vacancy created by removal in which case such election by written consent shall
require the unanimous approval of all shares entitled to vote for election of directors. Any vacancy
arising because of the death, resignation or removal of the director elected by the Series C Preferred
Stock voting as a separat@ class may be filled by the vote of a majority of the Series C Preferred
Stock or by the written ce :sent of a majority of the Series C Preferred Stock, other than to filla
vacancy created by removal in which case such election by written consent shall require the
unanimous approval of all shares entitled to vote for election of directors. Any vacancy occurring
becouse of the death, resignation or removal of the director elected by the holders of Common Stock,
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock voting together as a
single class may be filled by the vote of the holders of a majority of the Common Stock, the Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, by the affirmative vote of
the majority of the remaining directors, or by action by written consent of the holders of a majority
of Common Stock, Series .’. Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock,
other than to fill a vacancy v: 2ated by removal in which case such election by written consent shall
require the unanimous approval of all shares entitled to vote for election of directors. A director may
be removed from the Board of Directors with or without cause by the vote or consent of the hoiders
of the outstanding class or series with voting power entitled to elect him in accordance with the
Califomia General Corporation Law.

Section 6. Protective Provisions.

(a) In addition to any other rights provided by law, so long as any Preferred Stock
shall be outstanding, this Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written
consent of the holders of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of such outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
voting together as a separate class:

(i) | amend or repeal any provision of, or aud any provision to, this
Corporation’s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws if such action would adversely alter or change the
preferences, rights, privileges or powers of, or the restrictions provided for the benefit of, any
Preferred Stock;

(ii) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of any class 01
series of the Corporation’s Common Stock or Preferred Stock;

(iii) authorize, designate, reclassify, amend or issue, or obligate the
Corporation to do any of the foregoing with respect to, any class or series of equity security,
including any security exercisable for or convertible into any equity security, which is or will be

senior to or on parity with the Preferred Stock with respect to any rights, preferences, privileges or
restrictions;

(iv) reclassify any shares of Common Stock and any other shares of this
Corporation other than the shares of Preferred Stock into shaves having any preference or priority as

to dividends or assets superior to or on a parity with any such preference or priority cf the Preferred
Stock;

3474529_3.DOC -12-
(v) amend o1 waive any provisions of this Corporation’s Articles of
Incarporation or Bylaws relative to the Preferred Stock;

(vi) enter into, permit or agree to any transaction or series of transactions,
which would involve a Liquidation Event as defined in section 2(b) hereof;

(vii) redeem, repurchase or acquire, directly or indirectly, any Corporation
stock other than Common Stock issued tc or held by officers, directors, employees or consultants
providing services to the Curporation at the original purchase price per share upon ‘ne termination of
suci officers’, directors’, -mployees’ or consultants’ status as service providers of the Corporation
pursuant to the Corporation’s original purchase agreement with such persons;

(viii) increase or decrease the authorized size of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors; or

(ix) declare or take any action resulting in payment of dividends or
distributions with respect to the Corporation’s capital stock, other than the Preferred Stock and other
than dividends payable solely in Common Stock, unless the holders of the Preferred Stock also
receive such dividend or distribution;

(x) amend Section 5(b) hereof;

(xi) increase or decrease the number of shares of Common Stock (or
options therefor) authorized to be issued to officers, directors and employees of, or consuitants to the
Corporation pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted stock plan or other agreements approved by
the Board of Directors;

(xii) | make any loans or advances to officers, directors, employees or
consultants of the Corporation except (A) in the ordinary course of business in connection with
compensation or expenscs or (B) under full-recourse secured promissory notes for the purchase of
the Corporation’s stock on terms and conditions approved by the Board of Directors; or

(xiii) | encumber Fifty Percent (50%) or more of the Corporation’s assets.

Section 7. Status of Converted Shares of Preferred Stock. Any shares of Preferred Stock
converted into shares of Common Stock shall not revert to the status of authorized and unissued
shares of Preferred Stock of the same series as the converted shares, and may not thereafter be sold
or reissued.

Section 8. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of this

Corporation not expressly provided for to the Corporation herein shall be vested in the Common
Stock.

V.

1. Limitation of Directors’ Liability. The liability of the directors of this Corporation
for monetary damages shall be climinated to the fullest extent permissible under California la‘.

3474529_3.DOC -13-
2. lodemnification of Comorat: Agents. This Corporation i is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) througi
bylaw provisions, agreements with agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the Califormia
Corporations Cade, subject to the applicable limits set forth in Section 204 of the California
Corporations Code with respect to actions for breach of duty to the Corporation and its shareholders.

3, Repeal oc; Modification. Any repeal or modificetion of the foregoing provisions of
this Article V shall not adversely affect any right of indemnification or limitation of liability of any

director, ofSicer or other agent of this Corporation relating to acts or omissions occurring prior to
such repeal or modification.

eae 4

3. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of tie
Corporation has been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of corporation of the
Corporation has been duly approved by the required vote of the shareholders in accordance with
Sections 902 and 903 of the Corporations Code. The authorized number of shares of Common Stock
is 18,140,000 of which 6,284,542 shares are issued and outstanding, th: authorized number of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock is 2,360,000 of which 2,360,000 shares are issued and outstanding and
the authorized number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock is 6,000,000 of which 6,000,000 sharer.
are issued and outstanding. The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or
exceeded the voto required. The percentage vote required was more than £0% of the Common
Stock, voting together as a separate clase, more than 50% of the Series A Preferred Stock voting as a
separate class, and Series B Preferred Stock voting as s seperate class.

I further dec!zre under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the
matters set forth i the foregoing Certificate are true and correct to my knowledge.

Chenamin Hu ,
Chief Executive Officer, President and
Seoretary

Dated: July 2¢, 2006

3474§29_3,D0C -14
