State of Delaware
Secretary of State ons
Division of Corpora
Delivered 08:12 AM 56/23/2004
FILED 08:07 AM 06/23/2004

SRV 040461769 - 3632456 FILE AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

ANGIOSCORE INC.

The undersigned, Ephraim Heller and John H. Sellers, hereby certify that:

1, They are the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer and Assistant
Secretary, respectively, of AngioScore Inc., a Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware on March 5, 2003.

3. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated
to read in full as follows:

"ARTICLE }
The name of this corporation is AngioScore Inc. (the "Corporation").
ARTICLE Il

The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, DE 19808, County of New Castle. The name of its
registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, "Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is Eighteen Million Bight Hundred Seventy-Five
‘Thousand (18,875,000) shares, each with a par value of $0.001 per share. Eleven Million
(11,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock and Seven Million Eight Hundred Seventy-Five
Thousand (7,875,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the "Restated Certificate")
may be issued from time to time in one or more series. One Million Six Hundred Twenty-Five
Thousand (1,625,000) shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated "Series A-1 Preferred Stock”

SV 2018502 v6
and Six Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand (6,250,000) shares of Preferred Stock shall be
designated "Series B Preferred Stock.” The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions
granted to and imposed on the Series A-] and Series B Preferred Stock are as set forth below in
this Article TV(B).

1, Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock
or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the Series A-1 Preferred
Stock and Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of 8% of the Series B Original Issue
Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock,
payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such dividends shall not be
cumulative. After payment of such dividends to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, the
holders of shares of Series A-t Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any
assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any
dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or
entitling the halder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock
of the Corporation) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of 8% of the Series A-1
Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-1
Preferred Stock, payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, Such
dividends shall be non-cumulative. After payment of such dividends to the holders of Series B
Preferred Stock and Series A-| Preferred Stock, any additional dividends shall be distributed
among the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Common Stock
pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming
conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

2. Liquidation.

(a} Preference

QW Series B Preference. in the event of any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of
the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Common Stock by
reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the Series B Original Issue Price
per share, as applicable (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like)
for each share of Series B Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends.
The initial Series B Original Issue Price shall be $2.24 per share. If, upon the occurrence of such
event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock
shall] be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential
aniounts, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive,

SV 2018502 v6 ~Q~
Gi) Series A-1 Preference. If, upon the occurrence of such a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, and upon completion of the
distribution required by subsection (a)(i) of this Section 2, assets or funds of the Corporation
remain legally available for distribution to stockholders by reason of their ownership of stock of
the Corporation, then the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive.
prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of
Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the Series A-1
Original Issue Price per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and
the like) for each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid
dividends. The initial Series A-1 Original Issue Price shal} be $1.00 per share. If, upon the
occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Series A-l Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
afuresaid preferential amounts, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock in
proportion (o the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

{b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distributions
required by subsections (a)(i) and (a)(ii) of this Section 2, if assets remain in the Corporation, the
holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and the Common Stock of the Corporation shall receive
all of the remaining assets of the Corporation pro rata based on the number of shares of Common
Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Series B Preferred Stock into Common
Stock) until the holders of Series B have received an aggregate of $6.72 per share {as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications and the like) of Series B Preferred Stock then held
by them (including amounts paid pursuant to Section 2(a)(i) above, plus any declared but unpaid
dividends on such shares). Thereafter, if assets remain in the Corporation, the holders of
Common Stock shall receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liquidation. Unless otherwise determined by a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, for purposes of this
Section 2, a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if
the Corporation shall (i) sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its
property or business, (ii) merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited
liability company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) or
other corporate reorganization pursuant to a transaction in which the stockholders of the
Corporation own less than 50% of the voting power of the surviving corporation following the
transaction, or (iii) have a change in ownership of securities representing more than 50% of the
voting power of the Corporation in any twelve (12) month period whether by transfer or issuance
of or other transaction involving securities of the Corporation (any such transaction, a
“| iquidation Transaction"), provided that neither of the following shall be considered a
Liquidation Transaction: (i) a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the
domicile of the Corporation or (ii) a transaction in which the stockholders of the Corporation
immediately prior to the transaction own 50% or more of the voting power of the surviving
corporation following the transaction.

SV 20: 8502 v6 -3-
(ii) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
liquidation as described in Section 2(c){i) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation
1s other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued
as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) ‘If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market ("Nasdaq"), the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board
of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq
over a specified time period;

(2)  Ifactively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid
or sales prices (whichever is applicable) of such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) ‘If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a stockholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(c)(ii}(A)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(iii) Natice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock written notice of any
impending Liquidation Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the stockholders’ meeting
called to approve such Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such
Liquidation Transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the
final approval of such Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the
material terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of
this Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any
material changes. Unless waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall in no event take place sooner
than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than 10
days after the Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Restated Certificate, all notice periods or
requirements in this Restated Certificate may be shortened or waived, either before or after the
action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of the outstanding shares of Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class, that are entitled to such notice nghts.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shal! forthwith either cause the closing

SV 2618502 v6 -4-
of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cance! such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences,
orivileges and restrictions of the holders of Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock shall revert
to and be the same as such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately
prior to the date of the first notice referred ta in Section 2(c){iii).

(a) Red ate and Price. At any time after June 23, 2011, but
ona date (the "Redemption Date") within 180 days after receipt by the Corporation of a written
request (a "Redemption Election") from the holders of not less than a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, that all of the
shares of each such series be redeemed, the Corporation shall, within 15 days of receipt of the
Redemption Election, mail a written notice (the "Company Notice"), first class postage prepaid,
to each holder of record of Series B Preferred Stock at the address last shown on the records of
the Corporation for such holder, notifying such holder of receipt of the Redemption Election and
requesting such holder to notify the Corporation within 10 days after the date of the Company
Notice of the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock that such holder elects to have
redeemed. The Corporation shall to the extent it may lawfully do so, redeem in three annual
installments, with the first installment payment due no later than 180 days after receipt by the
Corporation of the Redemption Election, all shares of Series B Preferred Stock requested to be
redeemed in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 3 by paying in cash therefor
a sum per share equal to $2.24 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof) plus
declared but unpaid dividends for each share of Series B Preferred Stock then held by them (the
"Redemption Price"). The "Redemption Date" shall mean each successive annual date on which
the shares of Preferred Stock are to be redeemed pursuant to this Section 3.

(b) Shares to Be Redeemed. The number of shares of Series B
Preterred Stock that the Corporation shall be required to redeem on any one Redemption Date
shall be cqual to the amount determined by dividing the number of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock requested to be redeemed by the number of remaining Redemption Dates (including the
Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). The number of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock of a holder redeemed on any Redemption Date shall be equal to such holder's pro-rata
holdings of all the Series B Preferred Stock requested to be redeemed in accordance with the
procedures set forth in this Section 3,

{c) Procedure. Except as provided in Section 3(d), on or after the
Redemption Date, each holder of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender to the
Corporation the certificate or certificates representing such shares, in the manner and at the place
designated by the Corporation, and thereupon the Redemption Price of such shares shall be
payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the
owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be cancelled. In the event less than all the
shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued
representing the unredeemed shares.

SV 2058502 v6 -5-
(d) Effect of Redemption; Insufficient Funds. From and after each
Redemption Date, unicss there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price, all
rights of the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock designated for redemption on cach
such Redemption Date (except the right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates) shall cease with respect to such shares, and such
shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be
outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation legally available for
redemption of shares of Series B Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to
redeem the total number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those
funds which are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such
shares and shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be redeemed ratably in proportion to the full
amounts to which they would be entitled to if the total number of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock were redeemed. The shares of Series B Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain
outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time thereafter
when additional funds of the Corporation are legally available for the redemption of shares of
Senes B Preferred Stock, such funds will immediately be used to redeem the balance of the
shares which the Corporation has become obliged to redeem on any Redemption Date but which
it has not redeemed.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock
shall have conversion rights as follows (the "Conversion Rights"):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of
Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof,
al any time after the date of issuance of such share and (in the case of the Series B Preferred
Stock) on or prior to the fifth day prior to the Redemption Date, if any, as may have been fixed in
any Redemption Notice with respect to such series of Preferred Stock, at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing (i) the Series A-1 Original
Issue Price applicable to any such share of Series A-] Preferred Stock, and (ii) the Series B
Original Issue Price applicable to any such share of Series B Preferred Stock by the Conversion
Price applicable to such share, determined as hereafter provided, m effect on the date the
certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial Conversion Price per share shall be $1.00
for the Series A-1 Preferred Stock and $2.24 for the Series B Preferred Stock. Such initial
Conversion Prices shal! be subject to adjustment as sct forth in Section 4(d) below.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A-1 or Series B
Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion
Price at the time in effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as provided
below in Section 4(c), the Corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment
underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the public offering price of which is not less than $6.72
per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like) and which
results in aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $30,000,000 (before
deduction of underwriting discounts and commissions) or (ii) the date specified by written

SV 2018502 v6 ~6-
consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A-1
and Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A-1 or
Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such Preferred Stock into shares of Common
Stock, the holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the
office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall
give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert
the same and shal! state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares
of such series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of public Common Stock as of such date. If the
conversion is in connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant
to the Securities Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred
Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of
securities pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive Common
Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shal] not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred
Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price. |f
the: Corporation should issue, at any time after the date upon which any shares of Series B

Preferred Stock were first issued (the "Purchase Date" with respect to such series), any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less
than the Conversion Price for the Series B Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to the
issuance of such Additional Stock, the Conversion Price for the Series B Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically be adjusted as set forth in this
Section 4(d)(i), unless otherwise provided in this Section 4(dXi).

(A) Adjustment Formula. Whenever the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new Conversion Price shall be determined
by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the
“Qutstanding Common”) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would purchase at such Conversion
Price, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common
plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation,

SV 1018502 v6 -7.
the term "Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant
to Section 4(d)()(E) below.

(B) Definition of "Additional Stock". For purposes of
this Section 4(d){i), "Additional Stock" shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i){E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase
Date) other than:

{1} Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(dii) hereof;

(2) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation directly or pursuant to a stock option
plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(3) Capital stock, or options or warrants to
purchase capital stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions or similar
transactions in a transaction and in an amount approved by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation;

(4) Shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock
issuable upon exercise of warrants outstanding as of the date of this Restated Certificate;

(5) Capital stock, or warrants or options to
purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar
transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(6) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Series A-1 or Series B Preferred Stock;

(7) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
in a public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock will be converted to Common Stock;

{8} Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity
as a component of any business relationship with such entity for the purpose of (A) joint venture,
technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply or manufacture of the
Corporation's products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving corporate partners
that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business relationship
with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors; and

(9) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable

with the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
voting together as a class.

SV 2018502 v6 ~8-
(C) No Fractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the

Conversion Price for the Series B Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent
per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this
sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment
being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving
vise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of
ibe issuance of Commen Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allawed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors
irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case

of the issuance (whether before, on or afier the applicable Purchase Date) of securities or nghts
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock (the "Common Stock Equivalents"), the following provisions shall apply for
all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or
such Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration,
if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and related Common Stock
Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, ta be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise
of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Section 4(d)(i}(D).

(2) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents, other than a change
resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock Equivalents,
shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange
or excrcise of such Common Stock Equivaients.

$V 2018502 v6 9.
(3) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of sach Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) | The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)(1) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either Section 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)()(EX3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except to the limited extent provided for in

Sections 4(d)(i}(E)(2) and 4(d\(i}(E)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this
Section 4(d)(j) shail have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time afler the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares af Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is Gxed), the Conversion Price of each of the Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock shall be
appropniately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of
each share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of
shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock
Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents
determined from time to time as provided in Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(ili) Reverse Stock Splits. Ifthe number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, fallowing the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for each of the Series A-] and Series B Preferred Stock shall be appropriately
increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of
such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d){1) or 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the
hoiders of Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of

SV 4018502 vo -1Q-
any such distribution as though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock
of the Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date
fixed for the determination of the hoiders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to
receive such distribution.

(f)  Recupitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shail
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or
sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2} provision shal!
be made so that the holders of the Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock shall thereafter be
entitled to receive upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or
other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwisc, to which a holder of Common Stock
deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case,
appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with
respect to the nghts of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end
that the provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect
and the number of shurcs purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be
applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

{g) NoImpairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of iis
Certificate of Incorporation (except in accordance with Section 6 hereof and applicable law) or
through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times in goad faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and
in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as te Adjustments.

{i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of the Series A-1 or Series B Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of
Common Stock to he issued shall he rounded down to the nearest whole share. The number of
shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of
shares of Series A-1 or Series B Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into
Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate
conversion. if conversion would result in any fractional share, the Corporation shall, in lieu of
.Ssuing any such fractional share, pay the holder thereof an amount of cash equal to the fair
market value of such fractional share on the date of conversion, as determined in good faith by
the Board of Dircetors.

Gi) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Series A-] or Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the
Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock
a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request

SY 5018502 v6 -ll-
at any time of any holder of Series A-1 or Series B Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment,
(B) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of a share of the such series of Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
to each holder of Series A-{ and Series B Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date
specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend,
distribution or right.

qj) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the
Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall
from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of
Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of such series
of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such
Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging
in best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment ta this
Restated Certificate.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation.

5, Voting Rights. Except as expressly provided by this Certificate or as
provided by law, the holders of Series A-! and Series B Preferred Stock shal] have the same
voting rights as the holders of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock
and the Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on all
matters. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common
Stock held, and each holder of Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of
Series A-1 and Series B Preferred Stock could be converted. Fractional votes shall not, however,
be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating
all shares into which shares of Series A-1 or Serics B Preferred Stock held by each holder could

SV 2013502 v6 -12-
be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded
upward).

6. Protective Provisions.

{a) So long as at least 500,000 shares of Preferred Stock are
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the
Corporation shali not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as
provided by faw) of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock, voting together as a class:

(i) effect a Liquidation Transaction;

(ii) amend the Bylaws of the Corporation or the Restated
Certificate in a manner that adversely affects the rights, preferences and privileges of the
Preferred Stock;

(iii) reclassify any shares of Common Stock of the Corporation
into shares having a preference over, or being on a parity with, the Preferred Stock with respect
to voting, dividends, redemption, conversion or upon liquidation;

(iv) incur any indebtedness in excess of $500,000, other than
indebtedness (a) that is asset-backed and incurred by the Corporation in connection with a
transaction approved by the Corporation's Board of Directors, (b) incurred pursuant to unsecured
promissory notes issued in connection with acquisitions approved by the Corporation's Board of
Directors or (c} incurred pursuant to capital lease obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business;

(v) declare or pay any dividends or other distributions;

(vi) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common
Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to (a) the repurchase of shares from
employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation
or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements approved by the Board of Directors under which the
Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than cost upon the occurrence of
certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the exercise of any right of first
refusal or (b) any redemption set forth in Section 3 of this Restated Certificate; or

(vii) alter the size of the Corporation's Board of Directors.

(b} Se long as at least 500,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock are
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the
Corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as
provided by law) of the holders of at least 2 majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:

$V 2048502 v6 -13-
(1) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any equity
security (other than Series B Preferred Stock), including any security convertible into or
exercisable for any equity security, having a preference over, or being on a parity with the
Series B Preferred Stock with respect to voting (other than the pari passu voting rights of
Common Stock), dividends, conversion or upon liquidation;

{ii) materially alter or change the rights, preferences or
privileges of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares of such
series;

(ili) increase the total authorized number of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock;

(iv) declare or pay any dividends or other distributions to
holders of Series A-| Preferred Stock, except in accordance with Section | of Article IV of this
Restated Certificate; or

{v} redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common
Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to (a) the repurchase of shares from
employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the
Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements approved by the Board of Directors under
which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than cost upon the
occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the exercise of
any right of first refusal or (b) any redemption set forth in Section 3 of this Restated Certificate.

{c) Se long as at least 500,000 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock are
ouistanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the
Corporation shal] not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as
provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A-1
Preferred Stock:

{i) materially alter or change the rights, preferences or
privileges of the shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares of such
series;

(ii) increase the total authorized number of shares of Series A-1
Preferred Stock; or

(ii) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Common Stock; provided,
however, that this restriction shall not apply to (a) the repurchase of shares from employees,
officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation or any
subsidiary pursuant to agreements approved by the Board of Directors under which the
Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than cost upon the occurrence

SV 2018502 v6 -14-
of certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the exercise of any right of
first refusal or (b) any redemption set forth in Section 3 of this Restated Certificate.

7. Status of Redeemed or Converted Stock. In the event any shares of

Preferred Stock shall be redeemed pursuant to Section 3 or converted pursuant to Section 4
hereof, the shares so redeemed or converted shall be cancelled and shall not be issuable by the
Corporation. This Restated Certificate shall be appropriately amended to effect the
corresponding reduction in the Corporation's authorized capital stock.

(C) Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stuck at the time outstanding having prior nghts as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights, Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article IV(B).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4, Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shali have the right to one
vole per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE V

The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the
Bylaws of the Corporation,

ARTICLE Vil

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the
saine exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally
iiable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director.

(B) The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,

§V 2018502 v6 -15-
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served at
any other enterprise as a director or officer at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor to
the Corporation.

(C) Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIL, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII, shall
eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter occurring, or any action.
or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VIL would accrue or arise, prior to
such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.”

a» *# ©

SV 2018502 v6 -16-
The foregoing Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorparation has been duly adopted
by this corporation’s Board of Directors andi stackhokders in accordance with the applicable
provisions of Soctions 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of

Delaware. .
Executed at Menlo Park, California, on June?-Z; 2004

Helier, Chief Executive Officer

— cre tematnapaagpaanupscenemmgremeamanienine
Joba H, Seliers, Avsiatant Soctetary

SV ZO1B502 v6 -\7-
