weteitr Ve hh Lt BATU AAN

SECRETARY OF STATE
DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS
FILED 05:00 PM 03/28/2003

O30210056 ~ 3632456

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

ANGIOSCORE INC.

The undersigned, Ephraim Heller and John H. Sellers, hereby certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer and Assistant
Secretary, respectively, of AngioScore Inc., a Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware on March 5, 2003.

3. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated
to read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is AngioScore Inc. (the “Corporation").
} ARTICLE I

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, DE 19808, County of New Castle. The name of its
registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE fil

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is Twelve Million (12,000,000) shares, each with a
par value of $0.001 per share. Eight Million (8,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock and
Four Million (4,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(8B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Restated

Certificate”) may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The first series st series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A-1 Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Four Million

054165602
(4,000,000) shares. The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed
on the Series A-1 Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article IV(B).

1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock
or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the Common Stock of the
Corporation, at the rate of 8% of the Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each
outstanding share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, payable quarterly when, as and if declared by
the Board of Directors. Such dividends shall not be cumulative. After payment of such
dividends, any additional dividends shall be distributed among the holders of Series A-1
Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock
then held by each holder (assuming conversion of all such Series A-1 Preferred Stock into
Common Stock).

2. Liquidation.

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets
of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an
amount per share equal to the Original Issue Price per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassification and the like) for each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock then held by
them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. The initial Original Issue Price shall be $1.00 per
share, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8 below. If, upon the occurrence of such
event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock
shal] be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential
amounts, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(a) above, if assets remain in the Corporation, the holders of the Common
Stock of the Corporation shall receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation pro rata
based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

{c} Certain Acquisitions.

G@) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if the
Corporation shall sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property or
business or merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited liability
company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) (any such
transaction, a “Liquidation Transaction”), provided that none of the following shall be considered
a Liquidation Transaction: (i) a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the

0541650.02 -2-
domicile of the Corporation, (ii) an equity financing in which the Corporation is the surviving
corporation, or (iii) a transaction in which the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior
to the transaction own 50% or more of the voting power of the surviving corporation following
the transaction.

{ii} Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
liquidation as described in Section 2(c)(i) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation
is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued
as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) ‘If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board
of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq
over a specified time period;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid
or sales prices (whichever is applicable) of such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) "Je there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(c)(ii)(A)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors,

(iii) | Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Series A-1 Preferred Stock written notice of any impending
Liquidation Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the stockholders’ meeting called to
approve such Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation
Transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final
approval of such Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material
terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this Section
2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes.
Unless waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall in no event take place sooner than 10 days after
the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than 10 days after the
Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein. Notwithstanding the
other provisions of this Restated Certificate, all notice periods or requirements in this Restated
Certificate may be shortened or waived, cither before or after the action for which notice is

0541650.02 -3-
required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the
outstanding shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing
of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the
same as such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date
of the first notice referred to in Section 2(c)(iii).

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4, Conversion. The holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A-
1 Preferred Stock shal! be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the
date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such
stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Original Issue Price applicable to such share (as may be adjusted
pursuant to Section 8 below) by the Conversion Price applicable to such share, determined as —
hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial -
Conversion Price per share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be $1.00. Such initial Conversion
Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d) and Section 8.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in
effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as provided below in Section 4(c),
the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering
pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), which results in aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $10,000,000
(before deduction of underwriting discounts and commissions) or (ii) the date specified by
written consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion, Before any holder of Series A-1
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such Series A-1 Preferred Stock into shares of
Common Stock, the holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed,
at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and
shall give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to
convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates
for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have

0541650.02 -4-
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares
of such series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of public Common Stock as of such date. If the
conversion is in connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant
to the Securities Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred
Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of
securities pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive Common
Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be

subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

{i) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the date upon which any shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock were first
issued (the “Purchase Date” with respect to such series}, fix a record date for the effectuation of a
split or subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders
of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares
of Common Stock or other securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to
receive directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as
“Common Stock Equivalents”) without payment of any consideration by such holder for the
additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record
date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the
Conversion Price of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the

number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding
and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares
issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from time to time as provided in
Section 4(d)(iii) below.

(ii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding al any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(ii) The following provisions shall apply for purposes of this
Section 4(d):

(A) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise of Common Stock

0541650.02 5.
Equivalents (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or
exercisability, including, without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account
potential antidilution adjustments) shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such Common
Stock Equivalents were issued.

(B) _ In the event of any change in the number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents including, but not limited to, a
change resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Series A-1
Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock
Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made
for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(C) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any such Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents which remain
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(ec) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the holders of
Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as
though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into
which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the
determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or
sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall
be made so that the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to
receive upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities
or property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable
upon conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the
rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after
that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

0541650.02 -6-
tf

(g) NoImpairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
Certificate of Incorporation (except in accordance with Section 6 hereof and applicable law) or
through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger,
dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the
Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of
this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h}) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

{i} No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common
Stock to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. The number of shares
issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of
Series A-1 Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Series A-1 Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at
its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting
forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time
of any holder of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a
like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for
the Series A-1 Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common
Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of a share of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock.

{i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
to each holder of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a
notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or

night.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series
A-1 Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock; and

0541650.02 ~7~
if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock,
in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain
the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Restated Certificate.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if
deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at
his address appearing on the books of the Corporation.

5. Voting Rights. Except as expressly provided by this Certificate or as
provided by law, the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall have the same voting rights as
the holders of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders‘ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock and the Series
A-1 Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters. Each holder of Common
Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held, and each holder of
Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares
of Common Stock into which such shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock could be converted.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an
as-converted basis (after aggregating ali shares into which shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock
held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-
half being rounded upward).

6, Protective Provisions. So long as at least 500,000 shares of Preferred
Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like),
the Corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as
provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock, voting together as a class:

(a) pay any dividends to the holders of Common Stock;

tb) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any equity security
(other than Series A-1 Preferred Stock), including any security convertible into or exercisable for
any equity security, having a preference over, or being on e parity with, the Series A-1 Preferred
Stock with respect to voting, dividends, conversion or upon liquidation; or

(c) _ alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of
Series A-1 Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares of such series.

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and
shall not be issuable by the Corporation. This Restated Certificate shal! be appropriately
amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation's authorized capital stock.

0541650.02 -R-
8. Price Adjustment of Original Issue Price of Series A-1 Preferred
Stock for Certain Dilutive Issnances. The Original Issue Price and the Conversion Price of the

Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be subject to potential adjustment from time to time as follows:

(a) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price. If
the Corporation should sell, at any time within twelve (12) months of the date upon which any
shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date”), any shares of
Preferred Stock (“New Preferred Stock”) in 2 single transaction or a series of related transactions
which results in aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of $750,000 or more and which is
for a consideration per share less than the Original Issue Price for the Series A-1 Preferred Stock,
the Original Issue Price and the Conversion Price for the Series A-1 Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to such issuance shall automatically be adjusted to a price equal to the price
paid per share for such New Preferred Stock.

(>) Issuance of Additional Shares. Whenever the Original
Issue Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section 8, the Corporation shall issue to each holder of
shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock an additional number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred
Stock equal to the difference between (i) the number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock held
by such holder immediately prior to the adjustment and (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing (X)
the number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock held by such holder immediately prior to the
adjustment times the Original Issue Price prior to such adjustment, by (Y) the new Original Issue
Price after such adjustment.

{c) No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued
upon the issuance of any additional! share or shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 8, and the number of additional shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock to be issued shall be
rounded down to the nearest whole share. The number of full shares of additional Series A-1
Preferred Stock to be issued to each holder shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate
original number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock held by such holder.

(a) Mechanics of Issuance. Upon any adjustment to the
Original Issue Price pursuant to this Section 8, the Corporation shall (as soon as reasonably
practicable) issue and deliver to each holder of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, at the place
designated by such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of additional shares of
Series A-1 Preferred Stock to which such holder is entitled. The person in whose name the
certificate for such shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock is to be issued shali be deemed to have
become a holder of such shares on the effective date of such adjustment.

(ec) Related Corporate Actions. In the event that any
additional shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock are required to be issued pursuant to this Section
8, prior to such issuance, the Corporation shall use its best efforts to take all such action as may
be required, including amending its Certificate of Incorporation, to authorize an additional
number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock equal in number to the number of shares of
Series A-1 Preferred Stock required to be so issued.

0541650.02 -9.
(C) Common Stock.

l, Dividend ts, Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article IV(B).

3, Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4, Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE V

The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VII

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the
same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally
liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director.

(B) The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served
at any other enterprise as a director or officer at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor
to the Corporation.

0541650.02 -10-
(C) Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIL, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article Vil,
shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter occurring, or any
action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VII, would accrus or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.”

2 * 8

0541650.02 -11-
The foregoing Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted
by this corporation’s Board af Directors and atockholders in accordance with the applicable
provisions of Sectious 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware.

Executed at Menlo Park, California, on Marchal 2003

Heller, Chief Executive Officer .

