State of Delaware
Secreta of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 10:42 06/30/2014
FILED 10:42 AM 06/30/2014
SRV 140898371 — 3632456 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER
OF
SAA MERGER SUB, INC,
{a Delaware corporation)
WITH AND INTO
ANGIOSCORE INC.

(a Delaware corporation)

Pursuant to Sections 103 and 251 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
June 36, 2014

Pursuant 10 Section 251 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(the “DGCL”), AngioScore Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Cempany”), hereby
certifies to the following information relating to the merger of SAA Merger Sub, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (“Merger Sub”), with and into the Company (the “Merger”),
pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of May 27, 2014, by and among
Merger Sub’s corporate parent and sole stockholder (“Parent”), Merger Sub, the
Company, and Shareholder Representative Services LLC as the Securityholders’
Representative (as defined therein) (as the same may be amended from time to time, the
“Merger Agreement’).

1. The name of the surviving corporation is AngioScore Inc., which is
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, and the name of the corporation
being merged into this surviving corporation is SAA Merger Sub, Inc., which is
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (together, the “Constituent
Corporations”).

2. The Merger Agreement has been approved, adopted, certified, executed,
and acknowledged by each of the Constituent Corporations in accordance with the
provisions of Section 25 lof the DGCL.

- 3. The surviving corporation in the Merger is AngioScore Inc. (the
“Surviving Corporation’), which will continue its existence as said surviving corporation
under its present name upon the effective time and date of the Merger pursuant to the

provisions of the DGCL,

4. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, as
amended, shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as set forth in Exhibit A
attached hereto.

US.54241704.04
5. The executed Merger Agreement is on file at an office of the Surviving
Corporation, the address of which is as follows:

AngioScore Inc.
9965 Federal Drive
Colorado Springs, Colorado 80921

6, A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving
Corporation, on request and without cost, to any stockholder of each of the Constituent
Corporations.

7. The Merger shall be effective upon the filing of this Certificate of Merger
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Merger
to be signed as of the date first above wrilten.

ANGIOSCORE INC.

By: __/s/ James B. Andrews

Printed Name: James B. Andrews
Its: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page of Certificate of Merger for AngioScore Inc.]

EXHIBIT A

SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
ANGIOSCORE INC,

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is AngioScore Inc.
ARTICLE If

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is
Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware
19808, located in New Castle County. The registered agent of the Corporation at that
address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE It

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware.

ARTICLE IV

The total number of shares of stock which this Corporation has the authority to
issue is 1,000 shares, all of which shall be designated Common Stock, with $.01 par
value.

ARTICLE V¥

No director of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided
that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (a) for any breach
of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (b) for acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law, (c) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (d)
for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The
Corporation shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by
law. The Corporation, by approval of its board of directors, may in its discretion
indemnify the Corporation’s employees and agents. Any repeal or modification of this
Article V shall be prospective only and shall not adversely affect any right or protection
of, or any limitation of the liability of, a director of the Corporation existing at, or arising
out of facts or incidents occurring prior to, the effective date of such repeal or
modification.

ARTICLE VI

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the Delaware
| General Corporation Law, the board of directors of the Corporation is expressly
authorized and empowered to adopt, amend and repeal the bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE Vi

The Corporation reserves the right at any time, and from time to time, to amend,
alter, change, or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, and
other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware in force at the time may
be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law; and all rights,
preferences, and privileges of any nature conferred upon stockholders, directors, or any
other persons by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as
hereafter amended are granted subject to the rights reserved in this Article VII.

* &

