State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 02:32 PM 08/16/2004
FILED 02:22 PM 08/16/2004

SRV 040597900 - 3632454. FFT rICATE OF AMENDMENT OF AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
ANGIOSCORE INC.

The undersigned hereby certifies that:

1. He is the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of AngioScore Inc., &
Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed with te
Secretary of State of Delaware on March 5, 2003.

3. Pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
this Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends;
Article [V Section (A), and the initia! paragraph of Article IV Section (B), in their entirety to read
as follows:

"(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes a1
stock to be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total
numnber of shares which the Corporation is authorized to issue is Nineteen Million Eight
Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand (19,875,000) shares, cach with a par value of $0.00] per
share. Eleven Million Five Hundred Thousand (11,500,000) shares shall be Common
Stock and Eight Million Three Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand (8,375,000) shares shail
be Preferred Steck.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred
Stock authonzed by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the

“Restated Certificate") may be issued from time to time in one or more series. One
Million Six Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand (1,625,000) shares of Preferred Stock shiali
be designated "Series A-{ Preferred Stock" and Six Million Seven Hundred Fifty
Thousand (6,750,000) shares of Preferred Stock shail be designated "Series B Bele
Stock.” The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed on the
Series A-] and Series B Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article [V(B)."

4. Pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
this Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends
Article [V Section (B)(4)b) in its entirety to read as follows:

‘(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A-1 or Series B Preferréd
Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversién
Price at the time in effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as
provided below in Section 4(c), the Corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a firm
commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration statement under ihe
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act”), the public offering price o
which is not less than $6.72 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,

SY 2052066 v3

Wel we Pee a retermerenn ae em es Pe Ee eee SC eT en eet ane ee COREIR NS oom Vere. ce ete CO Ue Eee TM nm cnn vnc ete eae
reclassification and the like) and which resuits in aggregate cash proceeds to the
Corporation of not jess than $30,000,000 (before deduction of underwriting discounts and
commissions) or (if) the date specified by written consent or agreement of the holders of
at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the then outstanding sharss of
Series A-| and Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class,"

5. Pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
this Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends the
first paragraph of Article IV Section (B)(6\a) in ity entirety to read as follows:

"(a) So long as at least 500,000 shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the Corporation
shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, ag provided by
law) of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class;"

6. Pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delawure,
this Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends the
first paragraph of Article IV Section (BXG)(b) in its entirety to read ag follows:

"(b) So long as at least 360,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock arc
outstanding (as adjusted for stack splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like),
the Corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval {by vote or written consent,
as provided by law) of the holders of at least sixty-six aad two-thirds percent (66 2/3%)of
the then outstanding shares of Serics B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:"

7. The foregoing Certificate of Amendment has been duly adopted by this
corporation's Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with the applicable provisions of
Sections 228 and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

Executed at Alameda, California, on August 12004,

Heller, Chief Executive Officer

“Qe

eee Aircel e pee Ee os ne te it re

TOTAL P.@3
