SECRETARY OF STATE
DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS
FILED 05:00 PM 03/05/2603

O3OLETS3E — 3632456

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
ANGIOSCORE INC,

ARTICLE I
The name of the corporation is AngioScore Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE If

The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, DE 19808, County of New Castle. The name ofits «
registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE WI

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV

The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is
4,000,000 shares of capital stock all of which shall be designated “Common Stock” and have a
par value of $0.001 per share,

ARTICLE V

In furtherance of and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of
Delaware, the Board of Directors of the Corporation js expressly authorized to make, amend or
repeal Bylaws of the Corporation,

ARTICLE VI

The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of
the Board of Directors, Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise
provided in the Bylaws of the Carporation.

ARTICLE Vil

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the
same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally

OS3R51 1.01
liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director.

(B) The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director ar officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served
at any other enterprise ag a director or officer at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor
to the Corporation.

(C) Neither any armendment nor repeal of this Article VI, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII,
shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter occurring, or any
action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VIL, would accrue or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE VII
The name atid mailing address of the incorporator are as follows:
Gail B. Guabello
c/o Venture Law Group

2775 Sand Hill Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025

Executed this 5" day of March, 2003.

Prob Prudlh

Gail B. Guabello, Incorporator

0538511.0l ~2-
