STATE OF DELAWARE
SECRETARY OF STATE
DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS
FILED 08:00 AM 08/31/2000
001440683 — 3191384

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
ZYOPTICS, INC.

Zyoptics, Inc., (the “Company”) a corporation organized and existing under the Jaws of
the State of Delaware hereby certifies as follows:

A. The undersigned is the duly elected and acting President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company.

B. The name of the corporation is Zyoptics, Inc. The original Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
March 13, 2000. All amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation reflected herein have been
duly authorized and adopted by the Company’s Board of Directors and stockholders in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law.

C. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:

I
The name of the corporation is Zyoptics, Inc. (the “Company”).
II

The address of the registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware is 1013
Centre Road, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware, and the name of its
registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

HI

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

IV

Upon this Amendment and Restatement of the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Company becoming effective pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “Effective
Time”), each share of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (“Old Common Stock”), shall be
automatically reclassified and converted into Ten Thousand (10,000) shares of Common Stock,
par value $.01 per share, of the Company. Any stock certificate that, immediately prior to the
Effective Time, represented shares of Old Common Stock Shall, from and after the Effective
Time, automatically, and without the necessity of presenting same for exchange, represent that
number of shares of Common Stock obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Old

1

Zyoplica. Series A.RestatedCertificate v6 doc
wee ak te pure pe se Nw se Me Pay IM, TUVvilULuUUZY 4

Common Stock represented by such certificate immediately prior to the Effective Time by Ten
Thousand (10,000).

The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated Common Stock
and Preferred Stock. The aggregate number of shares that the Company shall have authority to
issue is Twenty-Six Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand (26,250,000) consisting of Twenty
Million (20,000,000) shares of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, and Six Million Two
Hundred Fifty Thousand (6,250,000) shares of Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share.

The shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
The first series shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Six Million
Two Hundred Fifty Thousand (6,250,000) shares. The rights, preferences, privileges and
restrictions granted to and imposed upon the Series A Preferred Stock are as follows:

1, Definitions. For purposes of this Article, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all shares of Common
Stock issued (or, pursuant to subsection 4(d)(ii), deemed to be issued) by the Company after the
Series A Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable (or, pursuant
to subsection 4(d)(ii), deemed to be issued):

(i) upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

(ii) as a dividend or distribution on Series A Preferred Stock or any
event for which adjustment is made pursuant to subsection 4(d)(v), subsection 4(d)(vi) or
subsection 4(d)(vii) hereof:

(iii) in connection with acquisition transactions, to financial institutions
or lessors in connection with commercial credit arrangements or equipment financings, and
strategic partnering arrangements and the like, which issuances are approved by the Company’s
Board of Directors and are primarily for purposes other than equity financing and which are
cumulatively not more than 175,000 shares (as appropriately adjusted for anti-dilution and any
subsequent stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like);

(iv) Pursuant to grants of options to purchase Common Stock to
directors and employees of, and consultants to, the Company in a manner determined by the
Board of Directors and which are cumulatively not more than 2,000,000 shares (as appropriately
adjusted for anti-dilution and any subsequent stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and
the like); or

(v) with the consent of a majority of the then-outstanding Series A
Preferred Stock; or

(vi) in a Qualifying Public Offering or other registered public offering
of the Common Stock prior to which or in connection with which.all of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall have been converted to Common Stock; or .

WN

Zyoptics. SeriesA RestatedCertificate. v6. doc

Py
_— oma 2 ee 2 ee oe oe ee

(vii) by way of dividend or other distribution on shares of Common
Stock excluded from the definition of Additional Shares of Common Stock by the foregoing
clause(s) (i)}+{vi) or this clause (vii).

(b) “Affiliate” shall mean, as to any person or entity, a person or entity that,
directly or indirectly through onc or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such person or entity.

(c) “Common Stock” shall mean the Common Stock of the Company, par value
$.01 per share.

(d) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or
other securities (other than shares of Series A Preferred Stock) convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock.

(e) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(f) “Series A Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which shares of Series
A Preferred Stock were first issued.

(g) “Series A Original Issue Price” shall mean $1.00 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock (as appropriately adjusted for anti-dilution and any subsequent stock splits, stock
dividends, recapitalizations and the like).

(h) “Series A Preference Amount” shall mean $1.00 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock (as appropriately adjusted for anti-dilution and any subsequent stock splits, stock
dividends, recapitalizations and the like).

(i) “Stock Option Plan” means a stock option plan that has been approved by
the Company’s Board of Directors.

G) “Transfer” or “Transferred” shall mean to sell or in any other way directly
or indirectly transfer, assign, distribute, encumber or otherwise dispose of, either voluntarily or
involuntarily.

(k) “Voting Shares” shall mcan any shares of the Company’s capital stock
entitled to vote in any election of directors of the Company.

2. Dividends

(a) Dividend Preference. The holders of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends out of any assets at the time legally available
therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other
than in Common Stock or other securities or rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof
to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock) on the Common Stock or
any other security of the Company. Dividends on Series A Preferred Stock will accrue at the rate
of 8% per annum, per share (calculated as a percentage of the Series A Original Issue Price), on

Zyoplics.SericsA.RestatedCertilicate.v6.doc
each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock (as appropriately adjusted for anti-dilution
and any subsequent stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like). ‘Ihe Series A
Preferred Stock will also participate in any dividend or distribution declared or paid on the
Common Stock, pro rata, on the basis of the number of shares of Common Stock (as determined
on an as-converted basis for the Series A Preferred Stock) into which it is then convertible.
Dividends shall be payable when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Company
(the “Board of Directors”); provided, however, that, except as provided below, the Board of
Directors is under no obligation to pay dividends to such holders, and such dividends, if any,
shall be noncumulative. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock shall accrue at the rate set forth above and shall be cumulative solely for the purposes of (i)
payment upon liquidation, dissolution, ur winding up of the Company (or the deemed occurrence
of such event pursuant to subsection 3(d) below) as provided in Section 3(a) or (ii) payment upon
redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in Section 6(b). Except as provided in
the preceding sentence, no rights shall accrue to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock if
dividends are not declared in any prior fiscal year. If and to the extent that atter payment of the
dividends provided for in the first sentence of this paragraph, the Board of Directors shall declare
and set aside for payment any other and further amount of cash or property as a distribution
(other than a distribution pursuant to Section 3 hereof), such distribution shall be made with
equal priority to the Common Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock, with each share of Series
A Preferred Stock being treated for such purpose as if it had been converted into Common Stock
at the then effective Conversion Rate (as defined in Section 4(a)). For the purpose of the
preceding sentence, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be aggregated, and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be
disregarded.

(b) Priority of Dividends. The Company shall make no Distribution (as defined
below) to the holders of shares of Common Stock in any fiscal year unless and until dividends at
the rate set forth in subsection (a) above shall have been paid upon applicable shares of Series A
Preferred Stock.

(c) Distribution. As used in this Section 2, “Distribution” means the transfer by
the Company with respect to its Common Stock or Preferred Stock of cash or property without
consideration, whether by way of dividend or otherwise (except a dividend in shares of Common
Stock) or the purchase by the Company of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock (other
than purchases in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to or held
by cmployees, consultants, officers and directors upon termination of their employment or
services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase) for cash or property.

3. Liquidation Rights. \n the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of
the Company (or the deemed occurrence of such event pursuant to subsection 3(d) below), either
voluntary or involuntary, distributions to the stockholders of the Company shall be made in the
following manner:

(a) Amount of Liquidation Preference. The holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets
or surplus funds of the Company to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their
ownership of such stock, all accrued but unpaid dividends plus the Series A Original Issue Price

4

Zyoptics.SeriesA_RestatcdCertificate.v6.doc
eee wae Vek vw tee a Ye oe © 2 oe

per share on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Liquidation
Preference”). If the assets and funds thus available for distribution among the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of their full
aforesaid preferential amount, then the entire amount of the assets and funds of the Company
legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock in proportion to the aggregate Series A Liquidation Preference for the shares of
such Series A Preferred Stock owned by each such holder.

(b) Distribution after Payment of Liquidation Preference. After payment has
been made to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts set forth
in Section 3(a) above, the entire remaining assets and funds of the Company legally available for
distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Common Stock and Series
A Preferred Stock (on an as-converted basis) until such time as the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock shall have received an amount per share equal to three times the Series A Conversion Price
then in effect for the Series A Preferred Stock, after which the remaining assets and funds of the
Company legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably among the holders
of Common Stock.

(c) Shares not Treated as Both Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock in
any Distribution. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into
shares of Common Stock in order to participate in any distribution, or series of distributions, as
shares of Common Stock, without first foregoing participation in the distribution, or series of
distributions, as shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3(a) and (b) above.

(d) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 3, a merger or
consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation or corporations, unless the
stockholders of the Company immediatcly prior to any such transaction are holders of at least a
majority of the voting power of the surviving corporation, the acquiring corporation or the entity
controlling the surviving corporation immediately thereafter, or a sale or other transfer of more
than 50% of the assets of the Company (or any series of related transactions resulting in the sale
or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company), shall be treated as a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rights of all the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock under this Section 3 may be waived by the holders of a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(e) Non-Cash Distribution. Whenever the distribution provided for in this
Section 3 shall be payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution
shall be the fair market value of such securities or other property as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability (which cases are covered by (ii) below):

(A) lf traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq
National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the

securities on such quotation system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to
the closing;

Zyoptics.ScriesA RestatedCertificate.v6.doc

Vv
eee ee eer! ei Vs VI bw vitae ew UV TY Mae Pee Visa TUULULY ALY |

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the
thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the
fair market value thereof, as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith.

(ii) | The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in (i)(A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof, as determined by the Board of Directors.

(f) Consent to Certain Repurchases. Each holder of an outstanding share of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have consented to distributions made by the
Company in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by
officers, directors, employees or consultants upon termination of their employment or services
pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase between the Company and such
persons, provided that the terms of such repurchase shall have been approved by the Board of
Directors.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the issuance of
such share at the office of thc Company or any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock,
into that number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock that is equal to the
Series A Original Issue Price divided by the appropriate conversion price. The initial conversion
price per share of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Conversion Price’) shall be $1.00
and shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein. The number of shares of Common Stock
into which each share of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted is hereinafter referred to as
the “Conversion Rate.” The Scries A Conversion Price and the Conversion Rate shall be
subject to adjustment as described in this Section 4.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate
for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company’s first
firmly underwritten public offering of the Company’s Common Stock registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), provided that the public offering
price per share is not less than $5.00 (subject to appropriate adjustment for stock splits, stock
dividends, combinations, recapitalizations and the like) and the aggregate gross proceeds to the
Company exceed $20,000,000 (before deducting underwriting discounts or commissions) (a
“Qualifying Public Offering”) or (ii) the date specified by written consent or agreement of the
holders of the majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

Zyoptics ScriesA RestaledCertificate.v6.doc

'
awake’

re Ue Mire 2) ese hls Vs Vlus Baar Vitae pow VM beet Moe LEO VAS WIM TYVLVEV eo

(¢) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shal! be
issued upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the
holder would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied
by the then fair market value of such fractional shares as determined by the Board of Directors of
the Company. Before any holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the
same into full shares of Common Stock, and to receive certificates therefor, he shall surrender
the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any
transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, and shal! give written notice to the Company at
such office that he elects to convert the same; provided, however, that in the event of an
automatic conversion pursuant to Section 4(b), the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares
and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or
its transfer agent; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless either
the certificates evidencing such shares of Series A Preferred Stock are delivered to the Company
or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent
that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement and provides,
if requested by the Company, a bond satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates.

The Company shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or after such agreement
and indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Series A Preferred Stock, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall
be entitled as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts
payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared
and unpaid dividends on the converted Series A Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be
deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons
entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated
for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date;
provided, however, that if the conversion is in connection with the consummation of the first
firmly underwritten public offeri ng of the Company’s Common Stock registered under the
Securities Act (an “IPO”) or any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company (or
deemed occurrence of such event pursuant to subsection 3(d) above) (a “Liquidation Event’),
the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Series A Preferred Stock for
conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of the sale of securities pursuant to such IPO or _
Liquidation Event, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion of the Scries A Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted
such Series A Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing or consummation of the IPO
or Liquidation Event, subject to the Series A Conversion Price adjustment, if any, pursuant to
Section 4(d)(iii) below.

(d) Adjustments to Series A Conversion Price for Diluting Issues. The Series A
Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(a) No Adjustment of Series A Conversion Price, No adjustment in the
Series A Conversion Price shal! be made in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of

7

Zyoptics. ScriesA RestatedCertificate.vé. doc

v
ewe time ewe aen ee Lay ak VEU bee iar owe ev VU bE Ty Moe hel s aM TUE oo

Common Stock, unless the consideration per share for the Additional Shares of Common Stock
issued or deemed to be issued by the Company is less than the Series A Conversion Price in

effect on the date of, and immediately prior to, the issue of such Additional Shares of Common
Stock.

(ii) | Deemed Issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(A) Options and Convertible Securities. In the event the
Company at any time or from time to time after the Series A Original Issue Date shall issue any
Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of
any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the
maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any
provisions contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options
therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be
Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in the case such a
record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, provided that
Additional Shares of Common Stock shall not be deemed to have been issued with respect to an
adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price unless the consideration per share (determined
pursuant to Section 4(d)(iv) hereof) of such Additional Shares of Common Stock would be less
than the Series A Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue,
or such record date, as the casc may be, and provided further that in any such case in which
Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Series A Conversion Price
shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities;

(2) 1f such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase or decrease in the consideration
payable to the Company, or decrease or increase in the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable, upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the Series A Conversion Price
computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect
thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or
decrease becoming effective, bc recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it
affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities;

(3) upon the expiration of any such Options or any nghts of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Sccurities which shall not have been exercised,
the Series A Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence
of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall, upon
such expiration, be recomputed as if:

a. in the case of Convertible Securities or Options
for Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were the shares of
Common Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the

Zyoptics. SeriesA .RestatedCertificate.v6.doc

a
sRUSh de a a as DETR

Woreeaanaavy une Lig Vsi Vive tTaru (Map Ue GY UV bbeVss whe LEV IL/ IM TOUULULYUILZY 1

consideration actually received by the Company for the issue of such Options, whether or not
exercised, plus the consideration actually received by the Company upon such exercise or for the
issue of all such Convertible Securities which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the
additional consideration, if any, actually received by the Company upon such conversion or
exchange, and

b. in the case of Options for Convertible Securities
only the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at
the time of issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Company for the
Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been then issued was the consideration
actually received by the Company for the issue of such Options, whether or not exercised, plus
the consideration deemed to have been received by the Company (determined pursuant to
Section 4(d)(iv)) upon the issue of the Convertible Securities with respect to which such Options
were actually exercised;

(4) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) or (3) above
shall have the effect of increasing the Series A Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the
lower of (i) the Series A Conversion Price on the original adjustment date, or (ii) the Series A
Conversion Price that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common
Stock between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date;

(5) in the case of any Options which expire by their terms
not more than 30 days after the date of issuc thereof, no adjustment of the Series A Conversion
Price shall be made until the expiration or exercise of all such Options issued on the same date,
whereupon such adjustment shall be made in the same manner provided in clause (3) above; and

(6) if such record date shall have been fixed and such
Options or Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment
previously made in the Series A Conversion Price which became effective on such record date
shall be canceled as of the close of business on such record date, and thereafter the Series A
Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section 4(d)(ii) as of the actual date of their
issuance.

(B) Stock Dividends, Stock Distributions and Subdivisions. In
the event the Company at any time or from time to time after the Series A Oniginal Issue Date
shall declare or pay any dividend or make any other distribution on the Common Stock payable
in Common Stock or effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common Stock), then and in any
such event, Additional Shares of Commun Stock shall be deemed to have been issued:

(1) in the case of any such dividend or distribution,
immediately after the close of business on the record date for the determination of holders of any
class of secuntties entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, or

(2) in the case of any such subdivision, at the close of

business on the date immediately prior to the date upon which such corporate action becomes
effective.

Zyoptics,ScricsA RestatedCenificate.v6.doc

iv
DUM DOL © MAA Un Zig UPL UV ttolru (WOU; Ue SY VY Lt. Ya/od. LEVEES FO0L0ZUIDZ0 F 11

If such record date shal] have been fixed and such dividend shall not have been paid on
the payment date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in the Series A Conversion
Price which became cffective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of business
on such record date, and thereafter the Series A Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to
this Section 4(d){ii) as of the time of actual payment of such dividend, if any.

(iii) Adjustment of Series A Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Company shall issue Additional Shares of
Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to
Section 4(d)(ii), but excluding Additional Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to
Section 4(d)(ii)(B), which event is dealt with in Section 4(d)(v) hereof), without consideration or
for a consideration per share less than the Series A Conversion Price in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, the Series A Conversion Price shall be
reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by
multiplying such Series A Conversion Price by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be
(1) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue, plus
(2) the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the
Company for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase
at that Series A Conversion Price, and (y) the denominator of which shall be (1) the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus (2) the number of
such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued, provided that for the purposes of this
Section 4(d)(i11), all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of
outstanding Options, Convertible Securities and shares of Series A Preferred Stock, as the case
may be, shall be deemed to be outstanding, and immediately after any Additional Shares of
Common Stock are deemed issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(ii) above, such Additional Shares of
Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding, and provided further that the Series A
Conversion Price shall not be so reduced at such time if the amount of such reduction would be
an amount less than $0.01, but any such amount shall be carried forward and reduction with
respect thereto made at the time of and together with any subsequent reduction which, together
with such amount and any other amount or amounts so carried forward, shall aggregate $0.01 or
more.

(iv) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 4(d),
the consideration received by the Company for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common
Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(1) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregale amount of cash received by the Company excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or accrued dividends;

(2) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair value thereof at the Lime of such issue, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors; and

10

Zyontics.SeriesA RestatedCertificate.v6.doc
RUM LAINAM & HWALNIIND LA Z£Z1270¥!70100 490. (MEU) O. DV VU LESUD/ OL. PEIUL/NU. 4001020920 ©F IZ

(3) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are
issued together with other shares or sccurities or other assets of the Company for consideration
which covers both, be the Proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (1) and (2) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per
share received by the Company for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been
issued pursuant to Section 4(d) ii)(A), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be
determined by dividing:

(1) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the
Company as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating
thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
consideration) payable to the Company upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, by

(2) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as
set forth in the instruments relating thercto, without regard to any provision contained therein for
a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(v) | Adjustments for Subdivisions, Combinations or Consolidation of
Common Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by
stock split, or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Series A
Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be
proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be
combined or consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of
Common Stock, the Series A Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such combination or consolidation, be proportionately increased.

(vi) | Adjustments for Other Distributions. In the event the Company at
any time or from time to time makes, or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive any distribution payable in securities of the Company other
than shares of Common Stock and other than as otherwise adjusted in this Section 4(d), then and
in each such event provision shall be made so that the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall
receive upon conversion thercof, in addition to the number of shares of Common Stock
receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the Company which they would have received
had their Series A Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event
and had they thereafter, during thc period from the date of such event to and including the date of
conversion, retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, subject
to all other adjustments called for during such period under this Section 4(d) with respect to the
rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock.

1]

Zyoplics SeriesA.RestatedCertificate.vé.doc
Aa badah WH Mea abate th ogg Val UI tolu (HOU? Ye IV VU LEeVUs dl. LESUL/INU. 4001020320 TF 13

(vit) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. If
the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be changed
into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by
capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of
shares provided for above), the Series A Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with
the effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted such that
the Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of
Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common
Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock immediately before that change.

(viii) Reorganization, Mergers, Consolidations, or Sales of Assets. To
the extent that Section 3 hereof does not apply or the holders of Series A Preferred Stock
waive their rights under Section 3, if at any time or from time to time, there shall be a capital

"reorganization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination, reclassification,
or exchange of shares provided for elsewhere in this Section 4) or a merger or consolidation of
the Company with or into another corporation, or the sale of all or substantially ali of the
Company's properties and assets to any other person, then, as a part of such reorganization,
merger, consolidation, or sale, provision shall be made so that the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock held by them, the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the
Company, or of the successor Company resulting from such merger or consolidation or sale, to
which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled upon
such capital reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale. In any such case, appropriate
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to
the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock after the reorganization, merger,
consolidation, or sale to the end that the provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of
the Series A Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon
conversion of the Serics A Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event as nearly
equivalent as may be practicable.

(e) No Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of
Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, merger,
consolidation, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seck
to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Company but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the conversion n ghts of the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock against impairment.

(f) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of any Series A Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Company at its
expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or

12

Zyoptics. SeriesA.RestaledCertificule.v6,duc
QUM LALO ® HALAL LA ZI27OF17O71U2 420 u (WOU) O JY VU LP eVO/OL. J POUI/ZNY. 4001020920 TF 14

readjustment is based. The Company shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of
Series A Preferred Stock, finnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting
forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Series A Conversion Price at the time in
effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property
which at the time would be received upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock.

(g) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Company shall propose at any
time:

(i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock,
whether in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and
whether or not out of earnings or earned surplus;

(ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or
series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or any other securities or
property, or to receive any other rights;

(iii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common
Stock outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

(iv) tv merge with or into any other corporation, or sell, lease or convey
all or substantially all] its property or business, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up;

then, in connection with each such event, this Company shall send to the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock at least 20 days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record shall be taken
for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and specifying the date on which the
holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote in respect of
the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above. With regard to the matters referenced in (iii) and
(iv) above, such written notice shall describe the material terms and conditions of the proposed
transaction. .

Each such written notice shall be given as provided in Section 7 below.

(h) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock; and if at any time the
number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Company will take
such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purpose, including without limitation using its best efforts to obtain the requisite
stockholder approval for any necessary amendment to this certificate.

3. Voting. ‘The holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of Common
Stock shall vote as a single class except as otherwise provided herein in this Section 5.

13

Zyoptics SeriesA RestatedCertificate. v6.doc
UM LALAAM © WALRIND LA Zl 3709170109 45%bL (WRU; 6. SY YU LPtUOsdL. LP G1/NU. 480; 820528 F 1D

(a) Series 4 Preferred Stock. Each holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder of Series A Preferred Stock
could then be converted. The holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to vote on all matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled to vote. The holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance
with the Bylaws of the Company (the “Bylaws”). Fractional votes shall not, however, be
permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all
shares into which shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted),
shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

(b) Common Stock. Except as otherwise required by law, each holder of shares of
Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share thereof held.

(c) Election of Directors. The authorized number of directors shall be as
specified in the Bylaws. So long as (i) at least 25% of the Series A Preferred Stock issued on the
Series A Original Issue Date (subject to appropriate adjustment for anti-dilution and any
subsequent stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like) remain outstanding (for
this purpose, the shares to be issued at the “Subsequent Closing” shall be deemed to have been
issued on the Series A Original Issue Date and shall be deemed outstanding for such a period of
time following the “Closing” as provided for the occurrence of the “Subsequent Closing” in that
certain Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement executed in connection with this Amended
and Restated Certificate, all such terms are as defined in such Serics A Stock Purchase
Agreement), and (ii) the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate
adjustment for anti-dilution and any subsequent stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations
and the like) constitute at least 10% of the Company’s total outstanding Voting Shares, the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be entitled to elect
two (2) directors. Any vacancies on the Board of Directors shall be filled by vote of the holders
of that class or series of stock originally entitled to elect the director whose absence or
resignalion created such vacancy.

(d) Amendments and Changes.

(i) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or by law, there
shall be no voting by Series A Preferred Stock as a separate class.

(ii) | Approval by Class. So long as (i) at least 25% of the Series A
Preferred Stock issued on the Series A Original Issue Date (subject to appropriate adjustment for
anti-dilution and any subsequent stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like)
remain outstanding (for this purpose, the shares to be issued at the “Subsequent Closing” shall be
deemed to have been issued on the Series A Original Issue Date and shall be deemed outstanding
for such a period of time following the “Closing” as provided for the occurrence of the
“Subsequent Closing” in that certain Series A Stock Purchase Agreement executed in connection
with this Amended and Restated Certificate, all such terms are as defined in such Series A Stock
Purchase Agreement), and (ii) the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (subject to
appropriate adjustment for anti-dilution and any subsequent stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations and the like) constitute at least 10% of the Company’s total outstanding Voting

14

Zyoptics SericsA.RestatedCeriiticate.v6 doc
UI Wid dt O& MAN UA ZED OFL OUD 43Prb (tou; oO DU YU lFiUOsdOl. LPSUI/NU 4801520528 r {0

Shares, the Company shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent as
provided by law) of the holdcrs of the majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock:

(A) authorize or issue any security (including options, warrants
and other rights), other than pursuant to the Company’s Stock Option Plan, with rights and
privileges senior to or pari passu with those of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock;

(B) grant or award any registration rights, anti-dilution rights or
redemption rights which are pari passu or superior to the rights of the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock;

(C) repurchase or redeem shares of the equity securities of the
Company (other than purchases of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees,
consultants, officers and directors upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to
agreements providing for the right of said repurchase or pursuant to the redemption obligations
contained herein in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation);

(D) _ take any action to alter or change the rights, preferences or
_ privileges of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares of such
series;

(E) increase the total number of authorized shares of Series A
Preferred Stock;

(F) | consummate any merger, consolidation, recapitalization,
reorganization or similar transaction that results in the holders of the Company’s capital stock
prior to the transaction owning less than 50% of the voting power of the surviving corporation
(and for purposes of this calculation equity securities which any stockholder of the Company
owned immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reorganization or
similar transaction as a stockholder of another party to the transaction shall be disregarded), the
acquiring corporation or the entity controlling the surviving entity after the transaction;

(G) consummate the sale of morc than $0% of the Company’s
assets or the liquidation or dissolution of the Company;

(H) increase the number of shares available for awards under
the Company’s Stock Option Plan above 2,000,000 shares (exccpt by stock splits,
recapitalizations and the like);

(1) pay dividends on any class of the Company’s equity
securities;

(J) enter into or amend any agreement or compensation
arrangement with any of its officers or directors or any transaction or agreement with any
Affiliate of the Company, other than in the ordinary course of the Company’s business;

Zyoptics.SeriesA RestatedCentificate.v6.doc
YM DALIAN GQ HALAL LA 212 °O917O1UD 4Prh (MOU) OF. OU UU LEVI OL. PPSUL/NU. 4001020325 F OLY

(KK) permit any subsidiary of the Company to issue or sell, or
obligate itself to issue or sell, any stock of such subsidiary;

(L) amend this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation or the Bylaws to change the authorized number of directors; or

(M) amend this Section 5(d).

6. Redemption. For the purposes of this Section 6, the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be considered “Redeemable Stock” on the fifth anniversary of the Serics A Original Issue
Date.

(a) Qualifying Request and Notice. Upon the written request of any holder of the
then outstanding Redeemable Stock at any time on or after the fifth anniversary of the Series A
Onginal Issue Date (a “Qualifying Request”), to the extent the shares of Redeemable Stock
have not been redeemed or converted puior to such date, to the extent permitted by law, the
Company shall redeem the number of shares of such holder’s Redeemable Stock specified in the
Qualifying Request, provided that such number must be equal to all or a portion not less than
one-half of such holder’s holdings of Redeemable Stock at the time of such request, in
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below. Upon receipt of a Qualifying Request,
the Company shall give, not less than 30 days prior to the Redemption Date (as defined below),
written notice (the “Redemption Notice”) to all holders of the then outstanding Redeemable
Stock at the address of each such holder appearing on the books of the Company or given by
such holder to the Company for the purpose of notice. Any holder of Redeemable Stock shall be
entitled to submit an amount equal to all or any portion not less than one-half of such holder’s
holdings of Redeemable Stock at such time in response to a Redemption Notice. The failure of
any holder of Redeemable Stock to submit shares of Redeemable Stock in response to a
Redemption Notice shall not preclude such holder from making a Qualifying Request in the
future. Subject to the foregoing, in the event the Company receives a Qualifying Request, the
Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, redecm on the date specified in the Redemption
Notice (the “Redemption Date”) (which date shall not be later than 90 days after the receipt of
the Qualifying Request) the shares of Redeemable Stock submitted for redemption on such
Redemption Date. The Redemption Notice shall further require each holder submitting shares
for redemption to surrender to the Company on or before the Redemption Date, at the place
designated in the Redemption Notice, such holder’s certificate or certificates representing the
shares of Redeemable Stock to be redeemed. On or prior to the Redemption Date, each holder of
shares of Redeemable Stock submitted for redemption shall surrender the certificate or
certificates evidencing such shares to the Company, at the place designated in the Redemption
Notice and shall thereupon be entitled to receive payment of the appropriate Redemption Price
(as defined below). The Company shal) be under no obligation to redeem shares of Redccmable
Stock (i) for which no stock certificate or affidavit of lost stock certificate is surrendered on or
prior to such Redemption Date, or (ii) to the extent that any such redemption would be in
violation of applicable law.

(b) Redemption Price. The redemption price for each share of Series A Preferred
Stock repurchased shall be equal to the Series A Original Issue Price (as appropriately adjusted
for anti-dilution and any subsequent stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like)

16

Zyopties. SericsA RestatedCertificate.v6.doc
KUM LAIHAM & WAIKINS LA Z13-8Y1-8/63 444L, (WED) 8 SU UU LY 07/51. 17:01/N0. 4861826328 P 18

with respect to such shares of the Redeemable Stock), plus any accrued but unpaid dividends,
Such amount shall be paid by the Company to each holder requesting redemption pursuant to
Section 6(a) above out of funds legally available therefor, or, to the extent such funds are not
legally available to fully redeem each share of Redeemable Stock requested to be redeemed,
legally available funds shall be distributed pro rata among the holders requesting redemption
(determined on the basis of the number of shares of Redeemable Stock requested to be
redeemed) and the Company shall continue to pay the redemption price as funds become legally
available therefor until the entire redemption price is paid with respect to each share of
Redeemable Stock requested to be redecmed.

(c) Cessation of Rights. From and after the applicable Redemption Date, all
rights of the holders of shares of the Redeemable Stock submitted for redemption in response to
a Redemption Notice (except the right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates) shall cease with respect to such shares, and such
shares shall not thereafter be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. The shares of
Redeemable Stock not submitted for redemption shall remain outstanding and entitled to all
tights and preferences provided herein.

7. Notices. Any notice, demand, offer, request or other communication required or
permitted to be given by the Company to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Article IV shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given the earlier of (i) when
received, (ii) when delivered personally, (iii) upon confirmed transmission of delivery by
facsimile, (iv) one (1) business day after being deposited with an overnight courier (with receipt
of appropriate delivery) service or (v) four (4) days after being deposited in the U.S. mail, First
Class with postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s address
appearing on the books of the Company.

8. Status of Converted Stock. In case any shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall

be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and may
not be reissued.

Vv

Perpetual Existence. The Company is to have perpetual existence.
VI
Amendment, Repeal of Bylaws. \n furtherance and not in Jimitation of the powers
conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors of the Company is
expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Company.
Vi
I. Limitation of Directors’ and Officers’ Liability. To the fullest extent permitted

by the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, a

17

Zyoptics.SericsA.RestatedCertificate.vé.doc
JUM LALOAM & WALAIND LA Z137OY1-8 1b 43HL (WEU) 8. SU UU L/P Q07/8T. 17: 01/N0. 4861826328 P 19

-director of the Company shall not be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exception
from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law
as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this
Article, nor the adoption of any provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation inconsistent with this Article, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article in
respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article,
would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this Company is authorized to provide
indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) directors, officers, employees and other
agents of this Company (and any other persons to which Delaware law pennits this Company to
provide indemnification), through bylaw provisions, agreements with any such director, officer,

. employee or other agent or other person, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or
otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by the
Delaware General Corporation Law, subject only to limits created by applicable Delaware law
(statutory or nonstatutory), with respect to actions for breach of duty to a corporation, its
stockholders and others.

2. Repeal or Modification. Neither any amendment, repeal or modification of the
foregoing provisions of this Article VI by the stockholders of this Company, nor the adoption of
any provision of this Company’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII,
shall adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Company existing at the time of
such amendment, repeal or modification.

18

Zyoptics SeriesA.RestatedCertificate.v6.doc
AUM LAINAM & WAIAIND LA Z/37-UYl—-0/dS 43PL (WEL) 0. 3U UU LPSU7751, 17 UI/NU. 48618760378 F ZU

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Zyoptics, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its President and Chief Executive Officer on this 31°”
day of August, 2000.

ZYOPTICS, INC.

5) LEE

Name: Anthony Mazzarella
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
