AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

APACHE DESIGN SOLUTIONS, INC.

Andrew T. Yang and Warren T. Lazarow hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer and
Secretary, respectively, of Apache Design Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
“corporation”). The date of filing of said corporation’s original certificate of incorporation with
the Delaware Secretary of State is January 3, 2001.

TWO: The following resolutions amending and restating the corporation’s
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation were approved by a majority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock and at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, each voting as a separate class, by written action in lieu of a
meeting and by the corporation’s board of directors in accordance with the provisions of
Sections 245 and 242 of the General Corporation Law and notice has been given to the non-
consenting stockholders in accordance with the provisions of Section 228(d) of the General
Corporation Law.

The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation is
hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

ARTICLE 1.
The name of the corporation is Apache Design Solutions, Inc.
ARTICLE 2.

The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware
and the County of New Castle is 2711 Centreville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware and
the name of the registered agent at that address is Corporation Service Company. -

ARTICLE 3.

The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE 4.

A. Classes of Stock. This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of
shares to be designated respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock
(“Common Stock”). The total number of shares of capital stock that the corporation is

authorized to issue is twenty-five million seven hundred thirty-three thousand six hundred sixty-

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 07:34 PM 01/16/2004
MPI:938057.5 FILED 07:32 PM 01/16/2004
SRV 040036744 — 3339926 FILE

five (25,733,665). The total number of shares of Preferred Stock this corporation shall have
authority to issue is five million nine hundred thirty-three thousand six hundred sixty-five
(5,933,665). The total number of shares of Common Stock this corporation shall have authority
to issue is twenty million (20,000,000). The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.000!
per share and the Common Stock shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share.

B. The Preferred Stock. Three million six hundred thirty-three thousand six
hundred sixty-five (3,633,665) of the shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A
Preferred Stock,” and two million three hundred thousand (2,300,000) shares of the Preferred
Stock shall be designated as “Series B Preferred Stock.” The powers, preferences, rights,
restrictions, and other matters relating to the Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends.

a. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series
B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive on a pari passu basis annual dividends at the rate of
8% of the Original Issue Price (as defined herein) per share of Series A Preferred Stock or Series
B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, payable out of funds legally available therefor, prior and
in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Common Stock. Such
dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be
non-cumulative. The “Original Issue Price for the Series A Preferred Stock” shall be $0.4792
per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares)
and the “Original Issue Price for the Series B Preferred Stock” shall be $2.00 per share (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares). No
dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the corporation) shall be paid
on any shares of Common Stock of the corporation during any fiscal year of the corporation
unless and until a similar dividend on the Preferred Stock shall have been paid or declared and
set apart during that fiscal year.

b. In the event the corporation shall declare a distribution
payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the corporation or
other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights to purchase any such
securities or evidences of indebtedness, then, in each such case the holders of the Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though the holders of the
Preferred Stock were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the corporation
into which their respective shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed
for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.

2. Liquidation Preference.

a. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or
surplus funds of the corporation to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or the Common
Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount equal to (i) the Original Issue Price for the
Series B Preferred Stock plus (ii) all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon. If upon the

MP1:938057.5 2

occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series B
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid
preferential amount, then the entire assets and funds of the corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in
proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

b. After payment to the holders of the Series B Preferred
Stock of the amounts set forth in Article 4(B)(2)(a) above, the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets
or surplus funds of the corporation to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their
ownership thereof, an amount equal to (i) the Original Issue Price for the Series A Preferred
Stock plus (ii) all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon. If upon the occurrence of such event,
the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amount, then
the entire assets and funds of the corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed
ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to > the preferential
amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

c. After payment to the holders of the SeriesB Preferred
Stock of the amounts set forth in Article 4(B)(2)(a) above and payment to the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock of the amounts set forth in Article 4(B)(2)(b) above, the entire
remaining assets and funds of the corporation legally available for distribution, if any, shall be
distributed among the holders of the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock in proportion to the
shares of Common Stock then held by them and the shares of Common Stock which they then
have the right to acquire upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock then held by them.

d. For purposes of this Article 4(B)(2), Gi) any acquisition of
the corporation by means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization in which
outstanding shares of the corporation are exchanged for securities or other consideration issued,
or caused to be issued, by the acquiring corporation or its subsidiary (other than a mere
reincorporation transaction or an equity financing transaction primarily for capital raising
purposes) and pursuant to which the holders of the outstanding voting securities of the
corporation immediately prior to such merger or other form of corporate reorganization fail to
hold, in the same approximate proportions, equity securities representing a majority of the voting
power of the corporation or surviving entity immediately following such merger or other form of
corporate reorganization or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation,
shall be treated as a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation (each, a
“Liquidation Event”) and shall entitle the holders of Preferred Stock to receive at the closing in
cash, securities or other property (valued as provided in Article 4(B)(2)(e) below) in amounts as
specified in Article 4(B)(2)(a), Article 4(B)(2)(b) and Article 4(B)(2)(c) above.

e. Whenever the distribution provided for in this
Article 4(B)(2) shall be payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such
distribution shall be the fair market value of such securities or other property determined as
follows:

MP1:938057.5 3
(1) Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability covered by (2) below:

(A) if traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange or system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior
to the relevant date of determination;

(B) _ if actively traded over-the-counter but not on
The Nasdaq Stock Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale
prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the
relevant date of determination; and

(C) _ if there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by the corporation and the holders
of at least a majority of the then outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class;
provided, however, that if no such mutual determination can be reached, the valuation shall be
made by an appraiser of recognized standing selected by the corporation and the holders of at
least a majority of the then outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class. The
cost of such appraisal shall be shared equally by the holders of Preferred Stock and the
corporation.

(2) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as above in paragraph (1) to reflect the
approximate fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by this corporation and the
holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class.

3. Redemption.

a. At any time after the five (5) year anniversary of the date
on which a share of Series B Preferred Stock was first issued, after the receipt by this corporation
of a written request from the holders of not less than (i) in the case of the Series A Preferred
Stock, seventy-five percent (75%) of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, and (ii) in
the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, seventy-five percent (75%) of the then outstanding
Series B Preferred Stock, that all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock be
redeemed, and concurrently with surrender by such holders of the certificates representing such
shares, this corporation shall, to the extent it may lawfully do so, redeem all such shares by
paying in cash therefor a sum per share equal to Original Issue Price for such series of Preferred
Stock plus all declared or accumulated but unpaid dividends on such shares (the “Redemption
Price”). Such redemption shall occur as soon as is reasonably practicable, but in any event
within sixty (60) days of the receipt of the request by the corporation (the “Redemption Date’).
Any redemption effected pursuant to this subsection 3(a) shall be made on a pro rata basis among
the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Preferred Stock then
held by such holders. :

MP1:938057.5 4
b. As soon as is practicable, but in any event within thirty (30)
days of the receipt of the request by the corporation, written notice shall be mailed, first class
postage prepaid, to each holder of record (at the close of business on the business day next
preceding the day on which notice is given) of the series of Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at
the address last shown on the records of the corporation for such holder, notifying such holder of
the redemption to be effected, specifying (i) the Redemption Date, (ii) the Redemption Price,
(iii) the place at which payment may be obtained and calling upon such holder to surrender to the
corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, his or her certificate or certificates
representing the shares to be redeemed and (iv) that all outstanding shares of such series of
Preferred Stock shall be redeemed (the “Redemption Notice”). Except as provided in
Article 4(B)(3)(c), on or after the Redemption Date, each holder of shares of such series of
Preferred Stock shall surrender to this corporation the certificate or certificates representing
shares of such series of Preferred Stock, in the manner and at the place designated in the
Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the
order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof
and each surrendered certificate shall be cancelled.

c. From and after the Redemption Date, unless there shall
have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price, all rights of the holders of such shares
of Preferred Stock (except the right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates) shall cease with respect to such shares, and such
shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the corporation or be deemed to be
outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the corporation legally available for
redemption of shares of Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem the
total number of shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds which are
legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares ratably
among the holders of such shares to be redeemed based upon their holdings of Preferred Stock.
The shares of Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain outstanding and entitled to all the rights
and preferences provided herein. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the corporation
are legally available for the redemption of shares of Preferred Stock, such funds will
immediately be used to redeem the balance of the shares which the corporation has become
obliged to redeem on any Redemption Date but which it has not redeemed.

4. Voting Rights.

a. Voting. Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such
shares of Preferred Stock could be converted and shall have voting rights and powers equal to the
voting rights and powers of the Common Stock (except as otherwise expressly provided herein
or as required by law, voting together with the Common Stock as a single class) and shall be
entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the corporation.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from
the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each
holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being
rounded upward).

MP1:938057.5 5
b. Election of Board of Directors.

(1} For so long as shares of Series A Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect one (1) member of the corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or
removal of such director;

(2) For so long as shares of Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of a majority in interest of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the corporation’s Board of Directors at
each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the corporation’s stockholders for the election of
directors, and to remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the
resignation, death or removal of such director; and

(3) The holders of a majority in interest of the Common
Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the corporation’s
Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the corporation’s stockholders
for the election of directors, and to remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy
caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director.

5. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

a. Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such
share, at the office of the corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of
fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original
Issue Price for such share of Preferred Stock by the conversion price applicable to such share,
determined as hereinafter provided (the “Conversion Price”), in effect on the date the certificate
is surrendered for conversion. The price at which shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable
upon conversion of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Conversion Price”)
shall initially be the Original Issue Price for the Series A Preferred Stock. The price at which
shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion of shares of the Series B Preferred
Stock (the “Series B Conversion Price’’) shall initially be the Original Issue Price for the Series
B Preferred Stock. Such initial Series A Conversion Price and Series B Conversion Price shall
be adjusted as hereinafter provided.

b, Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price
for such share of Preferred Stock immediately upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the closing of the
sale of the corporation’s Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), with aggregate
proceeds to the corporation (before deduction for underwriters’ discounts and expenses relating
to the issuance) of which exceed $20,000,000 and at a public offering price per share that is not
less than two (2) times the Original Issue Price for the Series B Preferred Stock (as appropriately

MP1:938057.5 6
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or stock splits), (ii) the closing of any Liquidation
Event pursuant to which the aggregate consideration payable to the corporation’s stockholders
equals or exceeds the Minimum Threshold Amount (as defined herein) or (iii) the date specified
by written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock then
outstanding, voting together as a single class. For the purposes of this Section 4, the “Minimum
Threshold Amount” shall mean the sum of (A) $60,000,000 and (B) an amount equal to three
(3) times the aggregate proceeds received by the corporation from any equity financing
consummated by the corporation following the sale and issuance of the final share of Series B
Preferred Stock authorized pursuant to Article 4(B) hereof (not including the issuance of any
securities exempted from the definition of “Additional Shares of Common Stock” pursuant to
Section 5(f)(i)(D)@) through (VI) below).

C. Mechanics of Conversion.

(1) Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he or she shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the corporation or of any
transfer agent for such stock, and shall give written notice to the corporation at such office that
he or she elects to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in which he or she
wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. The corporation
shal], as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred
Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which he or she
shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such
shares of Common Stock on such date.

(2) If the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten offering of securities pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion may, at the
option of any holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the
closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event
the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall
not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of
such sale of securities,

d, Adjustments to Conversion Prices for Stock Dividends and
for Combinations or Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that this corporation at any

time or from time to time after the date on which a share of Preferred Stock was first issued shall
declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the Common Stock payable in Common
Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration, or shall effect a subdivision
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock
(by stock split, reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common Stock or
in any right to acquire Common Stock), or in the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be combined or consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of
shares of Common Stock, then the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to such event shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, be

MP1:938057.5 7

proportionately decreased or increased, as appropriate. In the event that this corporation shall
declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the Common Stock payable in any right
to acquire Common Stock for no consideration then the corporation shall be deemed to have
made a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of shares equal to the maximum
number of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire Common Stock.

e. Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If
the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the

same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Article 4(B)(5)(d) above or a merger or other reorganization referred to in
Article 4(B)(2)(c) above), the Conversion Price then in effect for any series of Preferred Stock
shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be
proportionately adjusted so such series of Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the
number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to
receive, a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion
of such series of Preferred Stock immediately before that change.

f. Adjustments for Issuance of Additional Equity Securities:

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this
Section 5(f), the following definitions shall apply:

(A) “Option” shall mean rights, options or
warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible
Securities.

(B) “Original Issue Date” shall mean, (i) with
respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, the date on which a share of Series A Preferred Stock
was first issued, and (ii) with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, the date on which a share
of Series B Preferred Stock was first issued

(C) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any
evidences of indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock. :

@) “Additional Shares of Common Stock”
shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 5(f)Gii) below, deemed to
be issued) by the corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock
issued or issuable:

(—D upon the conversion of shares of
Preferred Stock or as a dividend or distribution on the Preferred Stock;

(1) pursuant to the acquisition of another
corporation or entity by the corporation by way of merger, purchase of all or substantially all of

MP1:938057.5 8

the assets of the corporation, stock for stock exchange or other reorganization or recapitalization
approved by the Board of Directors of the corporation;

(HM) to officers, directors or employees
of, or consultants to, the corporation or a subsidiary under a stock option or other equity
incentive plan or agreement approved by and in a manner determined by the Board of Directors
of the corporation;

(IV) upon the closing of a public offering
of the corporation’s securities pursuant to the Securities Act;

(V) _ by reason of a dividend, stock split,
split-up or other distribution on shares of Common Stock for which adjustment is otherwise
made pursuant to this Section 5; or

(VID options or warrants to purchase
shares of capital stock, issued to financial institutions, strategic partners, vendors or lessors in
connection with commercial credit arrangements, equipment financings, strategic partnerships or
similar transactions approved by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment
in the applicable Conversion Price shall be made, unless the consideration per share (determined

pursuant to Section 5(f)(v)) for an Additional Share of Common Stock issued or deemed to be
issued by the corporation is less than the applicable Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and
immediately prior to, the issue of such Additional Shares.

(iii) Issue of Securities Deemed Issue of Additional
Shares of Common Stock. If the corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original
Issue Date for any series of Preferred Stock shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or
shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to
receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provision
contained therein designed to protect against dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such Options
or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of
the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of
business on such record date, provided that Additional Shares of Common Stock shall not be
deemed to have been issued unless the consideration per share (determined pursuant to
Section 5(f)(v) hereof) of such Additional Shares of Common Stock would be less than the
applicable Conversion Price in effect for such series of Preferred Stock on the date of, and
immediately prior to, the deemed issuance, or such record date, as the case may be, provided
further that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be
issued:

(A) No further adjustment in any Conversion
Price shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common

MP1:938057.5 9
Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities;

(B) If such Options or Convertible Securities by
their terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration
payable to the corporation, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof the applicable Conversion Prices computed upon
the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming
effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or
the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities;

(C) Upon the expiration of any such Options or
rights, the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options
or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Prices to the
extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities, shall be
recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and
convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise
of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise
of the options or rights related to such securities;

(D) No readjustment pursuant to clause (B) or
(C) above shall have the effect of increasing any Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds
the lower of (a) the Conversion Price in effect for such series of Preferred Stock on the original
adjustment date and (b) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock that would have
resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the original
adjustment date and such readjustment date;

(EF) In the case of any Options which expire by
their terms not more than 90 days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustments of the
Conversion Price shall be made until the expiration or exercise of all such Options issued on the
same date, whereupon such adjustment shall be made in the manner provided in clause (C)
above; and

(F) _ If such record date shall have been fixed and
such Options or Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefore, the adjustments
previously made in the Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be
cancelled as of the close of business on such record date, and thereafter the Conversion Price
shall be adjusted pursuant to this subsection 5(f)(iii) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance_of
Additional Shares of Common Stock. Subject to the provisions of Section 5(f)(i) above, in the

event the corporation shall at any time after the Original Issue Date for any series of Preferred
Stock issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 5(f)(iii), but excluding shares issued as a dividend or
distribution as provided in Section 5(d) or upon a stock split or combination as provided in
Section 5(e)), without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Conversion

MP1:938057.5 10
Price in effect for such series of Preferred Stock on the date of and immediately prior to such
issue, then and in such event, such Conversion Price shall be reduced concurrently with such
issue to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price
by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which
the aggregate consideration received by the corporation for the total number of Additional Shares
of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such Conversion Price and (y) the denominator of
which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued, provided that for
the purposes of this subsection 5(f)(iv), the “number of shares of Common Stock outstanding”
shall be deemed to include all shares of Common Stock then outstanding and all shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all then outstanding Preferred Stock.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the applicable Conversion Price shall not be so
reduced at such time if the amount of such reduction would be an amount less than $.01, but any
such amount shall be carried forward and reduction with respect thereto made at the time of and
together with any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any other amount
or amounts so carried forward, shall aggregate $.01 or more.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of
this Section 5(f), the consideration received by the corporation for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash and Property. Such consideration
shall:

; (1) insofar as it consists of cash, be
computed at the aggregate of cash received by the corporation, excluding amounts paid or
payable for accrued interest or accrued dividends;

(I) insofar as it consists of property
other than cash, be computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as
determined mutually in good faith by this corporation and the holders of at least a majority of all
then outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class; and

il} in the event Additional Shares of
Common Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the
corporation for consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so
received, computed as provided in clauses (I) and (II) above, as determined mutually in good
faith by this corporation and the holders of at least a majority of all then outstanding Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class.

(B) Options and Convertible Securities. The
consideration per share received by the corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock

deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 5(f)(iti), relating to Options and Convertible
Securities, shall be determined by dividing:

MPI:938057.5 11

(x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the
corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options
or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate
amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any
provision contained therein designed to protect against
dilution) payable to the corporation upon the exercise of
such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for
Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities, by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set
forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to
any provision contained therein designed to protect against
dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

No Impairment. The corporation will not, by amendment
of its Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Article 4(B)(5) and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock
against impairment.

h. Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of
each adjustment or readjustment of any Conversion Price pursuant to this Article 4(B)(5), the
corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance
with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate
executed by the corporation’s President or a Vice President setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based. The corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred
Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such
adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock at the
time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other
property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

i. Notices of Record Date. In the event that the corporation
shall propose at any time: (i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock,
whether in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and
whether or not out of earnings or earned surplus; (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the
holders of any class or series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or
other rights; (iii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock
outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or (iv) to merge or consolidate with or

MP1:938057.5 12

into any other corporation, or sell, lease or convey all or substantially all of its assets, or to
liquidate, dissolve or wind up;

Then, in connection with each such event, the corporation shall send to the
holders of the Preferred Stock: (1) at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of the date on
which a record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and
specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for
determining rights to vote, if any, in respect of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above; and
(2) in the case of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above, at least twenty (20) days prior
written notice of the date when the same shall take place (and specifying the date on which the
holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities or
other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event).

j. Issue Taxes. The corporation shall pay any and all issue
and other taxes that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common
Stock on conversion of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the
corporation shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested
by any holder in connection with any such conversion.

k. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares

of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the
Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any
time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to
effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the corporation will
take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purpose, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite
stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Certificate.

1. Fractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon
the conversion of any share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock
(including fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock
by a holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion
would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the
corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise entitled to such
fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date of conversion
(as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation).

m. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this
Article 4(B)(5) to be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if
deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at
his address appearing on the books of the corporation or, if sent by electronic mail, upon
confirmed receipt of such electronic transmission by its intended recipient.

MP1:938057.5 13
6. Protective Provisions.

a. So long as at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares
of Preferred Stock remain outstanding as of the Original Issue Date of the Series B Preferred
Stock, the corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders of at least (i)
two-thirds of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class,
and (ii) a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class:

(1) Effect a Liquidation Event;

(2) Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any
other equity security (including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity
security) senior to or on parity with the Preferred Stock in any respect;

(3)  Reclassify the preferences, privileges, rights,
powers or restrictions provided for the benefit, or increase or decrease the authorized number, of
any series of the Preferred Stock;

(4) Redeem, repurchase or declare a dividend with
regard to any security of the corporation (not including the corporation’s repurchase upon
termination of employment of capital stock granted pursuant to a stock benefit plan or agreement
approved by the Board of Directors);

(5) | Amend or repeal any provision of the corporation’s
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; or

(6) Increase or decrease the authorized number of
directors of the corporation.

7. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred
Stock acquired by the corporation by reason of purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be
reissued, and all such shares shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated from the shares which the
corporation shall be authorized to issue.

8. The Common Stock.

a. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of the holders
of all classes of stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of
the Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors,
out of any assets or the corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared
from time to time by the Board of Directors,

b. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the corporation, the assets of the corporation shall be distributed as provided in
Article 4(B)(2) hereof.

Cc. Redemption. The Common Stock shall not be redeemable.

MP1:938057.5 14
d. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock
shall have the right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of this corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE 5.

A director of the corporation shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability
(i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for
acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for
any transaction from which the director derived any improper personal benefit. If the Delaware
General Corporation Law is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article to
authorize corporation action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors then
the liability of a director of the corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as so amended.

Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article 5 by the
stockholders of the corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of
the corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE 6.

The corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by
statute, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

ARTICLE 7.

Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the
corporation shall so provide. The right to cumulate votes in the election of Directors shall not
exist with respect to shares of stock of the corporation.

ARTICLE 8.

The number of directors which shali constitute the whole Board of Directors shall
be fixed from time to time by, or in the manner provided in, the Bylaws or in an amendment
thereof duly adopted by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders or by resolution of the
Board of Directors.

ARTICLE 9,

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as
the Bylaws may provide. The books of the corporation may be kept (subject to any provision
contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be
designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the corporation.

MP1:938057.5 15

ARTICLE 10.

Except as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation, in furtherance
and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly
authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or all of the Bylaws of the corporation.

ARTICLE 11.

The corporation expressly elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law.

MP1-038057.5 16
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the corporation has caused this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Andrew T. Yang, its Chief Executive
Officer, and attested to by Warren T. Lazarow, its Secretary, on December 31, 2003.

APACHE DESIGN SOLUTIONS, INC.

By: /s/ Andrew T. Yang
Name: Andrew T. Yang
Title: Chief Executive Officer

Attest: /s/ Warren T, Lazarow
Name: Warren T. Lazarow
Title: Secretary

