"9571018
0S] 320 yw

FILED
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF in the office of the Secretary of State
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION of the Stete of California
OF OCT 02 2001

APERIO TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

a California corporation eC a
BILL JONES, Secretary of State

Dirk G, Soenksen and Kathleen D. Soenksen certify that:

L. They are the President and the Secretary of Aperio Technologies, Inc., a
California corporation.

2. Article IV of the Articles of Incorporation of this corporation is hereby
amended to read as follows:

IV

A. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be
designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock”. The
total number of shares which this Corporation is authorized to issue shall
be One Hundred Million (100,000,000); the total number of shares of
Common Stock shall be Sixty Million (60,000,000); the total number of
shares of Preferred Stock Shall be Forty Million (40,000,000).

B. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or
more series. The Board of Directors of this Corporation is hereby
authorized to fix or alter by resolution the rights, preferences, privileges
and restrictions of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, and the
designation thereof, or any or all of them; including the dividend rights,
dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of
redemption (including sinking fund provisions), the redemption price or
prices and liquidation preferences, and to increase or decrease (but not
below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number
of shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of shares of such
series. In case the number of shares of any series is so decreased, the
shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had
prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of
shares of such series.

3. The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of said Corporation.

4. The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the required vote of the shareholders of said Corporation in accordance with
Section 902 of the California Corporations Code, The total number of outstanding shares
entitled to vote with respect to the amendment was 7,200,674. The number of shares
voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage
vote required was more than 50%.

We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own
knowledge.
DATED: /0 /; /__ 2001.

N:\2\2095\54714\Trans\Art Cert of Amend D1 (1 648).doc
