en57118h :
FILED

LEAPEZL BRO in the Office the Secretary of Site

of the State of Calliomnia
CERTIFICATE OF DETERMINATION oct 10 2001
OF
SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES tL, pCO so
OF
APERIO TECHNOLOGIES. INC.
a California corporation
Dirk Soenksen and Kathleen Soenksen certify:
A, They are the President and Secretary, respectively, of Aperio Technologies, Inc., a

California corporation,

B. The authorized number of the Corporation’s capital shares is 100,000,000. of
which 60,000,000 is common shares (“Common Shares”) and 40,000,000 is preferred shares.
The number of preferred shares constituting Series A Preferred Shares (the series affected by this
Certificate of Determination and the resolution set forth below) is 8.250.000. No Series A
Preferred Shares have been issued.

C. Pursuant to authority granted by the Corporation’s Articles of Incorporation, the
following resolution has. been duly adopted and approved by the Corporation’s Board of
Directors,

Resolution of the Board of Directors

WHEREAS, the Articles of Incorporation of this Corporation provide for a class of
Preferred Shares, issuable from time to time in one or more series; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of this Corporation is authorized to determine or alter
the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to or imposed on any wholly unissued
series of Preferred Shares, to fix the number of shares constituting such series. and to determine
the designation of that series, or any or them; and

WHEREAS, this Corporation has not issued any Preferred Shares and the Board of
Directors of this Corporation desires, pursuant to its authority, to determine and fix the rights.
preferences, privileges and restrictions relating to the initial series of Preferred Shares, the
number of shares constituting such series and the designation of such series.

THEREFORE. BE IT RESOLVED. as follows:

1. Name of Series of Preterred Shares. The Board of Directors of this Corporation
hereby authorizes the original issue of a series of Preferred Shares which shall be designated and
known as Series A Preferred Shares, with the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions set
forth herein.

2. Number of Series A Preferred Shares Authorized. The number of Series A
Preferred Shares shall be Eight Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand (8.250,000).

3. No Assessments. The Series A Preferred Shares shal! be non-assessable.

4. Dividends. In each fiscal year of the Corporation, the holders of Series A
Preferred Shares (“Holders”) shall be entitled to receive before any cash dividends shall be paid
or set aside for the Common Shares in such year, when and as cash dividends are declared and
paid upon or set aside for the Common Shares in such fiscal year, by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation, out of funds legally available for that purpose. dividends payable in cash in an
amount per share for such fiscal year at least equal to the per share amount, if any, of any cash
dividend declared and to be paid or set aside for the Common Shares during such fiscal year.
multiplied by the number of shares of Common Shares into which each Series A Preferred Share
is then convertible. All dividends declared upon the Series A Preferred Shares shall be declared
pro rata per share.

5. Liquidation Preference.

(a) Initial Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation. dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary in involuntary, the Holders shall be entitled to
receive, whether from capital. surplus, or earnings, prior and in preference to any distribution of
any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock or any other shares ranking
in liquidation junior to the Series A Preferred Shares, an amount per share equal to Forty Cents
($0.40) in United States Dollars (subject to adjustment for any share dividend, share split,
subdivision or combination of shares), plus the aggregate of any declared and unpaid dividends
thereon. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the
holders of Series A Preferred Shares shall be insufficient to permit payment to the holders of
Series A Preferred Shares of the full preferential amount to which they shall be entitled, then the
assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution shall be divided ratably among the
Holders in proportion to the respective amounts which would be payable upon such distribution
in respect of the Series A Preferred Shares held by each of them if the preferential amount were
paid in full.

(0) No Subsequent Participation Upon Liquidation, Upon the completion of

the distribution required by Section 5(a) above, the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares shall
be entitled to no further participation in the distribution of assets of the Corporation and the
remaining assets of the Corporation shall be distributed among the holders of Common Shares
and any other classes or series of preferred shares of the Corporation in accordance with their
respective terms.

6, Pre-Emptive Rights.

(a) Grant of Certain Pre-Emptive Rights. Each Holder shall have the option.
but not the obligation. to purchase any future offerings of Common Shares, or any options.

2

CAWINNT Protifesiiwilloughby\Temporary Internet Files\OLK A0\Aperio Cert of Determ D8 (1648).doc
warrants, or other securities exchangeable for or convertible into Common Shares or evidencing
any right to subscribe for, purchase, or otherwise acquire Common Shares or securities
exchangeable for or convertible into Common Shares, which the Corporation may issue for cash,
evidence of indebtedness payable at sight. upon presentation or upon demand. or having a due
date of less then one year at the time of receipt by the Corporation. The portion of the securities
each Holder shall have the initial right to purchase in any issuance subject to this paragraph shal!
be in the same ratio of the tota] number of securities to be issued as the number of Common
Shares into which the Series A Preferred Shares shall be convertible and held of record by that
Holder bears to the total number of all Common Shares outstanding and the number of Common
Shares into which all of the Series A Preferred Shares outstanding would be convertible
immediately prior to such issuance.

(b) Excluded Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing. and without first
offering the same to the Holders, the Corporation may issue Common Shares or securities
exchangeable for or convertible into Common Shares as follows:

(1) in exchange for capital stock or indebtedness of the Corporation;

Gi) to fulfill or comply with any obligation of the Corporation to issue
Common Shares pursuant to any present or future stock option plan, stock purchase, bonus,
savings investment, or other employee benefit plan for the benefit of the employees, directors or
consultants to the Corporation or subsidiaries of the Corporation; or

(iii) upon conversion of any convertible securities, the issuance of
which was approved by the Holders of a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares. -

(c) Pre-Emptive Rights Procedures. After giving written notice of any
proposed issuance of securities to the Holders at their address or record on the books of the
Corporation and affording the Holders the opportunity to purchase the securities being offered
subject to this paragraph during a period of not less then ten (10) days after the date of giving’
such written notice, the Corporation may thereafter sell any of those securities that are not
purchased by Holders without further offering them to Holders.

7. Conversion. The holders of Series A Preferred Shares shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Conversion Events

— ) Election of Series A Preferred Shareholders. Each Series A
Preferred Share shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date
of issuance of such share at the office of the Corporation into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable Common Shares as is determined by dividing $0.40 by the Conversion Price in
effect at the time for such share. The initial Conversion Price per share shall be $0.40; provided.
however. the Conversion Price shail be subject to adjustment as set forth in subsection 7(c)
below.

3

CAWINNTProfiles\willoughby\Temporary internet Files\OLKAO\Aperio Cert of Determ D8 (1648).doc
ai) Automatic Conversion Events. Each Series A Preferred Share
shall automatically be converted into Common Shares, based on the Conversion Price in effect
for such Series A Preferred Shares, upon the first to occur:

(A} Written demand to the Corporation by a majority of the
then outstanding Series A Preferred Shares; or

(B) The consummation of the Corporation's sale of its
Common Stock in a bona fide, firm commitment underwriting pursuant to a filed and effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

(C) The consummation of a merger of this Corporation into
another business entity. provided this Corporation is not the surviving entity following such
merger; or

(D) The sale of substantially all of the outstanding shares of the
Corporation to a single purchaser or to any group acting in concert in connection with a single
transaction if such transaction is approved by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding
Common Shares.

(b) Conversion Procedures. Before any Holder shall be entitled to convert
Series A Preferred Shares into Common Shares, the Holder shall surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for
the Series A Preferred Shares, and shall give written notice by mail. postage prepaid, to the
Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state
therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are
to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such
office to such Holder, or to the nominee or nominees of such Holder. a certificate or certificates
for the number of Common Shares to which such Holder shall be entitled as aforesaid such
conversion shal] be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the
date of such surrender of the Series A Preferred Shares to be converted, and the person or
persons entitled to receive the Common Shares issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for
all purposes as the record holder or holders of such Common Shares as of such date. If the
conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of securities registered pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the conversion may, at the option of any Holder tendering
Series A Preferred Shares for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriter
of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive
the Common Shares issuable upon such conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares shall not be
deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred Shares until immediately prior to the closing
of such sale of securities.

(c} Adjustments to Conversion Price.
60) Adjustments for Dividends. Splits. Subdivisions. Combinations. or

Consolidation of Common Shares. In the event the outstanding Common Shares of the

Corporation shall be increased by stock dividend payable in Common Shares. stock split.

subdivision. or other similar transaction occurring after the filing of this Certificate of
4

CAWINNTProfijes\Iwitloughby\ Temporary Internet Files\OLKAQ\Apeno Cert of Determ D8 (1648).doe
Determination, the Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of
that event, be decreased in proportion to the percentage increase in the outstanding number of
Common Shares. In the event the outstanding Common Shares shall be decreased by reverse
stock split, combination, consolidation, or other similar transaction occurring afier the filing of
this Certificate of Determination, into a lesser number of Common Shares. the Conversion Price
then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of that event, be increased in proportion
to the percentage decrease in the outstanding number of Common Shares.

(ii) Adjustments for Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation
at any time, or from time to time, makes or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of

Common Shares entitled to receive any distribution payable in securities of the Corporation other
than Common Shares and other than as otherwise adjusted in this Article, provision shall be
made so that the Holders shall receive upon conversion thereof, in addition to the number of
Common Shares receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the Corporation that they
would have received had their Series A Preferred Shares been converted into Common Shares on
the date of that event and had they thereafter, during the period from the date of that event to and
including the date of conversion, retained those securities receivable by them during that period,
subject to all other adjustments called for during that period under this Article with respect to the
rights of the Holders.

(iii) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. If

the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares shall be changed
into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by
capital reorganization. reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of .
shares provided for above), the Conversion Price then in effect for the Series A Preferred Shares
shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of the reorganization or reclassification, be
proportionately adjusted so that the Series A Preferred Shares shall be convertible into, in lieu of
the number of Common Shares that the Holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a
number of shares of that other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of Common
Shares that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of their Series A
Preferred Shares immediately before that change.

(iv) Adjustments for Issuance of Certain Securities.

(A) The Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
(calculated to the nearest cent) from time to time if the Corporation shall issue any “Additional
Shares” (as defined below). The Conversion Price shall (except as otherwise provided in this
subparagraph 7(c)(iv)) be adjusted, concurrently with such issue, to equa! the following:

(D the number of Common Shares outstanding
immediately prior to such issuance of Additional Shares plus the number of Common Shares into
which ali other classes or series of securities of the Corporation are convertible and which are
outstanding immediately prior to such issuance of Additional Shares shal! be multiplied by the
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance. and the resulting product shall be
added to the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the Corporation upon such issuance of
Additional Shares; and

5

CAWINNT Profiles\iwilloughby\Temporary incernet Files\OLKAQUperio Cert of Deter D8 ¢ 1648).doe
(IY) the sum so obtained shal! be divided by the number
of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such issuance of Additional Shares plus the
number of Common Shares into which all other classes or series of securities of the Corporation
are convertible and which are outstanding immediately after such issuance of Additional Shares.

(B) No adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made in an
amount less then one cent per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be
made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be taken into accounting any
subsequent adjustment.

(C) No adjustment to the Conversion Price shall have the effect
of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to
such adjustment.

(D) Adjustments to the Conversion Price pursuant to this
subparagraph 7(c)(iv) shall cease in connection with (i) any offering of securities in which less
then eighty percent (80%) of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares fail to exercise their pre-
emptive rights under Paragraph 6 above and (ii) all offerings of securities by the Corporation
thereafter.

(E) “Additional Shares” shall mean any Common Shares or any
securities exchangeable for or convertible into Common Shares, except issuance of options or
other rights pursuant to any present or future stock option plan, stock purchase, bonus, savings
investment, or other employee benefit plan for the benefit of the employees, directors or
consultants to the Corporation or subsidiaries of the Corporation.

(d) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Articles
of Incorporation or any Certificate of Determination, nor through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good
faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 7 and in the taking of all such
action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the
holders of Series A Preferred Shares against impairment.

{e) No Fractional Shares: Certificate as to Adjustment.

(i) No fractional shares of Common Shares shall be issued upon
conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares. The Company shall. in lieu of issuing any fractional]
share, pay the holder entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to such fraction multiplied by
the then effective fair value of a share of Common Shares (as determine by the Company’s board
of directors, acting in good faith, whose determination shall be conclusive and binding).

(ii) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the
Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 7, the Corporation. at its expense, shall promptly
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and cause its chief
financial officer to verify such computation and prepare and furnish to each holder of Series A

6

3

CAWINNT\Profiles\iwilloughby\Temporary Internet Files\OLKAO\A perio Cert of Determ D8 (1648).doe
Preferred Shares a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the
written request at any time of any holder of Series A Preferred Shares, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder of Series A Preferred Shares a certificate setting forth (A) such
adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price in effect at the time, and (C) the number
of shares of Common Shares and the amount, if any. of other property which at the time would
be received upon the conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Shares.

(f) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Corporation of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any
right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other
securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shal! mail to each holder. at
Jeast 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such
record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and
character of such dividend, distribution or right.

g) Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes
(other than income taxes) that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of Common
Shares on conversion of Series A Preferred Shares: provided, however, that the Corporation shall
not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested by any holder in
connection with any such conversion.

(h) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at
all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Shares

solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred Shares
such number of its shares of Common Shares as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Shares; and if at any time the
number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Shares shall not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Shares, in addition to such
other remedies as shall be available to the holder. the Corporation will take such corporate action
as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Shares to such number of shares as shal! be sufficient for such purposes.

(i) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 7 to be
given to the holders of Series A Preferred Shares shall be deemed given five (5) days after it is
deposited in the United States mail, certified mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder
of record at his address appearing on the books of the Corporation.

8. Voting Rights.

(a) General Rule. Except as otherwise provided below, the holder of each
issued and outstanding share of Series A Preferred Shares shall be entitled to the number of votes
equal to the number of shares of Common Shares deliverable upon conversion of such Series A
Preferred Shares as of the record date on any and all matters presented to the shareholders of the
Corporation for their action or consideration. Except as provided below, or as to those matters

7

CAWINNT Profiles\iwilloughby\Temporary Internet Files\OLKAO\Aperio Cert of Determ D8 (1648).doc
Fe tA A EH em ee ee

required by law to be submitted to a class vote, holders of Series A Preferred Shares and holders
of Common Shares shall vote together as a single class. Except as provided below, with respect
to such votes, the voting rights of each share of Series A Preferred Shares, as if converted to
Common Shares, shall be equal to the voting rights of each share of Common Shares. Fractional
votes shall not, however, be permitted, and any fractions resulting from the above formula shal]
be disregarded in computing voting rights. A holder of Series A Preferred Shares shall be
entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

(b) Election of Directors. Commencing with the filing of this Certificate of
Determination and continuing at each annual meeting of shareholders thereafter, except as
provided in subparagraph 8(b)(ii) below, so long as Series A Preferred Shares remain
outstanding, the Holders, voting as a class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors of the
Corporation. Any director so elected shall hold office unti} the next annual meeting of
shareholders and may not be removed from the board except by a vote of the Series A Preferred
Shares, voting as a series. In the event any director elected under the provision of this section
8(b) is removed or resigns from the board of directors, a new director shall be elected by the
holders of the Series A Preferred Shares voting as a series, to serve on the board of directors of
the Corporation until the next annual meeting of the shareholders.

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holders shall elect only one (1)
director commencing the earlier of such time as {A) the Corporation shall sell additional capital
shares for aggregate cash proceeds in excess of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000), or (B) the
Corporation completes development of the ScanS cope product.

(c) Other Excluded Acts. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the right
of the Holders to vote on any of the folowing actions of the Corporation is hereby eliminated:

(i) the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Corporation not in,
the ordinary course of business of the Corporation;

(ii) any reorganization of the Corporation in which the Corporation is
not the surviving or acquiring entity.

9. Protective Provisions. In addition to any other tights provided by law. so long as
any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not take any action
which adversely alters or changes any of the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of
Series A Preferred Shares so as to affect such shares adversely without first obtaining the
approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of a majority of the then outstanding
Series A Preferred Shares.

10. Co-Sale. The Holders of the Series A Preferred Shares agree to participate in any
sale of substantially all of the outstanding shares of the Corporation to a single purchaser or to
any group acting in concert in connection with a single transaction provided that such transaction
is approved by a majority vote of the holders of Common Shares and holders of Series A
Preferred Shares (as if converted to Common Shares) voting together as a single class.

8

C.AWINNT Profifes\Iwilloughby\ Temporary Internet Files\OLKAO\Aperio Cert of Determ D8 (1648).doc
11. Status of Redeemed or Converted Stock. In the event any Series A Preferred
Shares shall be redeemed or converted, the shares so converted or redeemed shall be cancelled
and shall not be issuable by the Corporation, and this Certificate of Determination shall be
appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized
number of Series A Preferred Shares.
In witness whereof, the undersigned have executed this Certificate on fo //___,
2001.

VERIFICATION

The undersigned, Dirk Soenksen and Kathleen Soenksen, respectively the President and
Secretary of Aperio Technologies, a California corporation, each declares under penalty of
perjury that the matters set forth in the foregoing certificate are true of his own knowledge.

Executed at Carlsbad, California on 4 Crp her- /, 2001.

C:\Documents and Settings\Administrator\My Documents\Aperio\Agreements\Dako\Final Agreements\Aperio Cert of Determ D4 (1648) - filed
100101 .doc . .

10.
