217 aie)
ES ST COPY _ AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES GRINCORPORATIO ‘

APERTO NETWORKS, INC.

8 California Corporation
The unidersigned, Brian Deutsch arid Miles Mochizuki, hereby certify that:
ONE: _They are’ the duly. elected and acting President and Chief Executive Offi ver and 4

Interim. Chief Financial Officer and Secrotary. respectively, of Aperto Networks, Inc., 4

PRG: The: Articles of Incorporation of. said Corpo ration are amended and restated to

‘ed in full 5 follows: eT, a : . . :

. ARTICLE! :
The name of the Corporation i be Apetto, Networks, Inc. (the “Corporat tion”).

ARTICLE, it
‘The purpose of se Corporation.is to” engag® in any lawfui act or activity for which a ,
Corporation may he organized under the Geréral Corporation Law of California other than the
banking butiness, the trust company business or thé practice ofa profession permitted to be
incorporated Sy the Califomia Corporations Code.

ARTICLE IH
A. CAPITALIZATION.
1. Humber of Shaves. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of,

shares to be. designated, respeciively, came Stoek par vahie 0.001 per share (“Commen’
Stoc ck”) and Preferred Strek (Preferre Stock”). The total numbe r of shares which the

c orporation is aul rorized to is sue i is 143, 389, 162 shares. Upon the filing of th

“Effeath f aaee } are Corporahion’s Series B-1 |
saail be ounbined, rev wd and changed it into. one- twentieth of one {O05} sha .
C “OrpOr raion's Cominon Stock and (ii peach ou tanding share of. the Corporat .
Preierrod Stock shall be combined, i aged into one-twentiath

Bae bas

| upon ‘the Series B-1/A-] Conversion. Whether or. nit. fractional shares Wor wld have bée 2 ‘issuable
upon the Series B-1/A-1 Conversion (but, for the preceding sentence) § shall be determined on a
class: byeclass' and series-by-seriés' ‘basis based on ‘thetotal riumber of shares of Comtion’ Stee :
and Series B-1 and Series A-l Preferred Stock held | by each holder as of the Effective | ‘ime: Tn
Hew of- any fractional interests in shares. of Common Stoke. fo which any. shareholder would

o numbers have e been

recapitaliz vations: or «the like, a-
respect to such ‘shares, (sgethen, J
preferential amounts t 9° “be, paid .
wide? This’ Seétion Tay" ial! ¢ nent before:
for payment of any-amount for; or the s distribution of any ‘assets of i ihe Corporation t
of the Series A Preferred and Common Stock in-connection with any such Liqui dation £ bvent ff
the assets or'pre perty to be distributed are- insufficient to. permit the ‘payme: oiders : of. ANG
Series C Preferred and Series, B Preferred their aggregate. Series C/B. Liqtidation Preferences"
then the: entire-assets and property legally available for distribution shall be distributed ing ably
among the -holders of the Series: C: Preferred: anid ‘Series B .Profe fred in. proportion “te the
preferential amount cach such | holder is otherwise eatitled io reveive under this Section Ia}.

Popes eee ‘

|
. (b) Series A ‘Liquidation Preference After the payment or the setting
apart for payment to. the holders: of, the Seri Series:C Preferred: and. Series B. Preferred required. by.
paragraph ( (a) of this Section , the holders of the Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive,
priorto and in preference. to any, distribution of any. of.the assets or; property of the Corporation .
_ to the-helders of thé Common: Stock by reason oftheir. ownership thereof, an amount per share
equal to $3. 04s. for each. outstanding: sharé- of Seiies. A: Prelened, then held DF thent | ns .

1

bet appropri ly. a

et hel oof 0 be distribu are
sof the Series A. Preferred thei aggregate § Series: A

- ‘officers, ‘direstors’or - consultants: of the Corporatio ‘oF its $  icidierice' ipo ‘termination ‘of tidir
employment o or: services pursuant fo. an. agreement providing J the Hight of such. epee.

rn by: the Carsarati ion in ‘eon ction with the: separehasé of F shates 6 of Cam ion: Stock i issue bd 6
or. held by em ploy ees or consultants upon ténhination of theiremployment or i services pufsuant

to: agreements beiween the Corporation and such pe rsons Pro! viding: for'the Corpe: ration” S: right of
said rept urchase. po

4

(). Deemed Liquidation. For purposes ‘of this S eetion 1, a Liquidation

Event “shall ba “decried 10 “hay ecuiTed upon. ahd’ to include: ay: a. ‘liquidation, dissolution

vejharse,

winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or fot, Gi) the sale; lease, assignment, transfer,
Cony NES ELS of ibe

veyance, disposal or exclisive Heensing of. all or substantially ail of the
Corporation, (other: than’ a: ‘pledge. of as assets’ of: ‘grant’ of: security interest therein tova -commercial
lender | in connection with a customary commercial Tending of similar transa action), oT Gi the

verger, combination with or into or consolidating of the Corpora hon with any other corporation,
muted ability company or other entity (or. group of cory porations, limited | lability corspanies © or
other entiites (other than aw holly-owned subsidiary ef the corpor sion) or the consummation of

any other transtction’or seties of related transactions in which mdré than fifly’percent (80%) of.

“|
:
|

ran
}

t
Sand
'

eerie A ae

~ among. Such: shareholders): or, (iii)-an: vequity: financing 1 in.which,the,Co

the voting power of the Corporation is issued, transferréd or otherwise disposéd cf; provided that
this Section 1(¢) shall not apply to (i). a merger, effected exclusively, for. the: purpose of changing |

“S. the domicile of the Corporation, (ii) a transaction: in which’ the: shareholders of the Corporation
immediately prior, to. the. transaction: own, Goicly: in-respect of their equity’ interests in the.

Corporation prior to, the transaction) 50%: or. more: of the. voting power. of the: surviy ing or
acquiring “corporation: following: the trérisaction:in substantially. the same relative’ percentages. (as
ration, is the Surviving
particular’ ansaction Gr series ‘Of

corporation; anu, provided, further, that the treatment of any

related t tre nsactions asa liquidation, dissolution:or winding up ofthe Corporation may be waived
by the’ Vote or’ ‘written corseiit:of the: holders ot: A. niajority “of f the ‘outstanding Preferred’ Stock,
7 Avotin as to ether as.a single class:on an es-converted | to: ‘Common Stock basis).

Bis gt sty ete

Cotiversion Sion Riehl. we The: holders, of the: Preferred Stock shall ‘have

io Price pate to, such share, determine as. f s hereafter «provided | in effect one:
rf ital Conversion Pri ice opers hare shal 3 fe

‘Series A. Preferred (the- iSeries A. Conversion ‘Price’ ee “The fe") an Conversion Price for
each, uch Sexies_of Preferred. Stock, Shall be su Diet fo. Adjusiment as: set forth i ‘ip Section. Ata).

below.

ot) -Aglomatic Conversion.

oO (i) Initial Public Offs fering. ‘Each share of Préferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion: Price
applicable to, each such series ¢f Preferred Stock upon the closing (the “Clesing”} of-a firm
commitment unidefwritten publ ¢€ offering | pur stant to aut effective t registration statement! bridet-”
Co ‘oinmor mn Stock. for the acount of the > Compotati tion to the public tan ‘oftes ing price to the public
36. 09. per share (as approptiately adjusted forany: ‘Recapitalizationy and-in. which the
aggregate” gross’ proceeds received’ by the Corpcration (prior: to deduétion of Underwriting

PUSSIONIS and expenses} equals or exceeds $20, 000,000 (the “Initial Offerieg™). In the

event of such an offering, the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
coriversion of the Preferred S: tock shail not be deemed to have converted such referred Stock

unl the Ch OSING.

ae | Share holder, Yotes Fac! Sbare of Preferred Stock shall

t
:
applicable’ te. each such serics of Preferred Stock upori the affirmative v ote or action by written”

consent Pursuant’ to Séctidn’ 603" of the California’
‘than sixty percent (60% 0) of the then’ outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as-a

single class’and-on an as-converted, to’ Common: ‘Stock basis.” In the event of. such-an vote or!

action by Written Consent, the person(s) entitled to receive

“Ubtl writer & idence’ of s such Vote: oi
Corporation i is received by the Corporation.

“Wa the. event that any.

“Special Mande Mandatory. yConversion.
ses HOt participa rere

} of the Quulifed
3 Prete Sie ck: held
y ly, and without: any’ frer action: on the part h bolder, be.
ire of. ect in immedi iately, 4.0L,
na tive upon, s8 iNest to; and concurrent!
ii ofthe fi fal lasing: of the Qualities fr inancing ng. (Sal Ginal closing t

defined be ne of such. Rolder ‘shall’ bet aaeregated With ‘stick kolder’
Securiti¢s:pirchased by A fiiliates' of'such holder shall be aggregated with the Offered’ Securities.
- purchias ed b Such. holder. (provided: that. no.shares or securities shall be attributed to more ihan’
one entityo: “person “within any: such: group of affiliated entities or persons). Such conversion is:

~ Feferred to as’ a “Spécial. Mandatory Conversion.”

O. Procedural. Requirements: Upon a Special

Mandatory: Coniversi on, each, holder of shares of Preferred Stock.converted pursuant to Section,
2b iit) shall be sent written notice - of suet Special Mandat ory. Convérsioa ‘and the: place
designated for.mandatory conversion of all such shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this.
setion 2(6)- Upon’ receipt of such notice, each Kolder.of such, s hares of Preferred Stock: shalt:
surrender his, her or its-certificate or ¢ certificates for all such shares (or, if such holder alleges:
that Such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate: Tr idavit and agreement.

ad

reasonably:acceptable. td the Company to-inderinily:the Com i“ ny dgainst an y clainy thar‘mey bei

made against the Company on account of the alleged loss, the® or destruction of such certifie eatey

parry

io ihe Company at the place designated in ‘such notice if so required &

criificates, surrendered. fi ior conversion shall be endorsed ox - accompanied by ¥
tr

or instruments of t: aasitr, a rom satisfactory to the e Conmpany, duly execuied

ho ce :

holder ee by ms, her or 5 attorn By duly. gathori ized in: WTLUN. All : rights Wy ah respect io ft ie
Vre.crred Slock converted pursuant 10 Section Z{b), inchwing ine fants, nee i receive HOt

*

and oie © fot th er "than 2 holder of C Common St ck), will terminate atthe thmne of the Sp

arn! atta tha fart % rae Persiytes oven af ty mr
SiOn ANGI insiand un ed the failure of the holder or holders thereof Ta Surrey

‘Corporations Code: of the holders of wredter

thé Common Stock issuable upon such °
cont ‘erTsion. of the. Preférred Stock. shall. not. be. deente. ‘to have converted. such Preferred. Stock’
‘action by: Written consent reasoiiably satisfactory to the”

s “ehares? ‘and. ait Offered’
the certific ates for stich shates: at or ‘pitor. to. ‘sich time), except. only: the rights’ of stich h olders’ to: -
- recgive:the items provided: for;in the. next sentence. of this Section: 2(b)GiI}C) upon. surrender of - a
theiz certificate” of certificates ‘therefor. (of lost certificate affidavit ‘and, agicement): AS’ soon 88
practicable. after: the Special. Mandatory Conversion and the: surrender. of ‘the. certi ificate or
certificates (or lost certificate affidavit’ ari -agteément): for Preferre d. Stock. so :conyerted, the
Compas aay” ‘shail: issue and: deliver to such. holder, “OF to: his, het or. ‘its nominees, a certificate or .

a (B) “Offered Securities” shall.mean 7,389; 162

fi een million dollar et 5, ( }; 000) specified by the Beard/as.available for’ ‘purchase. by. holders:
of cistatiding sharis of Preferred Stéck. in connection with 4 Qualified. Financing, and offered: to.
such holders oe

oO “Pro Rata Amount” shal mean, ” the
product obtained by. multiplying $10, 600,000 by the quotient obtained by’ dividing (x) the
number: of: shares of the Company’s: Series: Preferred: Stock;: Series: D/Preterred: Stock: and. -
Séries E. Preferred Stock held by. a sharsholder of the Company as of March'l, 2908 by Cy) the.
ictal number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stee ck and Serie es ED
Preferred Stock outstanding-as of March 1, 2008; provided, however, that ifa shareholder held

aly shares of the Company's Common Stock as of March |, 2008, then their Pro Rata Amount
is equal to one half of the dollar amoun?: invested in the Com pany between April i, 2008 | and
Novem ez 7, 2008,

degieeate ‘Original Issué Price of approximately: *
(DY “Qualified Financing” shall mean cany
transaction involving the issuance or sale of Series C Preferred Stock that results-in at least seven’

million one hundred sixty-seven thousand six hundred and Any. one dollars ST, 167,651) in; ni EFOSS: vos

proceeds to, the Company: from all closings thereof. = “ . . i

. (1) ‘Options’ shall mean any t rights, “options or warrants
10 gubséribe ‘for, puichase Or otherwise acquirs either Com unon Stock, Preferred Stock: or
, Gonvi rtible Secunties (defined be slow).

the fist share of the Series © : Preferred & was fi rst issued.

(3) ‘Convertible Securities’ shall mean ar ny y evicenet of
inde been ss shares othe r then the Common Stock, and Pretecred S ock) ) or othe _ Seen ries

Fs

nurchase the he me
| (4) ‘Additional Shares of Comiion Stock? shali méan’.
all shares of C Common. Stock: issued (or, pursuant to: Section. 2(d)(ii), deemed to be issued). by the: .
Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than:

: (A) - shates: of Commori ‘Stock C issttble
upon .¢ conversion ef the Preferred Stock i inte Common Stock; " |

os @) wp to 9, 000, Goo shares ‘of Common
Stock or Options for. Common Stock (as app roptiatels Ly adjust ed for any Recapitalization) i issuec
to offiders, ‘directors: and employees, of, and ‘corisultants to, ihe Corporation or any.subsidiary:
_ pursuant to stock purchase. Gr, stock. option plans or > similar | arrangements or agreements, or such _

larger umber ras: may: by- ‘approved by: either the ‘Board of Directors ‘of the Corporation’ (the ~~

“Board of Directors”) of thé Ldlders of at least sixty” ‘péréent (60%) of the Preferred: Stock:

a oe as. a Singles class on an eon to Common: Stock basis), such approval specifically

bject't to: ‘adjustnient pursuant to: thes? Amended and.

shares of Common Stock issued: or.

. upon the ¢ exercise of. Options granted to: underw riters in connection with ¢ the Initial Offering; ”

oe, etree AD), ; 7 shares. of Commoa Stock iggned’s -
dividend’ ‘Or: distribution ¢ on a Preferred: Stock “or” any event for whic adjustment is made  purstiant
to: Section 2), {Eh (f) or (g g) hereof,

ae

_ a ey shares of Coitinion Steck: issusd: or
issuable pursuant to the: ‘exercise, of Options’ or. Convertible” Securities, in each | CASE, as
outstanding on or prior to the Ongi inal Issue Date; . a
Stock or Preferred Stock or Options to purchase e shares of Common Stock 0 or: 1 Preferred § tock in

cohnection, with business far eudtis involving the Corporation, aiid third + parties, (exeh luding

substantially all. of the. Corporation's properties, and. 3 assets: fo any. other. person ora. sinilar cane,
transaction) where the prineipa al purpose of such transaction is not equity fi iaticing, in each case
as any proved by the Board uf Directors; or

a @ "shares of Preferred Stock and
Common Stock issued pursuant to the Series C Preferred Stock Purchase / Agreement dated on
Novemnbér 8; 2008, as such agreeinent may be amended Homie! to time. :

cesn Ter gee oe, (H) . Deemed Issuance of Options and C
the Corporation at any time or from time to time afler the Original Hissne Da ale
‘ ibie pectirities or fixes a record date for the deter: on of heiders 59
securities entitled to receive any Options or Convertible’ Securitiss, then the muximgn mA umber of
shares (as set forth in the instrument relating ihereto and aSsuming ihe satisfies etion ofa
inline i as | iO the ¢ exercisability or convertibility of such Options or Convertible: Securities,
tion, the passage of appheable periods of ime and the satisfaction of ail

mo

shares: ‘of Common Stock issued -oF issu) Boe
applicable, contingencies) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Opiions or, in the
“case of “Convertible: Securities and Options therefor; the: conversion. or
Convertible Securities, shall be deémed to be Additional. Shares of Comt

n Stock issued as of

“the time-of such issue.or,in case’a: record date: has been fixed; as of the.close.cf business.on such /.

‘record. date,

to the contrary: notwithstanding, (A) n0 adj istment to the app licabie Conversion Price of any
Series. of Preferred Stick’ shall be: made in: Fespect. of thé ‘issuance of Additional Shares of

minon St ok in in the event thet hol ders at at ‘at

Be
fort
rota
ia
ee
Bo.
CO
By
ee:
ye
ay
Bl
g
ti:
‘oO:
oty
Pad
We:

Yo

Conversion Prive. Upon. Issuance of

be-( (x) the number: Of. shares of Comfnon Stock. outstanding: immediately’ prior to such: issue: ar
deemed issue: “plus the number of shares. of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration |

(ii) No: Adjustment of: Conversion: Price; “Any: ‘Drovision herein... -

Comtion Stock: sional, the: consideration’ per. atte {iter pursuant to Section ng) wes

“feb eet ts

Inthe: event.the Corporation issues ‘or is deemed to have i
, Stock witnout consideration ¢ or fOr a. consideration Fer =

rice for each series. of Preferred Stock, be) y a frac tion; ihe numerator 1 of which ‘shall Ae

exchange: ofusuch.<° -

ely prior 10; eich i issue, ‘an id (B) : bad
sion, Pace of any y series of Preferred Stock shall be- made --

. received: by: the: “Corporation for the total. iuinber-of:Additioiial Shares; of Common: Stock sa. 6...

issued, or deemed.to be issued would. purchase: at the: Series. C Conversion: Pricesin effect

uniediately prior to such issuance; and the denoitiinator of which shall be (y)-t!
shares of Common Stock outstaxiding itnfiediately: priorte Stich isshe Or deemed issue -plus the.
‘umiber of: such. Additional Shar of. Common Steck:so issued. For the. purpose: of the above.
‘eal ledilatio ; the: mumaber of shares of Common Stock Ouifstandiiig. iniinediatély prior to sucht i5sue *
Shall be calculated on a fully.diluted i basis, as if ali, shares cf Preferred Stock and all outstanding

he.number of in

Cony ertible.. Securities - and Options had been fully converted, exercised or. exchanged, ag 7

appl icable, i mmeédiately prior to such issuance {and the resulting ‘Securities fully converted inte | °
oti Stock, if so convertible) as-of such date, but not: including: in such calculation a

shares of Com
any. Additional, Shares. of, Coftunon. Stock: issuable. with: Tespéct to shares ot Preferred Steck
Convertible Securities, or Options solely: as a result of the adjustment of the Conversion Price of
the applicable series of Pre ferred Stobk resulting from the issuance of the Additional shares of
Commen Stock causing the adjustment in gu uesuon.

“ Determination tion of Consideration. For _pushoses af ihe
operation of Section 2(@), the consideration received (or deemed to !

case of Options and ¢ Conver Secu) by the Corporation for the issue of f any Additiona al
Ss! OAPOS G if ‘Com Ori. Slfock hail.

tigenhy.
aint
ot,
vd

= Resonpaaon of Adi ustment.s AS a. 1 Result of. Changes an

(¥ iii) Revomputation of Ac of Adjustment. as @ Result of Ex xpiration of of
Options or Conversion, Upon expiration of any Options or any rights of conversion or exchange
under’ ‘Corivertible Securities that have not been exercised or converted, the applicable
Conversion, Price for such.series. of Preferred Stock.computed upon the original: issuance. or .
deemed issuance, thereof, and..any, subsequent . adjustments. ‘based thereon, shall each’ be-
recomputed, upon. 5: uch expiration as.if-(a) in the.case of Convertible Securities. or Options for
Common: Stock, the. only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were shares of Common -

tock, if any, actue iliy issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of

aed ae Cen me we fe ee

Fy
vat
2
’

without a proportional ‘adjustment to ie series: of ‘then | outstanding ‘Preferred Stock, ‘the
applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such Recapitalizati on, be” proportionately increased. The provisions of
this Section, 2(e)(i) shall. similarly apply to successive: subdivisions or combinations of ithe.
outstanding shares of Common: Stock... “= :

ii) - Ad djustments for ‘Other Distributions In the event the

“Corporation at’ any" tine or from ume to time makes or fixes a record date for the determi: ehton

'

-il- = :
of. holders of Common Stock eniitled’ to: receive: any distribution payable in séciitities ‘of the -
‘Corporatio on. other: than: ihe 6 dtstanding shares: of. Common: Stock, then and’ in each sucht event,.

adjustment. of ‘the applicable Conversion Price ‘for such series of Preferred Stock't then in effect
o the number of shares purchasable upon: conversion of the Preferred Siock) shall
plicable after that ev rent as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(g) No Fractional Shares and Certificate a $ to ‘Adjustments,

(1) No fractional shares shall be iss sued upon the ¢ conversion of

anv’ share or r stiarés’ off any series of Preferred Stock TA lieu Of fractional sifares, the’ Cotporation

1
|

_i2-
will pay cash in an amount equal to. the fair value of suc ch: fractional shares, based on the fair

market’ value of the shares of Common Stock, as determined: in, good faith | by the Board of © |
Directots, as of the time whén those wWho.would otherwise bé entitled to-receive such fractional: »
shares is determined. The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined oO

on the basis of the total number of shares of any‘series'of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time:

. converting into Cottimon Stock:a and the number of sharee-of Common Stock. issuable upon's ‘such
_, aggregate conversion. _

Gi) ‘Upon the octurrencé 4 of Gach: adjiistmeiit or _ readjusted of

‘the applicable Conversion: Price for such series of Pre ses Stock Purse to this Settion 2, the. ;

based.. "The ¢ orporation. shal cae ihe writt sider:

ecu HY

"Notices of Revord Date. epee Aci ion. a. In eae

eho tio any feclassification ‘or Fecapitalization of: the puke stock: of “the Corpor tion of an any

consolidation or merger involving the. Corporation and:any other person or any: transfer ofvall.or’

Substantially, all the, assets: of the. Corporation. to any, other person. or: (©) any: voluntary - ot

to each. holder. of Prefered: ‘Stock a notice: waiting (i) the date or or ‘expected ‘date on. n which aily-

such record is.to be taken for the'purpase of such dividend, distribution or right; dnd. the amount

and character of such dividend, ‘distribution or right, and, (ii) the date or ‘expect ted date’on: vihich.

such reorganization, réclassification: recapitalization, ‘éonsolidation,.1 merger, transfer, dissolution,

liquidation: or wiriding- “Up‘is to: take place:and the time; if any: such time isto be fixed, As of.

which the holders. of record of Common’ Stock (or-cther ‘sectirities) s shall be entitled.to exchange.

- their:sHarés of Common Stock (or‘other securities) for the: seciitities or other property: ‘deliverable:
upon. such reorganization, reclassifi cation, recapitalization, consolidation, merger, transfer,
dissolution, mauidetion: or y svinding: “up: Suchr notice shall be. mailed, at least 15 days’ prior to: ‘the

- date: therein: Specified: ¢ ces nehe Boy tip repeat OE

mene gee _ — _G) _...Reservation of. of Stock ssuable tion Conversion, The € Ce arporation

shall Lat all times reserve a and | “Keep aval ailable out of its authorized but unissued shares of C common

- Stocks: solely. for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the. shares of the Preferred Stock,

such. nuniber of j its shares of Cormimoii Stock as shall from timé to time be sufficient to” effect the
conversion of all outsta anding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Co mmon Stock: shall not be suffici ient to effect the conv ersion
of all then outstanding shares of the i Preferred Stock, in addition te such other remedies as. shall

“4

Tr tetas eee inte
be available io. the. holder of such, Preferred Stock, the’ Corporation will take auéh. corporate: .
Tp action as mays | in the: ‘opinion. of its: counsel, be: necessouy t to. increase: ats, authorized’ but unissued:

‘
5
wy

t

© Corporation (the Common Dirssior at each: elem or. specia
“othe. purpose: “Of: electing directors or pursuant’ to. each consent:of the, e Corporation's

i Other Board Seats: The holders of: shares of the outstanding
Common. Stoe k and, Preferred § ock (Voting together ds 4 single class on an as-converted to
‘Common ‘Stock basis) shall be entitled to elect the remaining directors, if any;-of the Corporation:
(the “At Large Directors”) at each annual or special meeting of the shareholders for the: purpose

_ of electitig. of directors: or pursuant to edch ‘consent of the Corporatiori’s shareholders: for the.
election of directors... Sea oe |

+ Dividend Ri Rights.

ia) The holders of the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred;
+ Series: Preferred:and Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets, :
legally. available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment < of any div idend .
(payable other than in Common Stock-or- in. other securities: and. rights convertible into. or... ..
entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or. indirectly; ; additional shares of Common Stock
of the Corporation) on the Common Stock of the Corpotation, at: the rate’of $0.1625 per ‘share (as
“adjusted: forany: Recapitalization). perantiunit on éach” olitstanding: shate: of Series.€ Preferted, . .
Series B Préferred: and Series A’ Preferred (thes. “Preferred Stock Dividend” Preference’’),~
pavable: quarterly when, as and:if declated by the Board of Directors: Such-dividends:shall. not
be cuthulativearid no: fight shall acctue | to holders of: Séries c Préfertéd; Series-B- Prefered: ore
_ Series, & Preferred. by. reason of the-fact that, dividends c on, n such, shar en not, declared or paid i in:

Preferred Stock Protect've Provisions, In additien.to any: other ae
- ee Srporation: Shall not, Without first: obtaining the: affirmative vote ‘or:
e holders: of not:less than-sixty percent (60%) of: ihe then:outstanding st hares’
n ata single class onan -2s-conve od 10. C onimon Steck basis: 7

. ae “alter; chatige or: waive the ‘rights, preferences: ‘OF privileges
“or ‘restrictic ons provided for rhe benefi t of the Preferred: Stock; 4

i.

(iy authorize: or désignate, whether by: ‘reclassification OF
otherwise; any. securities having any: preference. over; ‘Or being on Parity with, the Series c.
+ Preferred; Series’ B Preferréd " 6F Séries’ A Pisteited,” sete tenteantnanry sate nner na fen

sient ant ap

(i). redeein or tepiirchase any. st shares of its capital stock,- ‘except .
upon repurchase of shares of Common Stock, from directors, officers, employees and consultants

repurchase and repurchase. of shares of Common § Stock i in exercise of the: corporation’ ‘5 right ee
. first. relpgal | to repurchase such shares, a a |

\
o&) crease or 2 dbereas ths number of authorized directors;, 4
af

wees eid . og Jon. -authorize. a inerger, (other. than, a ; parent-subsidiary merger

and any merger éffected for internal. reorganization ‘plirposés. or to ‘change the Corporation’s
domicile) or any Liquidation Event; whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise:

'
fl

(vi) sell, convey, encumber, out-license or otherwise dispase of
ail or substantially all of the Corporation’s asse ts fo any third party, whether by merger,
consolidation er other nvise:

,

poet

Lay
1

Code) to the fullest exte Ris get eh under! Califoriia law: aiid Subject only to appl licable limits

r

set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations Code with respect te'actions for breach of
duty to the Corporation and its shareholders.

1
t
'
'

Cc. REPEAL OR MODIF Ic N LION: Any repeal or imodification of ihe. foregoing, | .

provisions of this Article [V shall not adversely affect 2 ny right of ind emnification of limitation —

_ of ability ofa director Of the Cotporation relating to acts of omissions occurring prior to such
modification, os : , . |

em gnal eee Vesey

pacremedegientansteate enema migra yrarteiebe earner tighedi ten

cea Mae as Me ithe Bese Te ee enrcec

The undeisigned tentify: vinder ‘penalty of. pedjury’ that they have. read the foregoing |
certificate and know. the contents thereof, and that the. contents ¢ are true of their own knowledge.

we : hoe ttre

nF fort

| Ba ahs sons

.

Pe
