in the office of He Sesretary of Sta!
of the State of Californa
OEP 2 & 006
AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF

APERTO NETWORKS, INC.
a California Corporation
The undersigned, Eran Pilovsky and Elias J. Blawie, hereby certify that:
ONE: They are the duly elected and acting Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
and Secretary. respectively, of Aperto Networks, Inc., a California corporation.
TWO: ‘the Articles of Incorporation of said Corporation are amended and restated to
read in full as foliows:

ARTICLE I
The name of this Corporation is Aperto Networks. Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE II

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
Corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Califomia other thar the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of g profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code. ~

ARTICLE IH
A, CAPITALIZATION.

1. Number of Shares. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of
shares to be designated, sespectively, Common Stock (“Common Stock”) and Preferred Stock
(“Preferred Stock”). The total number of shares which the Corporation is authorized to issue is
623,415,852 shares. Upon the filing of these Amended and Restated Ariicles of Incorporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of California (the “Effective Time”), (i) each outstanding
share of the Corporation’s Series A Preferred Stock shall be combined, reclassified and changed
into one share of the Corporation’s Common Stock; and (ii) each outstanding share of the
Corporation's Series B Preferred Stock shall be combined, reclassified and changed into one
share of the Corporation’s Common Stock (such combinations, reclassifications and changes
with respect to the Corporation’s Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, collectively. the “Series
A/B Conversion”). No fractional shares of the Common Stock sha!l be issued upon the Series
A/B Conversion. Whether or not fractional shares would have veen issuable upon the Series A/B
Conversion (but for the preceding sentence) shall be determined on a class-by-class and series-
by-series vasis based on the total number of shares of Common Stock and Series A and Series B
Preferred Stock held by each holder as of the Effective Time. In lieu of any fractional interests
in shares of Common Stock to which any shareholder would ctherwise be entitled pursuant

SV 2228215 yo
herete, such shareholder shall be enutled to receive a cash payment equal to the amount
determined by the Board of Directors to be the fair value of a share of Common Stock multiplied
by such fraction. A! below listed numbers in this Amended and Restated Articles of
Incerporation have been adjusted for the Series A/B Conversion.

2 Number of Shares of Commor, Stock. The number of shares of Common
Stock which the Corperation is authorized to issue 1s 355.000.000 shares.

3. Number of Shares of Preferred Stock. The number of shares of Preferred
Stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 268,415,852, 56.004 ,064 of which are
hereby designated as Series C Preferred Stock (the “Series C Preferred”). 70,411,788 of which
are hereby designated as Series D Preferred Steck (the “Series D Preferred”) and 142,000,000
of which are hereby designated as Series E Preferred Stock (the “Series E Preferred”).

B. PREFERRED STOCK.

The relative rights. preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the
Preferred Stock and tlie helcers thereof are as set forth below.

lL. Liguidation rights.

(a) Series E Liquidation Preference. In the event of any voluntary or
ins oluntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation (or the
deemed ocer rence of any such event pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 1) (any such
event, a “Liquidation Event’), the holders of the Series E Preferred shal! be entitled to receive,
prior to and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or property of the Corporation
to tne holders of the Series C Preferred. Series D Preferred and Common Stock by reason of their
ownership thereof, an amount per share cqual to $0.5362 for each outstanding share of Series E
Preferred then held by them (as appro; ..ately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations, reclassifications, recapitalizations or the like, a “Recapitalization”), plus all
deciared and unpaid dividends with respect to such shares (together, the “Series E Liquidation
Preference”). All of the preferential amounts to be puid to the holders of the Series E Preferred
under this Section | (a) shall be paid or set apart for payment before the payment or setting apart
for payment of any amount for, or the distribution of any assets of the Corporation to, the holders
of the Series C Preferred. Series D Preferred and Common Stock in connection with any such
Liquidation Event. If the assets ur property to be distributed are insufficient to permit the .
payment to holders of the Series F Preferred their aggregate Series E Liquidation Preference, the
entire assets and property legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of the Series E Preferred in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive under this Section I(a).

(b) Series D J.iquidation "reference. After the payment or the setting
apart for payment to the holders of the Series E Preferred required by paragraph (a) of this
Section 1, the holders of the Series D Preferred shall be entitled to receive. prior to and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets or property of the Corporation to the holders of
the Series C Preferred and Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per
share equal to $0.280 for each outstanding share of Series D Preferred then held by them (as

apprepriately adiusted ser any Recapitalization}, plus ail declared and unpaid dividend. with
respect to such shares (together, the “Series D Liquidation Preference’). All of the preferentia!
amounts to be paid to the holders of the Series D Preferred under this Section 1(b) shall be paid
or set apart for payment before the payment or setting apart for payment of any amount for, or
the distribution of any assets of the Corporation to, the holders of the Series C Preferred and
Common Stock in connection with any such Liguidation Fvent. If the assets or property to be
Jistitbuted are insufficient to permit the payment to holders uf the Series D Preferred their
aggregate Series D Liquidation Preference, and the distribution to the holders of the Series E
Preferred has been satisfied in full as required by Section 1(a) above, the entise assets and
property legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the
Series D Preferred in proportion to the preferential amount each suct holder is otherwise entitled
to ieceive under this Section 1(b).

(c) Junior Series D/Series FE. Liquidation Preference. After the
payment or the setting apart for payment to the holders of the Series E Preferred and Series D
Preferred of the respective Series E Liquidation Preference and Series D Liquidation Pref nce
required by paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section |, the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock
and Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior to and in preference to any
distribution of any of the assets or property of the Corporation to the holders of the Series C
Preferred and Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to
(1) $0.07 for each share of Series D [referred then held by them (as appropriately adjusted for
any Recapitalization) and (ii) £0.26&! for each .hare of Series E Preferred 1en heid by them (as
appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) (collectively, the “Junior Series D/E
Liquidation Preference”). Al] of the preferential amounts to be paid to the holders of the
Series D and Series E Preferred Stock under this Section i{c) shall be paid or set apart for
paymeri before the payment or setting apart for payment of any amount for, or the distribution of
auy assets of the Corporation io, the holders of the Series C Preferred and Common Stock in
connection with any such Liquidation ivent. Ifthe assets or property to be distributed are
nisafficient to permit the payment to hoiders of the Serics D and Series E Preferred Stock iheir
1espective apgregate Junior Series D/E Liguidation Preference, and the distribution to the holders
of the Serics E Preferred and Series D Preferred has been satisfied in full as required by Sections
i(a) and 1(b) above, the entire assets and property legaily available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of the Series D and Series E Preferred Stock in proportion
io (ie preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled io receive under this Section
i(c).

(d) Serics C Liauidation Preference. After the payment or ie setting
- 4part for payment to the holders of the Series E Preferred and Series D Preferred of the

respective Series E Liquidation Preference, Series D Lijuidation Preference and Junior

Series D/E Liquidation Preference required by paragraphs (a), (6) and (c) uf this Section 1, the
holders of the Series C Preferred Steck shali be entitled tu receive, prior to and in preference to
any distribution of any of the assets or property uf the Corporation to the holders of the Common
Stock bv reason of their Ownership thercof, an amount per share equal to $0.2674 for each share
vi Scricy C Preferred then heid by them (as appropr ately adjusted for any Recapitalization) (the
“Series C Liquidation Preference’) Al! of the prelerential amcunts to be paid te the helders of
the Series C Preferred Stock under this Section |(d) shall be paid or set apart for payment before
the payment ¢7 setting apart for payment of anv amcunt fer, or the distribution of any «assets of

'
Vand
'
she {orporation to, the helders of the Cominon Stock in connection with any such Liquidation
Event. Ifthe assets or property to be distributed are insufficient to permit the payment to holders
or the Series C Preferred Stock their aggregate Series C Liquidation Preference, and the
distribution to the he:ders of the Series F. Preferred and Series D Preferred has been satistied in
ful! as required by Sections Ia). [(b) and 1(c) above, the entire assets and property legally
available fur distribution shall be distributed ratabiy among the bolders of the Series C Preferred!
Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled lo receive
under chis Section Id).

(e} Remaining Distibuuen. After the payment or the setling apart for
aayment to th: hoiders of the Preferred Stock required by paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this
Section |, the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation lugaily available fur disiributior. if
any, shall be distributed ratably to the then holders of outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock
and Common Stock of this Cerporation (on an as-converted into Common S:ock basis).

(f} Exception for Certain Distribviions to Employees and Consultants.
As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the California Corporations Code, the provisions of
Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code shall not apply with respect to
rzpurchase by the Corporation of shares of Curnmon Stock issued to or held by employees.
afiicers, directors or consultants of the Corporation cr its subsidiaries upon termination of their
employment or services pursuant tu an agreement providing for the right of such repurchases.
Each holder of an outstanding share of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for
purroses of Section 502 and 503 of the Generat Corporation Law cf California. to distributions
made by the Corporation in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to
or held by employees or consultants upon iermination of their employment or services pursuant
to agreements between the Corporation and such persons providing for the Corporation’s righ. of
said repurchase.

(g) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section !, a Liquidation
Event shall be dezmed to have occurred upon, and to include (i) a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or not, (ii) the sale, lease, assignment, transfer,
conveyance, disposal or exclusive licensing of all or substantially ali of the assets of the
Corporation (other than a pledge of assets or grant of security interest therein io a commercial
lender in connection with a customary commercial lending or similar transaction). ar (iii) the
merger, combination with or into or consolidation of tne Corporation with any other corporation,
limited liability company or other entity (or group of corporations, limited liability companies or
other entities (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the ccrporation) or the consummation of
any other transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of
the veting ower of the Corporation is issued. transferred or otherwise disposed of; provided that
this Section 1(g) shall not apply to (i) 2 merger effected exclusively for the purpose o: changing
the domicile of the Corporation, (ii) a transaction in which the shareholders of the Corporation
immediately prior to the transac: on own (solety in respect of their equity imeres's in the
Corporation prior to the transaction} 50% or more of the voting power of the surviving or
acquiring corporation following the transaction in substantially the same relative percentages (as
among such shareholders) or (ili) an equity financing in which the Corporation is the surviving
corporation; and. provided, further, that the treatment of any particular transaction or series of
related transactions as a liquidation, dissolutior: or winding up of the Corporation may be waived
ee?

by the vote or written consent of the holders of s majority of the outstanding Preferred Stock
(voting together as a sing!e class on an as-cenvered to Common Stock busis).

2, Conversion Right:. The holders of the Preferred Stock shai] have
conversion nghis as follows (tne “Conversion Rights”):

(as Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be
conv: tible, without the payment of any additional consideration by the holder thereof and at the
option of the holder thereof, al any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of
this Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock inio such number of’ fully paid and
nonassessable sha-es cf Common Stock as 1s determined by dividing (i) $0.4148 (as
appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) in the case of the Series C Preferred, (ii) $0.280
(az appropriately adjusted for any Receapitalizaticn) in the case of the Series D Preterred and (iii;
$0.5262 (as appropriate ly adjusted for any Recapitalization) in the case of the Series E Preferred
Stock by the Conversion Price applicable to such share. determined as hereafter provided, in
effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial Conversion Price per
snare shall be (i) $0.4148 tor shares of Series C Preferred, (ii) $0.280 for shares of Series D
Preferred and (ii, $0.5362 for shares of Series E Preferred. The applicable Conversion Price for
each such series of Prefered Stock shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 2(d)
below.

(b) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Initial Public Offering. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted inic shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price
applicable to each such series of Preferred Stock upon the closing (“Closing”) of a firm
commitment underwritten pudlic offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act of 1933, 1s amended, (the “Securities Act”) covering the offer and sale of
Common Stock for the account of the Corporation to the public at an offering price to the pubi:c
of at least $1.0724 per share (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) and in which
ithe aggregate gross proceeds received by the Corporation (prior to underwriting commissions
and expenses) equals or exceeds $25,000,000. In the event of such an offering, the person(s)
entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shal!
not he deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock untii the Closing.

(ii) Shareholder Vote. Each share of Series C Preferred shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price -
applicable to eaoh such series of Preferred Stock upon the affirmative written election or
agreement of the holders of greater than fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred, voting together as a sepdrate class. Each share of Series D Preferred shail
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price
applicable to such series of Preferred Stock upon the affirmative written election or agreement of
the holders of greater than fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding shares cf Series D
Preferred. voting as a separate class Each share of Series E Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price applicable to such
series of Preferred Stock upon the affirmative written election or agreement of the holders af
ereater than eighty percent (8C*%5) of the then outstanding shares of Series E Preferred, VOUINE AS

'
‘am
'
asepurity class, In the event of such an cicction, the person(s) entided to receive the Cornman
Stock issuable upen such conversion of the Preferred Siock shail not be deemed to have
converted such Preferred Stock until written evelence of such slecdion Gr agreement reasonably
satisfactory ithe Corporation is rece;ved by die Corporation.

(ec) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Freferred Stock
shail be entitled to convert the same inte shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2a), of
promptly foliowing the conversion of a holder's Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 2(b), as
applicable. such holder shall (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed.
at the office of this Corporation cr of anv transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or {B) notify tne
. Orporation er its transter agent that such certificate ar certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and execule an agreement reasonab'y satisfactory lo the Corporation to indemnify the
Corporation from any loss incurred in connection wiih suck certificates, and shall give written
notice by mail, postage prepaid, to this Corporation at its principal curporate orfice, of suci
conversion and shall state therein the name cr names in which the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock are to be issued. This Corporation shall, as soun as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at uch office to such helder of Preferred Stock. or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate cr certificates for the number of share. of Common Stock
io which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid together with cash in lieu of av fraction of a
share, Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made (i) in the case of a conversion
effected pursuant to Section 2(a), immediatels prior to the close of business on the date of such
surrender of tne shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, (il) in the case of a convvrsion
effected pursuant to Section 2(5)(i), upon the Closing, and (iii) in the case of a conversion
effected pursuant to Section 2(b)(ii}, upon the receipt by the Corporation of written evidence of
such conversion, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of
such shares of Common Stock on such date. If the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten public offering of securities registered nursuant to the Securities Act, the
conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be
conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such
offering. in which event the persons entitled to receive the Comnion Stock upon conversion of
the Preterred Stock shall not be deemec' io have converted such Preferred Stock unti! the
Closing.

(c) Adjustmenis to Conversion Price for Certain Dilutive Issuances.
G) Special Detinixions For purposes of this Section 2. the
. following definitions shail apply:

ti) ‘Options’ shall mean any rights, options or warrants
to subscribe for, purchiase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock, Preferred Stock or
Convertible Securities (defined helow}.

(2) ‘Onginal Issue Date’ shali mean the date on which
tne first share of the Series E Preferred was first issued.
(3) ‘Convertible Securities’ shall mean any evidence of
indebtedness, shares (other than the Common Stock and Preferred Stock) or other securities
ecnvertible into or exchangeable for Comunon Stock, including, but not limited to, warrants to
purchase the same.

(4) ‘Additional Shares of Common Stock’ shall mean
al’ shares of Conimon Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 2(d)(ii), deemed to be issued) by this
Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than.

(A) shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock into Common Stock;

‘B) shares of Common Stock or Or.ions for
Common 3tock issued to officers. directors and employees of, and consultants to, tnis
Corporation or any Suvsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or similar
arrangements or agreements approved by :.. cast 70% of the members of the Board of Directors
of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”).

(C) — shares of Common Stock issued as a
dividend or distribution on Preferred Stock or any event for which adjustment is made pursuant
to Section 2(d), (e), (f) or (g) hereof;

(D) shares of Commce.. Stock issued or issuable
pursuant ta the exercise of Options or Convertivle Securities, in cach case, as outstanding on or
prior to the Original Issue Date;

(E) the issuance of shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock or Options to purchase shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock in
conjunction with bank or other borrowings and equipment or other leasing transactions, in each
case as app. oved by at least 70% of the members of the Board of Directors;

(F\ shares of Common Stock issued in
connection with strategic transactions involving che Corporat.on and other entities, including
joint ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution arrangements or technology transfer or
development arrangements, in each case as approved by at least 70% of the members of the
Board of Directors; or

(G) _ shares of Series E Preferred issued upon
terms approved by at least 70% of the members of the Board of Directors.

(ii) Deemed Issuance of Options und Convertible Securities. If
the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date issues any Options
or Convertible Securities or fixes a record date > he determin. n of holders a! any class o!
securities cniutled to revetve any Opuons or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of
shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto and assuming the satisfaction of all
conditions as to the exercisability or convertibility of such Options or Convertible Securities.
including without limitation, the passage of applicabie periods of titne and the satisfaction of all
applicable contingencies) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercises of such Options or, in the

~2
case of Cenveruble Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, shail be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of
the time of such issue or. in case a record date has been fixed, as of the close of business on such
recerd date,

(iii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein
‘o the cantrary notwithstanding, (A) no adjusument to the applicable Conversion Price of any
st.tes ot Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of
Common Sicek unless the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section 2(d)( v)
hereof) for an Additional Share of Common Stock issued by the Corporation is less than the
Series E Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to. such issue, (B) no
adjustmen: to the Series C or Series D Conversion Price shal] be made in respect of the issuance
of Additional Shares of Common stock in the event that holders of at least 20% cf the issued and
outstanding s‘iares of Series C Preferred Stack and Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class (on an as-converted to Common Stock basis), waive the adjustment provisions of
this Seciion 2(d) and (C) no adjustment to the Series E Conversion Price shall be made in respect
of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common stock in the event that holucrs of eighty percent
(89%) of the issued and outstanding shares of Series E Preferred waive the adjustment provisions

of this Section 2d).

(v) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of

Additional Shares of Common Siock. In the event this Corporation issues or is deemed to have
issued Additional Shares of Common Stock without consideration or for a consideration per
share less than the Series E Conversion Price as last adjsted and then in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, then and in any such event, the applicable Conversion Price for
such series of Preferred Stock shall be reduczd. concurrently with such issue, to a price
(calculated to the nearest one hundredth cent) determined by multiplying the applicable
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock, by a fraction, the numerator of which shal]
be (x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue or
deemed issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration
received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so
issuea or deemed to be issued would purchase at the Series E Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issuance, and the denominator of which shall be (y) the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue or deemed issue plus the
number of such A.dditional Shares of Common Stock so issued. For the purpose of the above
calculation, the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue
shall be calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all shares of Preferred Stock and al! outstanding
Convertible Securities and Options had been fully converted, exercised or exchanged, as
applicable, immediately prior to such issuance (and the resulting securities lly converted into
shares of Common Stock if so convertible) as of sock dot Sat not including - 7
any Additional Shares oi Common Stock issuable with respeci to shares of Preferred Stuck.
Convertible Securities, or Options solely as a resuit of the adjustment of the Conversion Price of
the applicable series of Preferred Stock resulting from the issuance of the Additional Shares of
Common Stock causing the adjustment in question.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of th:
ererauon of Section 2(d), the consideration received (or deemed to have been received in the

-8-
case of Options and Convertible Securities) by the Corporation for the issue of any Addiiional
Shares of Common Stock shall:

(1) to the extent it consists of cash, be computed as the
aggregate amount of cash paid before deducting any reasonable brokerage or underwriting
commissions or similar expense paid or incucted by the Corporation for the issuance and sale of
the securities:

(2) to the extent it consists of property other than cash,
be computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue or deemed issuance, as determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors; and

(3) if Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both. be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (1) and (2) above, as determined in goad faith by the Board of Directors.

(4) for Options and Corvertible Securities, be the sum
of the values of (x) the cash and property to be paid to this Corporation for the issue of stich
Options and Convertible Securities, if any, and (y) the cash and property payable to this
Corporation upon the exercise in full of such Option or the full conversion oi such Convertible
Securities, if any.

(vi) Calculation of Per Share Amount. The number of
Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued upon the issuance or deemed issuance
of Options or Convertible Securities shall be the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise in fuli of such Option or the conversion in full uf such Convertible Securities
as sei forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein
for a subsequent increase in the aumber of shares issuab!= or decrease in the arnount of
consideration payable upon the exercise, conversion, ur exchange thereof.

(vii) Recomputation of Adjustment as a Result of Changes in
Options or Convertible Securities. If an Option or Convertible Securities by their terms
provides, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payabie to
this Corporation or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise,
conversion, or exchange thereof. the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred
Stock computed upon the original issuance or deemed issuance thereof, and any subsequent
adjusuments based thereon, shul] each be recomputed, upon any such change becoming effeciive,
to reflect such change insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange
under such Convertible Securities (provided however that no such adjustment of the Conversion
Price of the applicable series of Preferred Stock shall affect Common Stock previously issued
upon conversion of the applicable series of Preferred Stock).

(viii) Recompuiation of Adjustment as a Result of Fxpiration of
Options or Conversion. Upor expiration of any Options or any rights of conversion or exchange
under Convertible Securities that have not been exercised or converted, the apolicable

Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stack computed upon the original issuance or

deemed issuance thereof. and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall each be
recommnted, upon such expiration, as if (a) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for

 Stoch, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were shares of Common
vock. if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration
actually received by this Corporation for the issuance of all such Options, whether or not
exercised, plus the consideration actually received by this Corporation upon such exercise. or for
the issuance of all such Convertible Securities that were actually received by this Corporation
upon such exercise, or for the issuance «f all such Convertible Securities that were actually
converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually received by this
Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and (b) in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities. only the Convertible Securities. if any. actually issued upon the exercise thereof wre
issued at the time of issuance or deemed issuance of such Options, and the consideration
received by this Corporation for the Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been
then issued was the consideration actually received by this Corporation for the issuance of all
such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration deemed to have been received by
this Corporation upon the issuance of the Convertible Securities with respect to which such
Options were actuaily exercised.

(ix) Limitation on Readjustments.

(i) Readjustment of Conversion Price. No
readjustment pursuant te Section 2 hereof shail have the effect of increasing the applicable

Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock to an amount that exceeds the lower of (8)
the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred S*>ck immediately before the
issuance or deemed issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities or (b) the app!icable
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Steck that would have resulted from any issuance
of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the date immediately before the issuance or
deemed issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities and such readjustment date.

(2) No Adjustment Upon Issuance of Shares Deemed
Outstanding. No adjustment in the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred
Stock shall be made upon the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if such
shares are already deemed issued at the time of issuance.

(e) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Certain Events.

(i) Adjustments for Stock Splits or Combinations of Common
Stock. In the event-the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by anv
Recapitalization) into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, without a proportivnal
adjustment to the series of then outstanding Preferred Stock, the applicable Conversion Price for
such series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveriess of such
subdivision. be proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be combined (by ary Recapitalization). into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock.
without a proportional adjustment to the series of then outstanding Preferred Stock. the
applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock then in effect shail. concurrently
with the effectiveness of such Recapitaiization, be proportionately increased. The provisions of

-10-
this Section 2/eW?) shal! similarly apply to successive subdivisions or con.winations of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(ii) Adjustments for Oiner Districutions. In the event this
Corporation at any time or from time to time makes er fixes a record date for the determination
of holders ef Common Stock entitled to receive any distribution payable in securities of this
Corporation other than the outstanding shares of Conunon Stock, then and in each such event.
provisions shall be made so that the holders of Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion
. thereof, in addition to the number of shares of Common S‘ock receivable thereupcn, the amount
of securities of this Corporation which they would have received had their sespective Preferred
Stock been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafier,
during the period from the date of such event to and including the date of conversion, retained
such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, subject to al! other
adjustments called fur during such period under this Section 2 with respect to the rights of the
nolders of the Preferred Stock. The provisions of thi: Section 2(e)(ii) shall similarly apply to
successive distributions to the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(iii) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and
Substitution. If 2 Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any series of the Preferred Stuck
shal! be changed inte the sare or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of
stock, whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision
or combination of shares provided for in Section 2(€)(1) or (ii) 2vove), the applicable Conversion
Price for such series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of
such reorganization or reclassification, be propurtionately adjusted such that the respective
Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock
which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of sucn
other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number '-f shares of Commun Stock that would
have been subject to receipt by the holders upor conversicn of the respective Preferred Stock
immeuiately betore that change.

(f) Reorganization. Mergers, Consolidations, or Sales of Assets. If at
any time or from time to time there shall be a capital reorganization of the Common Stock (other
than a subdivision. combination, reclassification, oi exchange of shares provided for elsewhere
in this Section 2) or a merger or consolidation of thic Corporation with or into another
Corporation, or the sale of all or substantiall- all o: this Corporst!on’s properties and assets to
any other persen, then, as a part of such reorganization, snerger, coasolidation, or sale, provision
shall be made so that the hol¢ers of the then outstanding ser:::s of Freferred Stock shall thereafter
be enutled to receive upon céi:version.of the then cutstanding scries of Preterred Stock, the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of this Corporation, or of the succe_sor
corporation resulting from such merger or consolidation or sale, io which a holder of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Preferrsd Stock would have been entitle: on
such capital reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale. In any stich case, appropriate
adjustment shal! b: made in the application of the provisions of this Section 2 with respect to “he
rignts of ine holders o° the theu outstanding series of Preferred Stock after the :eorganization,
merger. consctidation, or sale to the end that the provisi<-ns of this Section 2 (cluding
adjustment of the aypticable Conversion Prize for suci. series of Preterred Stoc:: then in effect

and the number of snares purchasable upon conversion of the Preferred S:ock) shall be
applicable afie: that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(g) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the corve rsion of
any share or shares of any series of Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the Corporation
will pay cash in an amcunt equal to the fair value of such fractional shares. based on the fair
market value of the shares of Common Stock, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Direciors. as of the time when those who would otherwise be entitled-to :eceive such fractional
shares is determined. The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shat! be deter:nined
on the basis of the total number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock the holder is att) ¢ time
converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable udon such
aggregate conversion.

(11) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment cr readjustment of
the applicabie Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 2, this
Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a
certificate certified by the Corporation's Chief Financial Officer setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based. This Corporation shall. upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred
Stock, finish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (1) such
adjustment and readjustment. (i1) the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred
Stock at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if
any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the co.version of Preferred
Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date, Corporaie Action. In the event of: (a) any
taking by the Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securitics for the purpose of

determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or
any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any
other securities or property, or to receive any other right, (b) any capital reorganization of the
Corporation, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock of the Corporation ot 2iy
consolidation or merger involving the Corporation and any other perscn or any transfer of : ‘i or
substantially all the assets of the Corporation to any other person, or (c) any voluntary ur
involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation, the Corporation will ric”
to-each holder of Preferred Stock a notice specifying (i) the date or expected date on which...
such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the aiuoun.
and character of such dividend, distribution or right, and (ii) the date or expected date on whic
such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, consolidation, merger, trausfer, dissoiut.
liquidation or winding-up is to take place and the time, if any such time is to be fix zd. as of
which the holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled io exchanp.
their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for the securities or other property delveral.’-
upon such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization. consolidation, merger. transter,
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Such notice shall be mailed at Jeast 15 days tror to the
date therein specified.
(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. This Corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep availatle out of its authenzed but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose vf effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preterred Stock; and if at any time the number of
cuthorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall
be available :o the holder ef such Preferred Stock, this Corporation will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose
including, without limi ation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval
Gf any necessary amendment to these articles.

3. Voting Rights.

(a) Generally. Except as otherwise required by ‘aw, each holder of
any shar» of Common Stock issued and outstanding shall lave one vote for cach outstanding
share of Commo: Stock held, and each holder of any shares of Preferred Stocx issued and
outstanding shal! be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock into which such respective shares of Preferred Stock could be converted, as adjusted from
time to lime in accordance with Section ? hereof, at the record date for determination of the
shareholders entitled to vote on such matters, or, if no such record date is esi: blished, at the date
such vote is taken or any written consent of shareho!deis is solicited, such votes to be counted
together with all other s’ eres of stock of this Corporation having generai voting power and not
separately as a class. Fractional vcies shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting
right: resulting from the above formula (: fter aggregating all shares into which shares of
Preferred Stock held by ¢ach holder could be converted) shal! be rounded to the nearest whole
number (one-half and greater being rounded upward). Holders of Common Stock and Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to notice cf any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the By-laws of
this Corporation. All holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote with the holders of
Common Stock on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders, except those required
nereunder or by law to be submitted to a class vote and except as provided in Section 3(e) below
with respect to the election of directors by the separate class vote of the holders of Common
Stock.

(b) Series C Preferred Board Seat. As long as ai Jeast 19,100,000
shares of Series C Preferred (as appropriately adjusted for any }.ecapitalization) remain
outstanding, the holders of the outstanding saares of Series C l’referred (voting together as a
separate class) shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of this Corporation at each annual
rieeting of the sharéholders for the purpose of electing directors or pursuant to each consent of
this Corporation's shareholders for the election of directors (the “Series C Preferred
Wirector’).

eo) Series D Preferred Board Seat. As long as at least 14,000,000
shares of Series D Preferred (as appropnatc'y adjusted for any Recapitalization) remain
outstanding. the holders of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred (Olng together as a
separate “lass) shall pz entitled to elect one (1) director of this Corporation at each acinual

-i3-
meeting uf the shareholders for the purpose of electing directors or pursuant to each conseni of
this Corporation's shareholders for the ciection of directors (the “Series D Director").

(d) Series E Preferred Board Seats. As iong as at least 18.650,000
shares of Series E Preferred (as appropri*vely adjusted for any Recapitalization) remain
outstanding. the holders of the outstanding shares of Series E Preferred (voting together as a
single class on an as converted to Commun Stock basis) shall be entitled to elect two (2)
directors of this Corporation at each annual meeting of the shareholders for the purpose of
electing directors or pursuant to each consent ofthis Corporation's shareholders for the election
cf directors (the “Series E Directors” collectively with the Series D Director and series E
Directors, the ‘Preferred Directors”).

(e) Commoa Board Seats. The holders of the outstanding shares of
Cominon Stock (voting separately as a class) shal] be entitled to elect two (2) directors of this
Corporation (the “Common Directors”) at cach annual meeting of tiie shareholders for the
purpose of electing directors or pursuant to ¢ach consent of this Corporation’s shareholders for
the election of directors.

(f) Other Board Seats, The holders of shares of the outstanding
‘‘ommon Siock and Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis) shall be entitled to elect the remaining directors of this Corporation (the
“At Large Directors”) at each armua! meeting of the shareholders for the purpose of electing of
directors or pursuant to each consent of this Corporation’s shareholders for the election of
directors.

4. Dividend Rights.

(a) The holders of the outstanding shares of the Series E Preferred
shal! be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legaliy available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock
or in other securities and rights convertibie into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly
or indirectly, additional shares of Common Sicck of the Corporation) on the Common Stock or
the Series C Preferred or Series D Preferred of the Corporation, at the rate of $0.0429 per share
(as adjusted for any Recapitalization) per annum on each outstanding share of Series E Preferred
(the “Series E Dividend Preference”), payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board
of Directors. Such dividends shall not be cumulative. and no right shali accrue to holders of
Series E Preferred by reason of the fact that dividends on such shares are not declared or paia in,
any prior year.

(b) After paying the Series E Dividend Preference, the holders of the
cutstanding shares of the Series D Preferred shall be entitled to receive dividends, uut of any
assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any
dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or in other securities and rights convertible into
or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly. additional shares of Common
Stock of the Corporation’ on the Common Stock or the Series C Preferred of the Corporation, at
the rate of $0.0224 per share (as adjusted for any Recapitalization) per annum on eacr
Gutstanding share of Series D Preferred (the “Series D Dividend Preference’), payable
quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such dividends shall not be
cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of Series D Preferred by reason of the fact that
dividends on such shares are not declared or paid in any prior year.

(c) After paying the Series E Dividend Preference and Series D
Dividend Preference, the holders of the outstandiag Series C Preferred shull be entitled ta receive
dividends out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preterence to any declaration
or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or in other securities and
rights convertibie into or entilling the holder thereof to receive. directly or indirectly, additional
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) at the rate of $0.0332 per share per annum: with
respect to the Series C Preferred, (collectively, the “Series C Dividend Preference”) payabic
quarterly, as and if declired by the Board of Directors. Fhe right to receive, such dividends on
the Series C Preferred shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of such ~
Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on such shares are not declared or paid in
any prior year.

(d) After payment of the Series E Dividend Preference, Series D
Dividend Preferesice and the Series C Dividend Preference, any additional dividends shal! be
distributed among the holders of Common Stock, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and
Series E Preferred pro ratably on an as converted into Common Stock basis.

5. Protective Provisions.

(a) Series E Preferred Protective Provisions. In addition to any other
rights provided by law and only so long as at !east 7,600,000 shares in the aggregate (subject to
adjustment for any Recapitalization) of Series E Preferred shall be outstanding, this Corporation
shall not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of not less
than two-thirds (2/3rds) of the then outstanding shares cf Series E Preferred (voting as 2 seperate
class):

(i) Alter, change or waive the rights, preferences or privileges
or restrictions provided for the benefit of Series E Preferred or otherwise harm the interests of the
Series E Preferred, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise: or

(ii) authorize or issue any other equity security (including any
other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security) having rights, preferences
or privileges senior to or on parity with the Series E Preferred), whether by merger, consolidation
or otherwise.

(b) Series C Preferred, Series D and Series E Preferred Protective
Provisions. In addition to any other righis provided by law and only so long as at least -
33,425,000 shares in the aggregate (subject to adjustment for any Recapitalization) of Series C
Preferred, Series 1D Preferred and Series E Preferred shall be outstanding, this Corporation shall
not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of not less than
a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and Series E
Preferred ( voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis):

(i) authorize a merger (including a parent-subsidiary merger
and any merger effected for internal reorganization purposes or to change the Corporation's
domicile) or any Liguidation Event, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise:

(ii) exclusively license all or substantially all of the
Corporation's assets, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise;

(iii) | redeem, retire, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of
Preferred Stock or Common Stock of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, other than repurchases
of unvested shares at cost from former employees of or consultants to the Corporation in
connection with the termination of such individuals’ employment or consulting relationship with
the Corporation;

(iv) | amend the Corporation's Restated Articles of Incorporation
or Byiaws (subject to the provisions of Section 5(a) above): or

(v) pay or declare any dividend on or make any distribution on
account of any shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock.

6. Status of Converted Stock. In case any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 2 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and shall not be
reissuable by this Corporation and the Articles of Incorporation shall be appropriately amended
to effect the corresponding reduction in this Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

7. -Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.
8. Special Mandatory Conversion.

(a) At any time following the Effective Time but on or before the
Final Closing Date (as defined below), in the event that:

(i) the Corporation proposes or has proposed io offer not less
than 18,545,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock in anv transaction or series of related
transactions the primary purpose of which is to raise equity financing for the Corporation;

(ji) the Board of Directors of the Corporation determines or has
determined (with votes of interested directors to be effective for purposes of this provision) that
it is in the best interests of the Corporation for all holders of Series C. Preferred, Series D
Preferred, and/or Series E Preferred Stock outstanding as of August |, 2006 (each such holder,
an “Existing Series C-E Preferred Holder” and such sheres, the “Existing Series C-F Preferred
Stock") to participate in such equity financing (in which case such equity financing will be
deemed a “Qualified Financing”) and determines or has determined the aggregate dollar amount
(the “Agyregate Investinent Araount”) to be invested by all Existing Series C-E Preferred
Holders;

(ii) — the Corporation delivers or has delivered written notice
(including by electronic mail) (the ““Notice”) to al! Existing Series C-E Preferred tiolders
(1) stating the Corporation’s bona fide intention to consummate a Qualified Financing.

-16-
(2) indicating the number of shares of Series E Preferrcd to be offered, (3) indicating the price
and terms upon which it proposes to offer such shares of Series E Preferred, (4) providing a
turmula to calculate the Pro Rata Amount (as defined below) of each Existing Series C-E
Preferred Hoider of the Aggregate Investment Amount, and (5) offering each Existing Series C-F
Preferred Holder the right to purchase such holder's Pro Rata Amount of the Aggregate
Investment Amount within the time periods set forth in such Notice and on or before the Final
Closing Date: and

(iv) an Existing Series C-E Preferred Holder does not acquire at
least its Pfo Rata Amount of the Aggregate Investment Amount in such Qualified Financing
within the time pericds set forth in the Notice or on or before the Final Closing Date (a “Non-

Participating Holder’):

(v) then, effective as of one business day after the final closing
date for the purchase of the Pro Rata Amount of the Aggregate Investment Amount in stich
Qualified Financing for all Existing Series C-E Prefeired Holders as set forth in the definitive
purchase agreement for such Qualified Financing (the ‘Final Closing Date”), that number of
such Non-Participating Holder’s shares of Existing Series C-E Preferred Stock with an aggregate
value (based on the then effective Conversion Price for each respective series of ihe Existing
Series C-E Preferred Stock) equal to one hundred-fifty percent (150%) of the difference between
such WNon-Participating Holder's Pro Rata Amount of the Aggregate Investment Amount less the
value of any shares of the Series E Preferred Stock actually purchased by such Non-Participating
Holder in the Qualified Financing, if any (the “Non-Participating Amount”) shall be converted
into an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock. In the event that a Non-Participating
Holder holds multiple series of Existing Series C-E Preferred Stock, such Non-Participating
Hoider’s shares of Existing Series C-E Preferzed Stock shall be converted in the following
manner until such shares with an aggregate value (bused on the then effec*ive Conversion Price
for each respective series of the Existing Series C-E Preferred Stock) equal to the Non-
Participating. Amount have been so converted: Series E Preferred Stock, if any, shall be
converted first based on the then effective Conversion Price for Series E Preferred Stock, then
Series D Preferred Stock, if any, shall be converted based on the then effective Conversion Price
for Series D Preferred Stock, then Series C Preferred Stock, if any, shall be converted based on
the then effective Conversion Price for Series C Preferred Stock. Upon conversion pursuunt to
this Section 8(a), the shares of Existing Series C-E Preferred Stock so converted shal] be
canceled and not subject to reissuance. This Sectio.: §(a) shail oniy apply to and be effective
upon the final closing date for the purchase of the Pro Rata Amount of the Aggregate Investment
Amount by Existing Series C-E Holders of the first equity financing that mezts the criteria for a
Qualified Financing set forth above.

(vi) Pro Rata Amount for the purposes ef this Section 8(a) shail
mean that proportion of the Aggregaie Investment Amount that the number of shares of Existing
Series C-F Preferred Stock issued and held by such Existing Series C-E Preferred Holder as of
the Effective Time bears to the total number of Existing Series C-E Preferred Stock outstanding
as of the Effective Time. For purposes of determining whether a particular Existing Series C-E
Preferred Holder has acquired its Pro Rata Amount of the Aggregate Investment Amount under
this Section 8(a), amounts purchased in such Qualified Financing by (A) affiliates of the
particular Existing Series C-E Preferred Holder who qualify to participate in the Qualified
Financing that are in excess of such affiliate’s Pro Rata Amount (if any) of the Aggregate
Investment Amount and (B) any other individual or entity purchasing shares of Series E
Preferred in the Qualified Financing who elects to allocate the amounts relating to such shares of
Series E Preferred so purchased in the Qualified Financing to the particular Existing Sertes C-F
Preferred Holder shall be included, provided that. in cach case, prior to the consummation of the
Qualified Financing, the Corporation is notified of such affiliation or allocation and the amouni
of such affiliates or other purchaser's investment in the Qualified Financing that is to be

>) xeated to the p ‘*c:.'ar holder hereunder; and provided, further, that any such allocations shall
he included in determining whether any other Existing Series C-E Preferred Holder
‘including such affiliate or other purchaser) hds acquiréd its Pro Rata Amount of the Aggregate
Investment Amount.

(b) The holder of any shares of Existing Series C-E Preferred Stock converted
pursuant to this Section 8 shall deliver to the Corporation during regular business hours at the
office of any transfer agent of the Corporation for such series of Preferred Stock, or at such other
place as may be designated by the Corporation. the certificate or certificates representing the
shares so converted, duly endorsed or assigned in blank or to the Corporation (or a reasonably
acceptable affidavit and indemnity undertaking in the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed
certificate). As promptly thereafter as is practicable, the Corporation shall issue and deli ver to
such holder, at the place designated by such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of
full shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled and redeem in the same manner as
provided in Section 2(c) any shares of Existing Series C-E Preferred Stock surrendered for
conversion wiich Would otherwise result in a fractional share of Common Stock. The holder in
whose name the certificate for such shares of Common Stock is to be issued shall be deemed to
have become a sharehoider on the effective date of the conversion of the Existing Series C-E
Preferred Sick, unless the transfer books of the Corporation are closed on that date, in which
case such holder shall be deemed to have become a shareholder of record on the next succeeding
date on which the transfer books are open. All nghts with respect to any shares of Existing
Series C-E Preferred Stock converted pursuant to this Section 8, including the rights, if any. to
receive notices and vote (cther than as a holder of Common Stock), will terminate with respect to
the shares of Existing Series C-E Preferred Stock so converted, except only the rights of the
holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor, to receive certificates
for the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Existing Series C-E Preferred Stock
has been converted, and payment of any declared but unpaid dividends thereon.

C. COMMON STOCK.

“1. Dividend Rights. Tf é holdérs of Common Stock shall have dividend
rights subject to the prior rights of holdezs uf Preferred Stock, as set forth in Section 4 of
Divisivn (B) of this Article III.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
this Corporation. ihe asseis of inis Corporaiion shall be distributed as provided in Section | of
Divisioi: (B\ of this Article III.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.
J, Voting Rigkts. Each holder of any shares of Common Stock shall have
the right to one vote for each outstanding share of Common Stock held and shall be entitled to
notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of this Corporation, and shal]
be entitied to vole upon such matters and iii such manner as may be provided by law and as
provided in Section 3 of Division (B) of this Article II]

ARTICLE IV

A. LIMITATION OF DIRECTOR’S LIABILITY. The liability of the directors of

this Corporation for monétary damages shalt bé eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under °°

California taw.

B. INDEMNIFICATION OF CORPORATE AGENTS. This Corporation is
authorized tc indemnify its agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations
Code} to the fullest extent permissible under California law and subject only to applicable limits
set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations Code with respect to actions for breach of
duty to this Corporation and its shareholders.

C. REPEAL OR MODIFICATION. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing
provisions of this Article IV shall not adversely affect any rght of indemnification or limitation
of liability of a director of this Corporation relating to acts or omissions occurring prior to such
modification.”

THREE: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of said Corporation.

FOUR: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the required vote of saenolders in accordance -vith Sections 902 and 903 of the
Calitomia Corporations Code. The totai number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of this
Corporation is 12,991,737. The total number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock of
this Corporation is 8.785.925. The total number of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred
Stock of this Corporaticn is 5,546,613. ‘ihe total number of outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock of this Corporation is 51,505,125. The total of outstanding shares of Series D
P:.terred Stock of this Corporaticn is 69,487,985. The total of outstandiag shares of Series FE
Preverred Stock of this Corporation is 81,349,640. The number of shares of Common Stock,
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stcck, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred
and Series E Preferred Stock voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote
‘required. The percentage vote required was (a) more than 50% of the-outstanding skares of the .
Common Stock, voting separately as a class, (b) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred. Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Prererred and Series E
Preferred Stock, voting together as a class, (c) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred, Series D and Series E Preferred, veting together as a class, (d) more than
50° of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred and Series B Prefes red Stock. varing
together as a class, (e) more than 50% of the outstading shares of Series C Preferred, voting
separately as a ciass, (f) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred, voting
separately as a class. and (g) more than 2/3rds of the outstanding shares of Series E Preferred,
voting separately as a class.

- 19.
oe

The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury that they have read the fcregoing
certificate and xnow the conteats thereof, and that the contents are true of their own knowledge.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certificate at Milpitas,

Califomia, on Segntabo- 2k. 2006

Sky, Vice President and Chief Financial °

LG

Blias J. Blawic, Secretary
