A0630864

Yr

212 FILED
in the office of the Secretary of Statc
AMENDED AND RESTATED of the State of Caltfomnia
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF JUL 38 200,

APERTO NETWORKS, INC.
a California Corporation
The undersigned, Reza Ahy anu Slias J. Blawie, hereby certify that:
ONE: They are the duly elected and acting President and Chief Executive Officer and
Secretary, respectively, of Aperto Networks, Inc., a California corporation.
TWO: The Articles of Incorporation of said Corporation are amended and restated to
read in full as follows:

ARTICLE |
The name of this Corporation is Aperto Networks, Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
Corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE Ill
A. CAPITALIZATION.

l. Number of Shares. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of
shares to be designated, respectively, Common Stock (“Common Stock”) and Preferred Stock
(‘Preferred Stock”). The total number of shares which the Corporation is authorized to issue is
412,173,488 shares.

2. Number of Shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common
Stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 230,000,000 shares.

3. Number of Shares of Preferred Stock. The number of shares of Preferred
Stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 182,173,488, 8,790,973 of which we
hereby designated as Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred’), 5,550,975 of which
are hereby designated as Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred”), 57,536,547 of
which are hereby designated as Series C Preferred Stock (the “Series C Preferred”), 72,294,993
of which are hereby designated as Series D Preferred Stock (the “Series D Preferred") and
38,000,000 of which are hereby designated as Series E Preferred Stock (the “Series E
Preferred").
B. PREFERRED STOCK.

he relative rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the
Preferred Stock and the holders thereof are as set forth below.

7 Liquidation Rights.
(a) Series E Liquidation Preference. In the event of any voluntary or

involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation (or the
deemed occurrence of any such event pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 1) (any such
event, a “Liquidation Event”), the holders of the Series E Preferred shall be entitled to receive,
prior to and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or property of the Corporation
to the holders of the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred and Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to
$0.5362 for each outstanding share of Series E Preferred then held by them (as appropriately
adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, reclassifications, recapitalizations or
the like, a “Recapitalization”), plus all declared and unpaid dividends with respect to such
shares (together, the “Series E Liquidation Preference”). All of the preferential amounts to be
paid to the holders of the Series E Preferred under this Section 1(a) shall be paid or set apart for
payment before the payment or setting apart for payment of any amount for, or the distribution of
any assets of the Corporation to, the holders of the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series
C Preferred, Series D Preferred and Common Stock in connection with any such Liquidation
Event. If the assets or property to be distributed are insufficient to permit the payment to holders
of the Series E Preferred its aggregate Series E Liquidation Preference, the entire assets and
property legally available for cistribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the
Series E Preferred in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled
to receive under this Section 1(a).

(b) Series D Liquidation Preference. After the payment or the setting
apart for payment to the holders of the Series E Preferred required by paragraph (a) of this
Section 1, the holders of the Series D Preferred shall be entitled to receive, prior to and in
preference to anv distribution of any of the assets or property of the Corporation to the holders of
the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred and Common Stock by reason of
their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to $0.280 for each outstanding share of Series
D Preferred then held by them (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization), plus all
declared and unpaid dividends with respect to such shares (together, the “Series D Liquidation
Preference”). All of the preferential amounts to be paid to the holders of the Series D Preferred
under this Section 1(b) shall be paid or set apart for payment before the payment or setting apart
for payment of any amount for, or the distribution of any assets of the Corporation to, the holders
of the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred, Serics C Preferred and Common Stock in
connection with any such Liquidation Event. If the assets or property to be distributed are
insufficient to permit the payment to holders of the Series D Preferred its aggregate Series D
Liquidation Preference, and the distribution to the holders of the Series E Preferred has been
satisfied in full as required by Section (a) above, the entire assets and property legally available
for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series D Preferred in
proportion to ths preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitied to receive under this
Lection 1(b).

SV 7123846 v6 2
(c) Junior Liquidation Preference. Afier the payment cr the setting
apart for payment to the holders of the Series E Preferred and Series D Preferred of the
resper.tive Series E Liquidatior Preference and Series D Liquidation Preference required by
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 1, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled io
receive, prior to and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or property of the
Corporation to the holders of the Common Sto¢k by reason of their ownership thereof, an
amount per share equal to (i) $0.225 for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred then held
by them (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization, (ii) $1.175 for each share of Series B
Preferred then held by them (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization), (iii) $0.4148 for
each share of Series C Preferred then he!d by them (as appropriatcly adjusted for any
Recapitalization), (iv) $0.280 for each share of Series D Preferred then held by them (as
appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) and (v) $0.5362 for each share of Series E
Preferred then held by them (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) plus all declared
and unpaid dividends with respect to such shares of Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred and
Series C Preferred (collectively, the “Junior Liquidation Preference’). All of the prefereniial
amounts to be paid to the holders of the Preferred Stock under this Section 1(c) shall be paid or
set apart for payment before the payment or setting apart for payment of any amount for, or the
distribution of any assets of the Corporation to, the holders of the Common Stock in connection
with any such Liquidation Event. If the assets or property to be distributed are insufficient to
permit the payment to holders of the Preferred Stock their respective aggregate Junior
Liquidation Preference, and the distribution to the holders of the Series E Preferred and Series D
Preferred has been satisfied in full as required by Sections 1(a) and 1(b) above, the entire assets
and property legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of
the Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise
entitled to receive under this Section 1(c).

(4) Remaining Distribution. After the payment or the setting apart for
payment to the holders of the Preferred Stock required by paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this
Section 1, the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution, if
any, shall be distributed ratably to the then holders of outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock
and Common Stock of this Corporation (on an as-converted into Common Stock basis) except
that (i) with respect to the holders of’ the Series A Preferred, until such holders shal! have
received for cach share of Series A Preferred an aggregate of $2.70 per share, inclusive of any
amounts paid pursuant to Section 1(c) above (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization),
(ii) with respect to the holders of the Series B Preferred, until such holders shall have received
for each share of Series B Preferred an aggregate of $14.10 per share, inclusive of any amounts
paid pursuant to Section 1(c) ubove (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) and
(iii) with respect to the holders of the Series C Preferred, until such holders shall have r-ceived
for each share of Series C Preferred an aggregate of $1.2444 per share, inclusive of any amounts
paid pursuant to Section 1(c) above (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization),;
provided, howev-r, that (X) in the event that the holders of the Series D Prcferced shall receive
for each share of Series D Preferred an amount in excess of an aggregate of $0.840 per share,
inclusive of any amounts paid pursuant to Sections 1(b) and 1(c) above (as appropriately
adjusted for any Recapitalization) (with such excess amount being the “Series D Excess
Amount”), the amount received by holders of the Series D Preferred pursuant to Section I(c)
above shall be reduced by an amount equal to 20% of the Series D Excess Amount until the
amount received by the holders of the Series D Preferred pursuant to Section 1(c) above shall be

SV 2125846 vo 3
reduced to zero and (Y) in the event that the holders of the Series E Preferred shall receive for
each share of Series E Preferred an amount in excess of an aggregate of $0.85792 pe: share,
inclusive of any amounts paid pursuant to Sections (a) and 1(c) above (as appropriately adjusted
for any Recapitalization) (with such excess amount being the “Series E Excess Amount”), the
amount received by holders of the Series E Preferred pursuant to Section 1(c) above shall be
reduced by an amount equal to 20% of the Series E Excess Amount until the amount received by
the holders of the Series E Preferred pursuant to Section 1(c) above shall be reduced to zero.

(e) jon ain Distributions to Employees and Consultants.
As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the California Corporations Code, the provisions of

Sections 502 anJ 503 of the California Corporations Code shall not apply with respect to
repurchase by the Corporation of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees,
officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their
employment or services pursuant to an agreement providing for the right of such repuszhase.
Each holder of an outstanding share of Pref2rred Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for
purposes of Section 502 and 503 of the Gersral Corporation Law of Califomia, to distributions
made by the Corporation in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to
or held by employees or consultants upon termination of their employment or services pursuant
to agreements between the Corporation and such persons providing for the Corporation’s right of
said repurchase.

(f) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 1, a Liquidation
Event shall be deemed to have cccurred upon, and to include (i) a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or not, (ii) the sale, lease, assignment, transfer,
conveyance, disposal or exclusive licensing of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation (other than a pledge of assets or grant of security interest therein to a commercial
lender in connection with a customary commercial lending or similar transaction), or (iii) the
merger, combination with or into or consolidation of the Corporation with any other corporation,
limited liability company or other entity (or group of corporations, limited liability companies or
other entities (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the corporation) or the consummation of
any other transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power of the Corporation is issued, transferred or otherwise disposed of; provided that
this Section 1(f) shall not-apply to (i) a merger cifected exclusively for the purpose of changing
the domicile of the Corporation, (ii) a transaction in which the shareholders of the Corporation
immediatelv prior to the transaction own (solely in respect of their equity interests in the
Corporation prior to the transaction) 50% or more of the votiny power of the surviving or
acquiring corporation following the transaction in substantially the same relative percentages (as
among such shareholders) or (iii) an equity financing in which the Corporation is the surviving
corporation; and, provided, further, that the treatment of any particular transaction or series of
related transactions as @ liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation may be waived
by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Preferred Stock
(voting together as a single class on an as-cc rverted to Common Stock basis).

2. Conversion Rights. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

SV 2123846 vis 4
(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, without the payment of any additional consideration by the holder thereof and at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of
this Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Commun Stock as is determined by dividing (i) $0.90 (as appropriately
adjusted for any Recapitalization) in the case of the Series A Preferred, (11) $4.70 (us adjusted for
any Recapitalization) in the case of the Series B Preferred, (iii) $0.4148 (as appropriately
adjusted for any Recapitalization) in the case of the Series C Preferred, (iv) $0.280 (as
appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) in the case of the Series D Preferred and (v)
$0.5362 (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) in the case of the Series E Preferred
Stock by the Conversion Price applicable to such share, determined as hereafter provided, in
effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial Conversion Price per
share shall be (i) $0.90 for shares of Series A Preferred, (ii) $4.70 for shares of Series B
Preferred, (iii) $0.4148 for shares of Series C Preferred, (iv) $0.280 for shares of Series D
Preferred and (v) $0.5362 for shares of Series E Preferred. The applicable Conversion Price for
each such series . f Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 2(d)
below.

(b) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Initial Public Offering. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price
applicable to each such series of Preferred Stock upon the closing (“Closing”) of a firm
commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) covering the offer and sale of
Common Stock for the account of the Corporation to the public at an offering price to the public
of at least $1.0724 per share (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) and in which
the aggregate gross proceeds received by the Corporation (prior to underwriting commissions
and expenses) equals or exceeds $25,000,000. In the event of such an offering, the person(s)
entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall
not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until the Closing.

(ii) Shareholder Vote. Each share of Series A Preferred,
Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred shall automatically be converted into shares of
Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price applicable to each such series of Preferred
Stock upon the affirmative written election or agreement of the holders of greater than fifty
percent (50%) of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred and Serics
C Preferred, voting together as a single class. Each share of Series D Preferred shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price
applicable to such series of Preferred Stock upon the affirmative written election or agreement
of the holders of greater than fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding shares of Series D
Preferred, voting as a seperate class. Each share of Series E Preferred shall auto.natically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price applicable to
such series of Preferred Stock upon the affirmative written election or agreement of the holders
of greater than fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding shares of Series E Preferred, voting as
a separate class. In the event of such an election, the person(s) entitled to receive the Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to hav

SV 2123846 v6 5
converted such Preferred Stock until written evidence of such election or agreement reasonably
satisfactory to the Corporation is received by the Corporation.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any hoiacr of Preferred Stock
shal] be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant ‘o Section 2(a), or
promptly following the conversion of a holder’s Preferred Stuck pursuant to Section 2(b), as
applicable, such holder shall (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed,
at the office of this Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or (B) notify the
Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificate or certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and execute an agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the
Corporation from any loss incurred in connection with such certificates, and shall give written
notice by mail, postage prepaid, to this Corporation at its principal corporate office, of such
conversion and shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock are to be issued. This Corporation shall, as scon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such hold+r, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid together with cash in lieu of any fraction of a
share. Such conversion shall be deemed tu have been made (i) in the case of a conversion
effected pursuant to Section 2(a), immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, (ii) in the case of a conversion
effected pursuant to Section 2(b)(i), upon the Closing, and (iii) in the case of a conversion
effected pursuant to Section 2(b\ii), upon the receipt by the Corporation of written evidence of
such conversion, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of
such shares of Common Stock on such date. If the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act, the
conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be
conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such
offering, in which event the persons entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of
the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until the
Closing.

(d) Adi C ion Price for Certain Dilutive |

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 2, the
following definitions shall apply:

(1) ‘Options’ shall mean any rights, options or
warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock, Preferred Stock
or Convertible Securities (defined below),

(2) ‘Original Issue Date’ shall mean the date on which
the first share of the Series E Preferred was first issued.

(3) ‘Convertible Securities’ shall mean any evidence of

indebtedness, shares (other than the Common Stock and Preferred Stock) or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

SV 2123846 v6
a -

(4) ‘Additional Shares of Common Stock’ shall mean
all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 2(d)(ii), deemed to be issued) by this
Corporation after the Original ]ssue Date, other than:

(A) | shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock into Common Stock;

(B) — shares of Common Stock or Options for
Common Stock issued to officers, directors and employees of, and consultants to, this
Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or similar
arrangements or agreements approved by at least 70% of the members of the Board of Directors
of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”);

(C) shares of Common Stock issued as a
dividend or distribution on Preferred Stock or any event for which adjustment is made pursuant
to Section 2(d), (e), (f) or (g) hereof;

(D) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to
the exercise of Options or Convertible Securities, in each case, as outstanding on or prior to the
Original Issue Date;

(E) _ the issuance of shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock or Options to purchase shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock in
conjunction with bank or other borrowings and equipment or other leasing transactions, in each
case as approved by at least 70% of the members of the Board of Directors:

(F) shares of Common Stock issued in
connection with strategic transactions involving the Corporation and other entities, including
joint ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution arrangements or technology transfer or

development arrangements, in each case as approved by ai least 70% of the members of the
Board of Directors; or

(G) _ shares of Series E Preferred issued upon
terms approved by at least 70% of the members of the Board of Directors.

(ii) Deemed Issuance of Options and Convertible Securities. If
the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date issues any Options
or Convertible Securities or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities entitled to receive any Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of
shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto and assuming the satisfaction of all
conditions as to the exercisability or convertibility of such Options or Convertible Securities,
including without limitation, the passage of applicable periods of time and the satisfaction of all
applicable contingencies) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the
case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, shal! be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of

the time of such issue or, in case a record date has been fixed, as of the close of business on such
record date.

SV 2123846 v6 7
(iii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein
to the contrary notwithstanding, (A) no adjustment to the applicable Conversion Price of any
series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of
Common Stock unless the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section 2(d\v)
hereof) for an Additional Share of Common Stock issued by the Corporation is less than the
Series E Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to, such issue, aad
(B) no adjustment to the Series E Conversion Price shall be made in respect of the issuance of
Additiona] Shares of Common stocx in the event that holders of a majority of the issued and
outstanding shares of Series E Preferred waive the adjustment provisions of this Section 2(d).

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
. In the event this Corporation issues or is deemed to have

issued Additional Shares of Common Stock without consideration or for a consideration per
share less than the Series E Conversion Price as last adjusted and then in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, then and in any such event, the applicable Conversion Price for
such series of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price
(calculated to the nearest one hundredth cent) determined by multiplying the applicable
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock, by a fraction, the numerator of which shall
be (x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue or
deemed issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration
received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so
issued or deemed to be issued would purchase at the Series E Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issuance, and the denominator of which shall be (y) the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue or deemed issue plus the
number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued. For the purpose of the above
calculution, the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue
shall b: calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all shares of Preferred Stock and all outstanding
Convertible Securities and Options had been fully converted, exercised or exchanged, as
applicable, immediately prior to such issuance (and the resulting securities fully converted into
shares of Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such date, but nut including in such calculation
any Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to shares of Preferred Stock,
Convertible Securities, csr Options solely as a result of the adjustment of the Conversion Price of
the applicable series of Preferred Stock resulting from the issuance of the Additional Shares of
Common Stock causing the adjustinent in question.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of the
operation of Section 2(d), the consideration received (or deemed to have been received in the
case of Options and Convertible Securities) by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall:

(1) to the extent it consists of cash, be computed as the
aggregate amount of cash paid before deducting any reasonable brokerage or underwniting
commissions or similar expense paid or incurred by the Corporation for the issuance and sale of
the securities;

SV 2123846 v6 8
(2) to the extent it consists of property other than cash,
be computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue or deemed issuance, as determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors; and

(3) if Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (1) and (2) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(4) for Options and Convertible Securities, be the sum
of the values of (x) the cash and property to be paid to this Corporation for the issue of such
Options and Convertible Securities, if any, and (y) the cash and property payable to this
Corporation upon the exercise in full of such Option or the full conversion of such Convertible
Securities, if any.

(vi) Calculation of Per Share Amount. The number of
Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued upon the issuance or deemed issuance
of Options or Convertible Securities shall be the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise in full of such Option or the conversion in full of such Convertible Securities
as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein
for a subsequent increase in the number of shares issuable or decrease in the amount of
consideration payable upon the exercise, conversion, or exchange thereof.

(vii) Recomputation of Adjustment as a Result of Changes in
Options or Convertible Securities. If an Option or Convertible Securities by their terms
provides, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable to
this Corporation or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise,
conversion, or exchange thereof, the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred
Stock computed upon the original issuance or deemed issuance thereof, and any subsequent
adjustments based thereon, shall each be recomputed, upon ary such change becoming effective,
to reflect such change insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange
under such Convertible Securities (provided however that no such adjustment of the Conversion
Price of the applicable series of Preferred Stock shall affect Common Stock previously issued
upon conversion of the applicable series of Preferred Stock).

(viii) Recomputation of Adiustment as 3 Result of Expiration of
Options or Conversion. Upon expiration of any Options or any rights of conversion or exchange
under Convertible Securities that have not been exercised or converted, the applicable
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock computed upon the original issuance or
deemed issuance thereof, and any subsequent adjustments based thercon, shall cach be
recomputed, upon such expiration, as if (a) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were shares of Common
Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration
actually received by this Corporation for the issuance of all such Options, whether or not
exercised, plus the consideration actually received by this Corporation upon such exercise, or for
the issuance of all such Convertible Securities that were actually received by this Corporation

SV 2123846 v6

~—?
upon such exercise, or for the issuance of all such Convertible Securities that were actually
converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually received by this
Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and (b) in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, only the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were
issued at the time of issuance or deemed issuance of such Options, and the consideration
received by this Corporation for the Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been
then issued was the consideration actually received by this Corporation for the issuance of all
such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration deemed to have been received by
this Corporation upon the issuance of the Convertible Securities with respect to which such
Options were actually exercised.

(ix)  Limitati n j nts.

(1) Readjustment of Conversion Price. No
readjustment pursuant to Section 2 hereof shall have the effect of increasing the applicable

Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock to an amount that exceeds the lower of (a)
the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock immediately before the
issuance or deemed issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities or (b) the applicable
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock that would have resulted from any issuance
of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the date immediately before the issuance or
deemed issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities and such readjustment date.

(2) No Adiustment Upon Issuance of Shares Deemed
ing. No adjustment in the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred
Stock shall be made upon the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if such
shares are already deemed issued at the time of issuance.

(ec) Adj to Conversion Price for Certain Events.
(i) Adjustments for Stock Splits or Combinations of Common

Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by any
Recapitalization) into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, without a proportional
adjustment to the series of then outstanding Preferred Stock, the applicable Conversion Price for
such series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such
subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be combined (by any Recapitalization), into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock,
without a proportional adjustment to the series of then outstanding Preferred Stock, the
applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such Recapitalization, be proportionately increased. The provisions of
this Section 2(e)(i) shall similarly apply to successive subdivisions or combinations of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(ii) Adjustments for Other Distributions. In the event this
Corporation at any time or from time to time makes or fixes a record date for the determination
of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive any distribution payable in securities of this
Corporation other than the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then and in each such event,
provisions shal! be made so that the holders of Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion

SV 2123846 v6 10
thereof, in addition to the number uf shares of Common Stock receivable thereupon, the amount
of securities of this Corporation which they would have received had their respective Preferred
Stock been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafter,
during the period from the date of such event to and including the date of conversion, retained
such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, subject to all other
adjustments called for during such period under this Section 2 with respect to the rights of the
holders of the Preferred Stock. The provisions of this Section 2(e)(ii) shall similarly apply to
successive distributions to the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(iii) j nts for lassification, Ex
Substitution. If the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any series of the Preferred Stock
shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of
stock, whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision
or combination of shares provided for in Section 2(eXi) or (ii) above), the applicable Conversion
Price for such series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of
such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted such that the respective
Preferred Stock shal! be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock
which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of such
other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock that would
have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the respective Preferred Stock
immediately before that change.

Reorganization, Mergers, Consolidations, or Sales of Assets. If at
any time or from time to time there shall be a capital reorganization of the Common Stock (other
than a subdivision, combination, reclassification, or exchange of shares provided for elsewhere
in this Section 2) or a merger or consolidation of this Corporation with or into another
Corporation, or the sale of all or substantially all of this Corporation’s properties and assets to
any other person, then, as a part of such reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale, provision
shell be made so that the holders of the then outstanding series of Preferred Stock shall thereafter
be entitled to receive upon conversion of the then outstanding series of Preferred Stock, the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of this Corporation, or of the successor
corporation resulting from such merger or consolidation or sale, to which a holder of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock would have been entitled on
such capital reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale. In any such case, appropriate
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 2 with respect to the
rights of the holders of the then outstanding series of Preferred Stock after the reorganization,
merger, consolidation, or sale to the end that the provisions of this Section 2 (including
adjustment of the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock then in effect
and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock) shall be
applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(g) No Fractional Shmes and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the
conversion of any share or shares of any series of Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional
shares, the Corporation will pay cash in an amount equa! to the fair value of such
fractional shares, based on the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock, as

SV 2123846 vo 1]
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, as of the time when those who would
otherwise be entitled to receive such fractional shares is determined. The number of
shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number
cf shares of any series of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into
Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
aggregate conversion.

(:i) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock
pursuant to this Section 2, this Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such
adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish
to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate certified by the Corporation’s Chief
Financial Officer setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. This Corporation shall, upon
the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment and
readjustment, (ii) the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock at the
time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of
other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of Preferred
Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date, Corporate Action. In the event of: (a) any
taking by the Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of
determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or
any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any
other securities or property, or to receive any other right, (b) any capital reorganization of the
Corporation, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock of the Corporation or any
consolidation or merger involving the Corporation and any other person or any transfer of all or
substantially all the assets of the Corporation to any other person, or (c) any voluntary or
involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation, the Cozporation will mail
to each holder of Preferred Stock a notice specifying (i) the date or expected date on which any
such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution or right, and (ii) the date or expected date on which
such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution,
liquidation or winding-up is to take place and the time, if any such time is to be fixed, as of
which the holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange
their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for the securities or other property deliverable
upon such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, consolidation, merger, transfer,
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Such notice shal! be mailed at least 15 days prior to the
date therein specified.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. This Corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the

SV 21238 46 v6 12
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shal]
be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, this Corporation will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel. be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose
including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval
of any necessary amendment to these articles.

(a) Generally. Except as otherwise required by law, each holder of
any shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding shall have one vote for each outstanding
share of Common Stock held, anc each holder of any shares of Preferred Stock issued and
outstanding shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock into which such respective shares of Preferred Stock could be converted, as adjusted from
time to time in accordance with Section 2 hereof, at the record date for determination of the
shareholders entitled to vote on such matters, or, if no such record date is established, at the date
such vote is taken or any written consent of shareholders is sc’: ited, such votes to be counted
together with ali other shares of stock of this Corporation having general voting power and not
separately as a class. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting
rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of
Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole
number (one-half and greater being rounded upward). Holders of Common Stock and Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the By-laws of
this Corporation. All holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote with the holders of
Common Stock on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders, except those required
hereunder or by law to be submitted to a class vote and except as provided in Section 3(e) below
with respect to the election of directors by the separate class vote of the holders of Common
Stock.

(b) Series E Preferred and Series C Preferred Board Seat. As long as
at least 19,100,000 shares of Series E Preferred and Series C Preferred (as appropriately adjusted
for any Recapitalization) remain outstending, the holders of the outstanding shares of Series E
Preferred and Serizs C Preferred (voting together as a single class on an as converted to Common
Stock basis) shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of this Corporation at each annual meeting
of the shareholders for the purpose of electing directors or pursuant to each consent of this
Corporation's shareholders for the election of directors (the “Series C/Series E Director”).

(c) Series D Preferred Board Seat. As long as at least 14,000,000
shares of Series D Preferred (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization) remain
outstanding, the holders of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred (voting together as a
separate class) shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of this Corporation at cach annual
meeting of the shareholders for te purpose of electing directors or pursuant to each consent of
this Corporation’s shareholders for the election of directors (the “Series D Director”).

SV 2123846 v6 13
(d) Series 4 and Series B Preferred Board Seat. As long as at least
4,500,000 shares of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred (as adjusted for any

Recapitalization) remain outstanding, the holders of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
and Series B Preferred (voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock
basis) shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of this Corporation at each annual meeting of the
shareholders for the purpose of electing directors or pursuant to each consent of this
Corporation's shareholders for the election of directors (the “Series A/Series B Preferred
Director,” collectively with the Series D Director and Series C/Series E Director, the
“Preferred Directors”).

(e) Common Board Seat. The holders of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock (voting separately as a class) shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of this
Corporation (the “Common Director”) at each annual meeting of the shareholders for the
purpose of electing directors or pursuant to each consent of this Corporation’s shareholders for
the election of directors.

(f) Other Board Seats. The holders of shares of the outstanding
Common Stock and Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis) shall be entitled to elect the remaining directors of this Corporation (the
“At Large Directors”) at each annual meeting of the shareholders for the purpose of electing of
directors or pursuant to each consent of this Corporation’s shareholders for the election of
directors.

4. — Dividend Rights.

(a) The holders of the outstanding shares of the Series E Preferred
shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock
or in other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly
or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the Common Stock or
the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred or Series D Preferred of the
Corporation, at the rate of $0.0429 per share (as adjusted for any Recapitalization) per annum on
each outstanding share of Series E Preferred (the “Series E Dividend Preference”), payable
quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such dividends sha!l not be
cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of Series E Preferred by reason of the fact that
dividends on such shares are not declared or paid in any prior year.

(b) After paying the Series E Dividend Preference, the holders of the
outstanding shares of the Series D Preferred shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any
assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any
dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or in other securities and rights convertible into
or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common
Stock of the Corporation) on the Common Stock or the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred or
Series C Preferred of the Corporation, at the rate of $0.0224 per share (as adjusted for any
Recapitalization) per annum on each outstanding share of Series D Preferred (the “Series D
Dividend Preference”), payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors.

SV 2123846 v6 14
eT

Such dividends shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of Series D Preferred
by reason of the fact that dividends on such shares are not declared or paid in any prior year.

(c) After paying the Series E Dividend Preference and D Dividend
Preference, the holders of the outstanding Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series C
Preferred shall be entitled to receive dividends out of any assets legally available therefor, prior
and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common
Stock or in other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive,
directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) at the rate of
(i) $0.072 per share per annum with respect to the Series A Preferred, (ii) $0.376 per share per
annum with respect to the Series B Preferred and (iii) $0.0332 per share per annum with respect
to the Series C Preferred, (collectively, the “Junior Preferred Dividend Preference”) payable
quarterly, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. The right to receive such dividends on
the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred shall not be cumulative, and no
right shall accrue to holders of such Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on such
shares are not declared or paid in any prior year.

(d) After payment of the Series E Dividend Preference, Series D
Dividend Preference and the Junior Preferred Dividend Preference, any additional dividends
shall be distributed among the holders of Common Stock, Series D Preferred and Series E
Preferred pro ratably on an as converted into Common Stock basis.

5. Protective Provisions.

(a) Series E Preferred Protective Provisions. In addition to any other
rights provided by law and only so long as at least 7,600,000 shares in the aggregate (subiect to
adjustment for any Recapitalization) of Series E referred shall be outstanding, this Corporation
shall not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of not less
a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series E Preferred (voting as a separate class):

(i) Alter, change or waive the rights, preferences or privileges
or restrictions provided for the benefit of Series E Preferred or otherwise harm the interests of the
Series E Preferred, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise: or

(ii) authorize or issue any other equity security (including any
other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security) having rights, preferences
or privileges senior to or on parity with the Series © Preferred), whether by merger, consolidation
or otherwise.

Provisions. In addition to any other rights provided by law and only so long as at least
33,425,000 shares in the aggregate (subject to adjustment for any Recapitalization) of Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred and Series E Preferred shall be outstanding, this Corporation shall
not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of not less a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred anc Series E
Preferred (voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis):

SV 2123846 v6 15
(i) authorize a merger (including a parent-subsidiary merger
and any merger effected for internal reorganization purposes or to change the Corporation’s
domicile) or any Liquidation Event, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise:

(ii) exclusively license all or substantially all of the
Corporation’s assets, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise;

(iii) | redeem, retire, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of
Preferred Stock or Common Stock of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, other than repurchases
of unvested shares at cost from former employees of or consultants to the Corporation in
connection with the termination of such individuals’ employment or consulting relationship with
the Corporation;

(iv) amend the Corporation’s Restated Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; or

(v) pay or declare any dividend on or make any distribution on
account of any shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock.

6. Status of Converted Stock. In case any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 2 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and shall not be
reissuable by this Corporation and the Articles of Incorporation shall be appropriately amended
to effect the corresponding reduction in this Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

7. Redemption. The Préferred Stock is not redeemable.
C. (oe) IN K.

1. Dividend Rights. The holders of Common Stock shall have dividend
riphts subject to the prior rights of holders of Preferred Stock, as set forth in Section 4 of
Division (B) of this Article III.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
this Corporation, the assets of this Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section | of
Division (B) of this Article III.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. Each holder of any shares of Common Stock shall have
the right to one vote for each outstanding share of Common Stock held and shall be entitled to
notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of this Corporation, and shall
be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may be provided by law and as
provided in Section 3 of Division (B) of this Article III.

SV 2123846 vo 16
ee

ARTICLE IV

A. LIMITATION OF DIRECTOR'S LIABILITY. The liability of the directors of
this Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under
California law.

B. INDEMNIFICATION OF CORPORATE AGENTS. This Corporation is
authorized to indemnify its agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations
Code) to the fullest extent permissible under California law and subject only to applicable limits
set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations Code with respect to actions for breach of
duty to this Corporation and its shareholders.

C. REPEAL OR MODIFICATION. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing
provisions of this Article IV shall not adversely affect any right of indemnification or limitation
of liability of a director of this Corporation relating to acts or omissions occurring prior to such
modification.”

THREE: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of said Corporation.

FOUR: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the
California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of this
Corporation is 8,820,967. The total number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock of
this Corporation is 8,790,973. The total number of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred
Stock of this Corporation is 5,548,648. The totai number of outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock of this Corporation is 53,037,608. The total of outstanding shares of Series D
Preferred Stock of this Corporation is 71,371,190. The number of shares of Common Stock,
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series D
Preferred Stock voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The
percentage vote required was (a) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock,
voting separately as a class, (b) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred,
Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred and Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a class,
(c) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred and Series D Preferred, voting
together as a class, (d) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred, voting
separately as a class, (e) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred, voting
separately as a class, (f) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred, voting
separately as a class, and (g) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred,
voting separately as a class.

(REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

SV 2123846 v6 17
The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury that they have read the foregoing
certificate and know the contents thereof, and that the contents are truc of their own knowledge.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certificate at Milpitas,
California, on _ ‘yy t>+4v)_, 2005.

Reza Ahy, President ief Executive Officer

Ee

Elias J. Blawie, Secretary
