ream O

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corpo
Delivered 12:12 PM ir 02/20/2004
FILED 10:41 AM 02/20/2004
SRV 040120862 - 3611176 FILE

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF
APPLIED MICROSTRUCTURES, INC. )

APPLIED MICROSTRUCTURES, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

FIRST: The original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Delaware Secretary of
State on January 29, 2003.

SECOND: The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the
Delaware Secretary of State on October 10, 2003.

THIRD: This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Applied
MicroStructures, Inc. has been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and
245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by its Board of Directors.

FOURTH: The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 10, 2003 is hereby amended and
restated in its entirety to read as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the corporation is Applied MicroStructures, Inc.
ARTICLE I

The address of the corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation
Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, city of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801.
The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE Ill

The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV

The total number of shares of stock that the corporation shall have authority to issue is fifty
million (50,000,000), consisting of thirty-seven million seven hundred thousand (37,700,000) shares
of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and twelve million three hundred thousand
(12,300,000) shares of Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, The first series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of twelve million three
hundred thousand (12,300,000) shares.

CATEMP\PALIB1_2400118_4.DOC (36193)
FROM :CT WILMINGTON — TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20’ 04 12:13/S8T. 12:12/NO. 4863777284 P 3

- ARTICLE V
The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:
1. Definitions. For purposes of this Article V, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) “Conversion Price” shall mean $0.22 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations and as otherwise set forth
elsewhere herein).

(b) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(c) “Corporation” shall mean Applied MicroStructures, Inc.

(d) “Distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock
payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation for cash or
property other than: (i) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers,
directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment
of Services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right,
(iii) repurchase of capital stock of the Corporation in connection with the settlement of disputes with
any stockholder, (iv) any other repurchase or redemption of capital stock of the Corporation
approved by the holders of the Cornmon and Preferred Stock of the Corporation voting as separate
classes.

(e) “Dividend Rate” shall mean an annual rate of $0.011 per share for the
Series A Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth
elsewhere herein).

(f) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $0.22 per share for the SeriesA
Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere
herein).

(g) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(h) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.22 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein).

(i)  “Recapitalization” shall mean any stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event.

CATEMP\PALIB1_2400118_4.DOC (36169) , -2-
FROM'CT WILMINGTON — TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20' 04 12:13/8T. 12:12/NO. 4863777284 P 4

2. Dividends.

(a) Preferred Stock. In any calendar year, the holders of outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, when, if and as declared by the Board of
Directors, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor, at the Dividend Rate specified for
such shares of Preferred Stock payable in preference and priority to any declaration or payment of
any Distribution on Common Stock of the Corporation in such calendar year. No Distributions shall
be made with respect to the Common Stock until all declared dividends on the Preferred Stock have
been paid or set aside for payment to the Preferred Stockholders, Payment of any dividends to the
holders of the Preferred Stock shall be on a pro rata, pari passu basis in proportion to the Dividend
Rates for each series of Preferred Stock. The right to receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock
shall not be cumulative, and no right to such dividends shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock by
reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared or paid in any calendar year.

(b) Common Stock. Dividends may be paid on the Common Stock as and when
declared by the Board of Directors, subject to the prior dividend rights of the Preferred Stock.

(c) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this Section
2 shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be deemed to be
the fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

3. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of
the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an
amount per share for each share of Series A Preferred Stock held by them equal to the sum of (i) the
Liquidation Preference specified for such share of Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) all declared but
unpaid dividends (if any) on such share of Series A Preferred Stock. If upon the liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation legally available for
distribution to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are insufficient to permit the payment to
such holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(a), then the entire assets of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equal priority and pro rata
among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts they would
otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3(a).

(b) Remaining Assets. After the payment to the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock of the full preferential amounts specified above, the entire remaining assets of the Corporation
legally available for distribution by the Corporation shall be distributed with equal priority and pro
rata among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock in proportion to the
number of shares of Common Stock held by them, with the shares of Series A Preferred Stock being
treated for this purpose as if they had been converted to shares of Common Stock at the then
applicable Conversion Rate. .

C:ATEMPIPALIB1_2400118_4,DOC (36169) -3-
(c) Reorganization. For purposes of this Section 3, a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, (a) the acquisition
of the Corporation by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions to
which the Corporation is party (including, without limitation, any stock acquisition, reorganization,
merger or consolidation but excluding any sale of stock for capital raising purposes) other than a
transaction or series of transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Corporation
outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to retain (either by such voting securities
remaining outstanding or by such voting securities being converted into voting securities of the
surviving entity), as a result of shares in the Corporation held by such holders prior to such
transaction, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities
of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction or series
of transactions; (b) a sale, lease or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation; or (c) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary
or involuntary.

(d) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation
distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, except that any publicly-traded securities to be
distributed to stockholders in a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be
valued as follows:

(i) If the securities are then traded on a national securities exchange or the
Nasdaq Stock Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value of the securities shall
be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over
the ten (10) trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the Distribution; or

(ii) if the securities are actively traded over-the-counter, then the value of
the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the ten
(10) trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the Distribution.

In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity, the
Distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert, Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid,
nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
relevant series by the Conversion Price for such series, (The number of shares of Common Stock
into which each share of Preferred Stock of a series may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the
“Conversion Rate” for cach such series.) Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price
for any series of Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the Conversion Rate for such series
shall be appropriately increased or decreased.

CATEMP\PALITB t_2400118_4.DOC (36169) -4-
FROM CT WILMINGTON ~- TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20' 04 12:14/ST. 12:12/NO. 4863777284 P 6

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion
Rate for such share (i) immediately prior to the closing of a firm commitment underwritten initial
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”), covering the offer and sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock,
provided that the offering price per share is not less than $2.00 (as adjusted for Recapitalizations)
and the aggregate gross proceeds to the Corporation are not Jess than $20,000,000, or (ii) upon the
receipt by the Corporation of a written request for such conversion from the holders of a majority of
the Preferred Stock then outstanding, or, if later, the effective date for conversion specified in such
requests (cach of the events referred to in (i) and (ii) are referred to herein as an “Automatic
Conversion Event”).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the
then fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors. For
such purpose, all shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock shall be
aggregated, and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash. Before any
holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and
to receive certificates therefor, he shall either (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor,
duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or
(B) notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the same; provided, however, that on the date of
an Automatic Conversion Event, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent;
provided further, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion Event unless either the
certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. On the date of the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion Event, each holder of record
of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shares of
Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that notice from the
Corporation shall not have been received by any holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock, or
that the certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock shall not then be aciually delivered to
such holder.

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or after such agreement and
indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which he or she shall be entitled as
aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result

CATEMP\PALIB1_ 2400118. 4.DOC (36169) -5-
FROM'CT WILMINGTON — TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20°04 12:15/S8T. 12:12/NO. 4863777284 P 7

of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on
the converted Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such date; provided, however, that if the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act or a merger, sale, financing,
or liquidation of the Corporation or other event, the conversion may, at the option of any holder
tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of such transaction or
upon the occurrence of such event, in which case the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such

Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such transaction or the occurrence of such
event.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definition. For purposes of this paragraph 4(d), “Additional
Shares of Common” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to
paragraph 4(d)(iii), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the filing of this Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, other than:

(1) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to officers,
directors and employees of, or consultants to, the Corporation pursuant to stock grants, option plans,
purchase plans or other employee stock incentive programs or arrangements approved by the Board
of Directors, including at least one of the directors representing the Preferred Stock, or upon exercise
of options or warrants granted to such parties pursuant to any such plan or arrangement;

(2) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a dividend or
distribution on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to
paragraph 4(e), 4(£) or 4(g) hereof;

(3) shares of Common Stock issued in a registered public offering
under the Securities Act pursuant to which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are
automatically converted into Common Stock pursuant to an Automatic Conversion Event;

(4) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the
acquisition of another corporation by the Corporation by merger, purchase of substantially all of the
assets or other reorganization or to a joint venture agreement, provided, that such issuances are
approved by the Board of Directors, including at least one of the directors representing the Preferred
Stock;

(5) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to banks,
equipment lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing or commercial leasing

transaction approved by the Board of Directors, including at least one of the directors representing
the Preferred Stock;

CATEMP\PALIB1_2400118_4.DOC (36169) -6-
OM CT WILMINGTON TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20°04 12:16/ST. 12:12/NO. 4863777284 P 8
FR -

(6) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
any settlement of any action, suit, proceeding or litigation unanimously approved by the Board of
Directors, including at least one of the directors representing the Preferred Stock;

(7) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
sponsored research, collaboration, technology license, development, OEM, marketing or other
similar agreements or strategic partnerships approved by the Board of Directors, including at least
one of the directors representing the Preferred Stock; and

(8) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to suppliers or third
party service providers in connection with the provision of goods or services pursuant to transactions

approved by the Board of Directors, including at least one of the directors representing the Preferred
Stock.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion
Price of a particular series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional
Shares of Common unless the consideration per share (as determined pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(v))
for an Additional Share of Common issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than
the Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, for such series of
Preferred Stock. )

(iii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common. In the event the
Corporatton at any time or from time to time after the date of the filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the
determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or
Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating
thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible
Securities, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities or, in the case of Options for
Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options and the conversion or exchange of the
underlying securities, shall be deemed to have been issued as of the time of such issue or, in case
such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, provided
that in any such case in which shares are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of any series of
Preferred Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of
Common Stock in connection with the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable to the
Corporation or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or
exchange thereof (other than a change pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of such Options or
Convertible Securities such as this Section 4(d) or pursuant to Recapitalization provisions of such
Options or Convertible Securities such as Sections 4(e), 4(f} and 4(g) hereof), the Conversion Price
of each series of Preferred Stock and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall be recomputed

CATEMP\PALIB1_2400118_4.DOC (36169) -7-
FROM CT WILMINGTON — TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20' 04 12:16/ST. 12:12/NO. 4863777284 P 9

to reflect such change as if such change had been in effect as of the original issue thereof (or upon
the occurrence of the record date with respect thereto);

(3) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) above shall have the
effect of increasing the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock to an amount above the
Conversion Price that would have resulted from any other issuances of Additional Shares of
Common and any other adjustments provided for herein between the origina] adjustment date and
such readjustment date;

(4) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the
Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon
the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based thereon
shal], upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

a) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common issued were the shares of Common Stock, if
any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options plus the consideration actually
received by the Corporation upon such exercise or for the issue of all such Convertible Securities
which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually
received by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and

b) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, only
the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of
issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of
Common deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been
teceived by the Corporation (determined pursuant to Section 4(d)(v)) upon the issue of the
Convertible Securities with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; and

(5) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in
the Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of
business on such record date, and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this
paragraph 4(d)(iii) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares
of Common. In the event this Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common (including

Additional Shares of Common deemed to be issued pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(ili)) without
consideration or for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price of a series of
Preferred Stock in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue, then, the Conversion
Price of the affected series of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a
price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction,
the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately

CATEMP\PALIB1_2400118 4.D0C (36169) -§-
ROM CT WILMINGTON TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20'04 12:17/ST. 12:12/NO. 4863777284 P 10
F _

prior to such issue plus the number of shares which the aggregate consideration received by the
Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common so issued would purchase at such
Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common
so issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be reduced at such time if
the amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01, but any such amount shall be carried
forward, and a reduction will be made with respect to such amount at the time of, and together with,
any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any other amounts so carried
forward, equal $0.01 or more in the aggregate. For the purposes of this subsection 4(d)(iv), all
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and
the exercise and/or conversion of any other outstanding Convertible Securities and all outstanding
Options shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this subsection 4(d),
the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue (or deemed issue) of any Additional
Shares of Common shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable discounts,
commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or
otherwise in connection with such issuance;

b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors; and

c) in the event Additional Shares of Common are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (a)
and (b) above, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration. per
share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common deemed to have been issued
pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(iii) shall be determined by dividing:

(x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the
Corporation as consideration for the issuc of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating
thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities by

C:ATEMP\PALIB1_2400118_4.DOC (36169) -9-
R

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth
in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a
subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

{e) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a
stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion
Price of each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event
the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a
lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to such
combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

() Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. In the
event the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be
subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of
shares of Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the
affected series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be combined (by
reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate,
Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the affected series of Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to such combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such
combination, be proportionately increased.

(g) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to
Section 3 above (“Liquidation Rights”), if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the

Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or
classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a
subdivision or combination of shares provided for above), then, in any such event, in lieu of the
number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to
receive, each holder of such Preferred Stock shall haye the right thereafter to convert such shares of
Preferred Stock into a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock which a holder of the
number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock
immediately before that change would have been entitled to receive in such reorganization or
reclassification, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares.

(h) NoImpairment. The Corporation will not through any reorganization, transfer
of assets, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek
to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of
this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 4(h) shall prohibit the Corporation from

CATEMP\PALIB!_2400118_4.DOC (36169) ~10-
OM CT WILMINGTON TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20°04 12:18/ST. 12:12/NO. 4863777284 P 12
FR -

amending its Certificate of Incorporation with the requisite consent of its stockholders and the board
of directors.

(i) Certificate as to Adjustments, Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish
to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the
Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
Preferred Stock.

G) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock
may be waived, cither prospectively or retroactively and either generally or in a particular instance,
by the consent or vote of the holders of the majority of the outstanding shares of such series. Any
such waiver shall bind all future holders of shares of such series of Preferred Stock.

(k) Notices of Record Date. In the event that this Corporation shall propose at
any time:

‘{i) to declare any Distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out of
earnings or earned surplus;

(ii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock
outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

(iii) to voluntarily liquidate or dissolve or to enter into any transaction
deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation pursuant to Section 3(c);

then, in connection with each such event, this Corporation shall send to the holders of the
Preferred Stock at least five (5) days prior written notice of the date on which a record shall be taken
for such Distribution (and specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled thereto and, if applicable, the amount and character of such Distribution ) or for determining
rights to vote in respect of the matters referred to in (ii) and (iii) above.

Such written notice shall be given by first class mail (or express courier), postage prepaid,
addressed to the holders of Preferred Stock at the address for each such holder as shown on the
books of the Corporation and shall be deemed given on the date such notice is mailed.

The notice provisions set forth in this section may be shortened or waived prospectively or

retrospectively by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock,
voting together as a single class.

CATEMP\PALIB1_ 2400118 4.DOC (36169) -lI-
T7T284 PLB cee:
FR WILMINGTON — TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20' 04 12:19/8T. 12:12/NO. 4863 284. .P 1D oe eecesoe:
OM CT WI

(1) ‘Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred
Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect
the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of
all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as
may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

5. Voting.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together
and not as separate classes,

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law, there
shall be no series voting.

(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred
Stock held by such holder could be converted as of the record date. The holders of shares of the
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled
to vote. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted
and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into
which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be disregarded.

(4) Adjustment in Authorized Common Stock. The number of authorized shares
of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding) by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the
Corporation.

(ec) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to
one vote for each share held.

6. Amendments and Changes. As long as 1,000,000 shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be issued and outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval
(by vote or written consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least 50% of the outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock:

(a) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Corporation {including pursuant to a merger) if such action would adversely alter the rights,

preferences, privileges or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series A Preferred
Stock;

CXTEMPIPALIBI_24001 18_4.DOC (36169) -]2-
(FRI) 2. 20° 04
FROM CT WILMINGTON — TEAM 6

(b) increase the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock or any series
thereof;

(c) authorize, create (by reclassification, merger, or otherwise) or issue any new
class or series of shares having rights, preferences or privileges with respect to voting, dividends,
redemption or payments upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up senior to or on a parity with the
Series A Preferred Stock;

(d) enter into any transaction or series of related transactions deemed to be a
' liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation pursuant to Section 3(c) above;

(e) authorize a merger, acquisition or sale of substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries;

(f) adversely amend or waive any provision of the Company’s Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative to the Series A Preferred Stock; or

(g) amend this Section 6.

7, Reissuance of Preferred Stock. In the event that any shares of Preferred Stock shal!
be converted pursuant to Section 4 or otherwise repurchased by the Corporation, the shares so
converted, redeemed or repurchased shall be cancelled and shall not be issuable by this Corporation.

8. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Article V to be given to the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s address appearing on the books of
the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation
shall so provide.

ARTICLE VII
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors
of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

ARTICLE VU

The number of directors which constitute the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be
as specified in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

CATEMP\PALIBI_2400118_4.DOC (36169) -13-

42:19/S8T. 12:12/NO. 4863777284 PLA. 20. eect
_ po peperee new

~ ARTICLE IX

1. Limitation of Director’s Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a
director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

2. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of, and advancement of
expenses to, directors, officers, employees, other agents of the Corporation and any other persons to
which the General Corporation Law of Delaware permits the Corporation to provide
indemnification.

3. Repeal or Modification. Any repeal or modification of this Article IX, by amendment
of such section or by operation of law, shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director,
officer, employee or other agent of the Corporation existing at the time of, or increase the liability of
any such person with respect to any acts or omissions in their capacity as a director, officer,
employee, or other agent of the Corporation occurring prior to, such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE X

Whenever a cotpromise or arrangement is proposed between the Corporation and its
creditors or any class of them and/or between the Corporation and its stockholders or any class of
them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a
summary way of the Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application of
any receiver or receivers appointed for the Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of Title 8
of the Delaware Code, order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the
stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in
such manner as the said court directs. Ifa majority in number representing three-fourths in value of
the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the
Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization
of the Corporation as a consequence of such comprotmise or arrangement, the said compromise or
arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the aid application
has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or
class of stockholders, of the Corporation, as the case may be, and also on the Corporation.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

CATEMP\PALIB1_2400118_4.DOC (36169) ~14.
TEAM 6 (FRI) 2. 20°04 12:20/ST. 12:12/NO. 4863777284. Pb ers eae
FROM CT WILMINGTON —

IN WITNESS WHEREOR, this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
has been signed and acknowledged by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation as true and
correct under penaities of perjury, this 19th day of February, 2004.

/s/ Jeff Chinn
Jeff Chinn, Chief Executive Officer

CATEMP\PALIB!_2400118_4:.DOC (36169) -15-
