State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 11:00 AM 07/03/2012
FILED 10:53 AM 07/03/2012
SRV 120802348 - 3708521 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF THE
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
APRIORI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

aPriori Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “General Corporation Law”).

DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

FIRST: The name of this corporation is aPriori Technologies, Inc., and that this
corporation was originally incorporated pursuant to the General Corporation Law on September
26, 2003 under the name FBC Systems, Inc.

SECOND: The Board of Directors of this corporation adopted resolutions setting forth a
proposed amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this
corporation (the “Restated Certificate”), declaring said amendment to be advisable and in the
best interests of this corporation and its stockholders and authorizing the appropriate officers of
this corporation to solicit the consent of the stockholders to such amendment, which resolutions
setting forth the proposed amendment are substantially as follows:

RESOLVED, that Section A of Article FOURTH of the Restated Certificate be amended
and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

“A. Authorization of Stock. This corporation is authorized to issue two
classes of stock to be designated, respectively, common stock and preferred stock.
The total number of shares that this corporation is authorized to issue is twenty-
seven million four hundred thirty-nine thousand seven hundred eighty-four
(27,439,784). The total number of shares of common stock authorized to be
issued is fifteen million five hundred eight thousand two hundred fifty-eight
(15,508,258), par value $0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”). The total
number of shares of preferred stock authorized to be issued is eleven million nine
hundred thirty-one thousand five hundred twenty-six (11,931,526), par value
$0.0001 per share (the “Series Al Preferred Stock”), all of which are designated
as “Series Al Preferred Stock”.”

RESOLVED, that Section 4(d)Gi)(B) of Article IV of the Restated Certificate be
amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

“(B) Up to two million six hundred thirty-seven million seventy five
(2,637,075) shares of Common Stock (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations, subdivisions, recapitalizations or the like) issued to employees, directors,
consultants and other service providers for the primary purpose of soliciting or retaining
their services pursuant to the 2003 Stock Plan;”

RESOLVED, that Section 6(q) of Article [V of the Restated Certificate be amended and

restated to read in its entirety as follows:
“(q) create any new stock option plan or increase the number of shares of
Common Stock reserved for grant under the Company’s 2003 Stock Option Plan to an amount
greater than two million six hundred thirty-seven million seventy five (2,637,075) shares of
Common Stock (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, subdivisions,
recapitalizations or the like); or”

THIRD: That thereafter said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the
provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by written
consent of the stockholders holding the requisite number of shares required by statute given in
accordance with and pursuant to Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, aPriori Technologies, Inc. has caused this Certificate of
Amendment to be signed by its President as of July 3, 2012.

/s/ Stephanie Feraday
Name: Stephanie Feraday

Title: President
