State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 09:39 AM 09/26/2003
FILED 09:25 AM 09/26/2003
SRV 030619939 — 3708521 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
FBC SYSTEMS, INC.

ARTICLE 1
The name of this corporation is FBC Systems, Inc.
ARTICLE 2

A. The address of this corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is
1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, 19801, County of New Castle. The name of this
corporation’s registered agent at such address is Corporation Trust Company.

B. The name and mailing address of the incorporator of this corporation are:

Marc F. Dupre
Gunderson Dettmer et al., LLP
610 Lincoln Street
Waltham, Massachusetts 02451

ARTICLE 3
The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any
lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of
Delaware.
ARTICLE 4
This corporation is authorized to issue one class of stock to be designated “Common
Stock,” with a par value of $0.0001 per share. The total number of shares which this corporation is
authorized to issue is fifteen million (15,000,000).
ARTICLE 5
Except as otherwise provided in this certificate of incorporation, in furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the board of directors is expressly authorized to make,
repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or all of the bylaws of this corporation.

ARTICLE 6

The number of directors of this corporation shall be determined in the manner set forth in
the bylaws of this corporation.

ARTICLE 7

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of this corporation
shall so provide.

GDS VF&H\515973.1
ARTICLE 8

Meeting of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the
bylaws of this corporation may provide. The books of this corporation may be kept (subject to any
provision contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be
designated from time to time by the board of directors or in the bylaws of this corporation.

ARTICLE 9

A director of this corporation shall not be personally liable to this corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for
any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to this corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions
not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under
Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, or (iv) for any transaction from which the
director derived any improper personal benefit. If the General Corporation Law of Delaware is amended
after approval by the stockholders of this Article 9 to authorize corporate action further eliminating or
limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of this corporation shall be
eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of Delaware as so
amended.

Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article9 by the
stockholders of this corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of this
corporation existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director of this corporation with respect
to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to, such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE 10

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) agents of this corporation (and any other persons to
which General Corporation Law of Delaware permits this corporation to provide indemnification) through
bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by Section
145 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, subject only to limits created by applicable General
Corporation Law of Delaware (statutory or non-statutory), with respect to actions for breach of duty to
this corporation, its stockholders and others.

Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article 10
shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director, officer, agent or other person existing at the
time of, or increase the liability of any director of this corporation with respect to any acts or omissions of
such director, officer or agent occurring prior to such amendment, repeal or modification.

ARTICLE 11
This corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision

contained in this certificate of incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all
rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

GDS VF&H\5 15973. ! 2
THE UNDERSIGNED, being the incorporator hereinbefore named, for the purpose of
forming a corporation to do business both within and without the State of Delaware and in pursuance of
the General Corporation Law of Delaware, does make and file this certificate of incorporation, hereby
declaring and certifying that the facts herein stated are true, and accordingly has hereunto set his hand this
26th day of September, 2003.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certificate of
incorporation on this 26th day of September, 2003.

/s/ Marc F. Dupre
Marc F. Dupre

Incorporator

GDSVF&H\515973.1 3
