(XSS INS riven Vi
Of the State a

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
DETERMINATION OF PREFERENCES NOV 2 % 1998
OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK OF oo

CIM VISION INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 3: ws ;
The undersigned, Carl B. Hunt and Jeffrey G. Kurschner, hereby certlty Mit- y oS State
A. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary,

respectively of CIM Vision International Corporation, a California corporation
“*Corporation”)

B. The number of authorized shares constituting the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock is 4,376,475 shares, none of which have been issued.

Cc. Pursuant to_ authority given by the Corporation's Articies of
Incorporation, the Board of Directors has duly adopted the following recitals and
resolutions:

WHEREAS, the Articles of Incorporation of this Corporation provide for a
tlass of shares known as Preferred Stock, issuable from time to time in one or more
series; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of this Corporation is authorized to
determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or
imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, to fix the number of:
shares constituting any such series, and to determine the designation thereof; and

WHEREAS, this Corporation has not issued any Preferred Stock, and the Board
of Directors of this Corporation desires, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the first series of Preferred Stock and
the number of shares constituting and the designation of said series;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors hereby
fixes and determines the designation of, the number of shares constituting, and the
rights, pr ferences, privileges and restrictions relating to, said first series of Preferred
Stock in this Certificate of Determination of Preferences of Series A Preferred Stock
(“Certificate”) as follows: .

\. Designation and Number of Shares.

(a) The first series of Preferred Stock has been designated “Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock” (herein “Series A Preferred”). The Series A Preferred
shall have no par value.
(b} The number of shares constituting the Series A Preferred shall be
4,376,475 shares (the Series A Preferred”).

2. Dividends.

(a) The holders of shares of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to
receive diviiends if, when and as declared by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. The right to receive dividends on Series A Preferred shall be non-
cumulative, and no right to dividends shall accrue by reason of the fact that no dividend
has been declared on the Series A Preferred in any prior year.

(b) The Corporation shall not declare Or pay any distribution (as
defined below) on shares of Common Stock until the holders of the Series A Preferred
then outstanding shall have first received a Gistribution at the same rate per share, as is
declared on shares of Common Stock, treating each share of Series A Preferred as if
converted into Common Stock ad‘usted in accordance with the anti-dilution provisions
of Section 5.

(¢) For purposes of this Section 1, unless the context requires
otherwise, “distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or property without
consideration, whether by way of dividend or otherwise, payable other than in
Common Stock or other securities of the Corporation, or the purchase or redemption of
shares of the Corporation (other than repurchases of Common Stock held by employees
or directors of, or consultants to, the Corporation upon termination of their
employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for such repurchase at a
price not exceeding fair market value of such Shares for cash or property, including any
such transfer, purchase or redemption by a subsidiary of this Corporation, but
excluding distributions upon the liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation.

3. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up; Certain Mergers,

Consolidations and Asset Sales.

(a) In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Series A
Preferred then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its Shareholders, before any payment shall be
made to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount
equal to $3.36 per share (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock
dividend, stock split, combination or other simifar recapitalization affecting such
shares), plus any dividends declared but unpaid on such shares.

A merger, consolidation or other reorganization to which the Corporation is a
patty, Of any acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation in which the shareholders of the Corporation’s Common Stock (the Series

he
A Preferred deemed to be fully converied) immediately prior to such event do not own
a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the surviving corporation
immediately after such event, will be deemed to be a liquidation.

If upon any such liquidation, dissolution cr winding up of the Corporation the
assets of ihe Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shail be
insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series A Preferred the full preferential
- amount to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the above provisions, the entire
assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution shall be distributed solely
among the holders of the Series A Preferred ratably in proportion to the full
preferential amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by
them upon such distribution.

(b) After payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid to
the holders of Series A Preferred, upon the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the Corporation, the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation available for
distribution shall be distributed in equal amounts per share to the holders of Series A
Preferred and the holders of Common Stock (treating cach share of Series A Preferred
as if converted into Common Stock).

4. Voting.

Each holder of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred shall be entitled
to the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into
which the shares of Series A Preferred held by such hoiders are then convertible {as
adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 5 hereof), at each meeting of
stockholders of the Corporation (and written actions of shareholders in lieu of
meetings) with respect to any and all matters presented to the shareholders of the
Corporation for their action or consideration. Except as provided by Jaw, or by the
provisions of Section 8 below, holders of Series A Preferred shall vote together with
the hoiders of Common Stock as a single class.

5. Gptional Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred shali be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and
without the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by
dividing $3.36 by the Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The “Conversion Price” shall initially be $3.36. Such initial Conversion
Price, and the rate at which shares of Series A Preferred may be converted into shares
of Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided below.
{b) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Steck shail
be issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred. In Jieu of any fractiona! shares
to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal
to such fraction multiplied by the then effective Conversion Price.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) In order for a holder of Series A Preferred to convert
shares of Series A Preferred into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender
the certificate or certificates for such shares of Series A Preferred, at the office of the
transfer agent for the Series A Preferred (or at the Principal office of the Corporation if
the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent), together with written notice that such
holder elects to convert all or any number of the shares of the Series A Preferred
represented by such certificate or certificates. Such notice shall state such holder's
name or the names of the nominees in which such’ holder wishes the certificate or
certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. If required by the Corporation,
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written
instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly
executed by the registered holder or his or its attorney duly authorized in writing. The
date of receipt of such certificates and notice by the transfer agent (or by the
Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) shall be the conversion
date (“Conversion Date”). The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after the
Conversion Date, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Series A Preferred,
or to his or its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled, together with cash in lieu of any
fraction of a share.

(ii) The Corporation shall at all times when the Series A
Preferred shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized but
unissued stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series A Preferred,
such number of its duly authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time
be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series A Preferred. Before
taking any action which would cause an adjustment reducing the Conversion Price
below the then par value, if any, of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Series A Preferred, the Corporation will take any corporate action
which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Corporation
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at
such adjusted Conversion Price.

(iii) Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the
Conversion Price shall be made for any declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A
Preferred surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon
conversion, which unpaid dividends shall remain payable in accordance with the terms
of such declaration.
Gv) All shares of Series A Preferred which shal! have been
surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be deemed to be
outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares, including the rights, if any. to
receive notices and to vote, shall immediately cease and terminate on the Conversion
Date, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in
exchange therefor and payment of any dividends dectared but unpaid thereon, and the
person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor
shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock at the close of business on the Conversion Date. Any shares of Series
A Preferred so converted shall be retired and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and
the Corporation (without the need for stockholder action) may from time to time take
such appropriate action as may be necessary to reduce the authorized Series A
Preferred accordingly,

(v) The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other
taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares of Common
Stock upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred pursuant to this Section 5. The
Corporation shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in
respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common
Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series A Preferred so converted
were registered, and no such issuance or delivery shall be made unless and. until the
person or entity requesiing such issuance has paid to the Corporation the ainount of any
such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has
been paid.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diiution Issues:

(iy Special Definitions. For purposes of this Subsection 5(d),
the following definitions shall apply:

(A) “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities,
excluding options described in subsection SD O(DIEID below.

(B) “Original! Issue Date” shall mean the date on
which a share of Series A Preferred was first issued.

(C) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock.

(D) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shalt mean
all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Subsection 5(dMiii) below, deemed
to be issued) by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than:
“"@) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as
«Preferred or upon conversion of Series A

Poe Preferred;

(If) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable by
reason of a dividend, stock split, split up or
‘other distribution on shares of Common Stock
that is covered by Subsection 3(e) or Sf)
below;

(I) up to 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock,
which shares or options therefor may be issued
to employees or directors of, or consultants to,
the Corporation, provided that such shares are
issued pursuant to stock option plans or
agreements that have been approved by the
Corporation’s Board of Directors; or

(IV) shares of Common Stock or Convertible
Securities issued: in connection with a business
acquisition or combination of or by the
Corporation (whether by merger,
consolidation, sale of assets, sale or exchange
of stock or otherwise) or as part of a strategic
alliance or joint venture within the scope of the
Corporation’s business, provided that such
business transaction is approved by the Board
of Directors.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in

the number of Shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Preferred is
convertible shall be made, by adjustment in the Conversion Price: (a) unless the
consideration per share (determined pursuant to Subsection 3(d)(¥)) for an Additional
Share of Common Stock issued or deemed to be issued by the Co poration is less than
the Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to, the issue of
such Additional Shares, or (b) if prior to such issuance, the Corporation receives
written notice from the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of
the Series A. Preferred agreeing that no such adjustment shall be made to such shares of
Series A Preferred as the result of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock
(provided that such notice be applicable only to the specific issuance of Additional
Shares of Common Stock described in such notice, and shall not be applicable to any
otuer or subsequent issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock).
(iti) Issue of Securities Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of
Common Stock.

If the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date
shal! issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the
determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options
or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as
set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provision centained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such
Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities, issuable upon the conversion or
exchange thereof, shail be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as
of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the
Close of business on such record date, provided that Additional Shares of Common
Stock shall not be deemed to have been issued unless the consideration per share
(determined pursuant to Subsection 5(d)(v) hereof) of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock would be less than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, or such record date, as the case may be, and provided
further that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed
to be issued:

(A) No further adjustment in the Conversion Price
shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise of Options or conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities;

(B) ‘If such Options or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase or decrease in
the consideration payable to the Corporation, upon the exercise, conversion or
exchange thereof, the Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or
upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent
adjustments based therev.., shall, upon amy such increase or decrease becoming
effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affecis such
Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities;

(C) Upon the expiration or termination of any
unexercised Option, the Conversion Price computed on the original issuance thereof,
and any subsequent adjustments based thereon. shall be recomputed to reflect such
termination;

(D) In the event of any change in the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise. conversion or exchange of any Option or
Convertible Security, including, but not limited to, a change resulting from the anti-
dilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price then in effect shall forthwith be
was made upon the issuance of such Option, or Converti le: Security ‘not exercised or -
converted prior to such change been made upon the basis of ‘such change; and

readjusted 10 such Conversion Price as would have obtained had the adjustment which

oy A, ad 0 ‘clause (B) or (D)
above shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price to'an amount which
exceeds. the lower of (i) the Conversion Price as in effect on the original adjustment
date applicable to.the Options or Convertible Securities actually exercised or converted,
as the case may be, or (ii) the Conversion Price. that would have been in effect as of the
date of such readjustment as a result of any issuances of Additional Shares of Common
Stock between such original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

©) No readjustment pursuant

In the event the Corporation, after the Original Issue Gate, amends the terms of
any Options or Convertible Securities (whether such Options or convertible Securities
were outstanding on the Original Issue Date or were issued after the Original Issue
Date), then such Options or Convertible Securities, as so amended, shall be deemed to
have been issued after the Original Issue Date and the provisions of this Subsection
3(G)(iii} shall apply.

(iv) | Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of

Additional Shares of Common Stock.

In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Original Issue Date issue
Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to be issued pursuant to Subsection 5(d)(iii), but excluding shares issued as a
stock split or combination as provided in Subsection 5(e) or upon a dividend or
distribution as provided in Subsection 5(f), without consideration or for a consideration
per share less than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior
to such issue, then and in such event, such Conversion Price shall be reduced,
concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by
multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be
(1) the mumber of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue
plus (2) the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration
received or to be received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares
of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such Conversion Price; and (B) the
denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common
Stock so issued: provided that for the purpose of this Subsection 5(d)(iv), all shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of securities convertible into Common Stock
that are outstanding immediately prior to such issue shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For the purposes of this
Subsection 5(d), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any
Additional Shares of Common Stock shail be computed as follows:
(A) Cash and Property erty: Such consideration shall:

Q | insofar as it consists of cash, be computed
at the aggregate of cash received by the Corporation, excluding amounts paid or
payable for accrued interest; so : :

(i) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of sich issue, as.
determined in gcod faith by the Board of Directors; and

(iH) in the event Additional Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the
Corporation for consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such
consideration so received allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock,
computed as provided in clauses (I) and (II) above, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors.

(B) Options and Convertible Securities. The

consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common
Stock deemed to have been issued pursuant to Subsection 3(d)Gil), relating to Options
and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing

(x) the total amount, if any, received or
receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or
Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration
(as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision
contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable io the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertibie Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise
of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, by

(y)} the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any
provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon
the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities.

{e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the

Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date effect a
subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect
immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased. If the
Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date
combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect
immediately before the combination shall be proportionately increased. Any
RSTRNT IETS eek, wernt eval seperate ari a

adjustment under this paragraph shall become. effective at the close of business on the
date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(f) Adjustment for Certain. Dividends and Distributions. In the event
the Corporation at any time, or from. time to time, after the Original Issue Date shall
make or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock
entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock, then and in each such event the Conversion Price then in effect shall
be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such a record date shall
have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying the
Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

(1) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the time of such issuance or the close of business on such
record date, and

(2) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior

to the time of such issuance or the close of business on such |

record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution;

provided, however, if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not
fully paid, or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the
Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such
record date and thereafter the Conversion Price shalf be adjusted pursuant to this
paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends or distributions; and
provided further, however, that no such adjustment shall be made if the holders of
Series A Preferred simultaneously receive a dividend or other distribution of shares of
Common Stock in a number equal to the number of shares of Common Stock as they
would have received if ali outstanding shares of Series A Preferrec had been converted
into Common Stock on the date of such event.

(g) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event

the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original issue Date shall
make or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock
entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the
Corporation other than shares of Common Stock, then and in each such event provision
shal] be made so that the holders of Series A Preferred shall receive upon conversion
thereof in addition to the number of shares of Common Stock receivable thereupon, the
amount of securities of the Corporation that they would have received had the Series A
Preferred been converted into Commor Stock on the date of such event and had they
thereafter, during the period from the date of such event to and including the
conversion date. retained such securities receivabie by them as aforesaid during such

10

Se tama ae nedtit
period, giving application to all adjustments called for during such period under this
paragraph with respect to the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred; and
provided further, however, that no such sdjustment shall be made if the holders of
Series A Preferred simultaneously receive a dividend or other distribution of such
securities in an amount equal to the amount of such securities as they would have
received if al! outstanding shares of Series A Preferred had been converted intc
Common Stock on the date of such event.

(h) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange or Substitution. If the
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred shall be changed

into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether
by capital reorganization, reciassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or
combination of shares or stock dividend provided for below), then and in each such
event, the holder of each such share of Series A Preferred shall have the right
thereafter to convert such share into the kind and amount of shares of stock and other
securities and property receivable upon such reorganization, reclassification, or other
change, by holders of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares
of Series A Preferred might have been converted immediately prior to such
reorganization, reclassification, or change, all subject to further adjustment as provided
herein.

(i) Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization, etc. In case of any
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another corporation or the sale

of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation to another corporation, each
share of Series A Preferred shall thereafter be convertible (or shall be converted into a
security which shall be convertible) into the kind and amount of shares of stock or
other securities or property to which a holder of the number of shares of Common
Stock of the Corporation deliverable upoui conversion of such Series A Preferred would
have been entitled upen such consolidation, merger or sale; and, in such case,
appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) shall oe
made in the application of the provisions in this Section 5 set forth with respect to the
rights and interest thereafter of the holders of the Series A Preferred, to the end that the
provisions set forth in this Section 5 (including provisions with respect to changes in
and other adjustments of the Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly
as reasonably may be. in relation to any shares of stock or other property thereafter
deliverable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred.

(j) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary
action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 5 and in the taking of all
such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion
Rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred against impairment.

ii
©. - Certificate BS 10. JAdjisoments, . Upon the | occurrenice ‘of. each
adjustment or ‘readjustment . of: the Conversion: Price: pursuant. to this Section 5, the
Corporation at its expense shall promptly compiite such adjustment | or readjustment i in
accordance: with the terms: hereof an ‘nish to each: ‘holder of Series A Preferred a
certificate: setting: forth such adjus ent 0 Teadjustment and. 's lowing ‘in detail the facts
upon which such. adjustment or readjustment i is based. The. Corporation shall, upon the
written request ‘at any time of any holder of Series A Preferred, furnish or cause to be
furnished. to. such holder a. similar. certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and
readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price then in effect, and Gi) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which then would be received
upon the conversion of Series A Preferred.

(i) Notice of Record Date. In the event:

(i) that the Corporation declares a dividend (or any other
distribution) on its Common Stock payable in Common Stock
or other securities of the Corporation;

(ii) that the Corporation subdivides or combines its outstanding
shares of Common Stock;

(iii) of any reclassification of the Common Stock of the
Corporation (other than a subdivision or combination of its
outstanding shares of Common Stock or a stock dividend or
stock distribution thereon), cr of any consolidation or merger
of the Corporation into or with another corporation, or of the
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation;
or

(iv) of the involuntary or voluntary dissolution, liquidation or
winding up of the Corporation;

then the Corporation shall cause to be filed at its principal office or at the office of the
transfer agent of the Series A Preferred, and shall cause to be imailed to the holders of
the Series A Preferred at their fast addresses as shown on the records of the
Corporation or such transfer agent, at least ten days prior to the date specified in (A)
below or twenty days before the date specified in (B) below, a notice stating

(A} the record date of such dividend, distribution, subdivision or
combination, or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of
which the holders. of Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination are
to be determined, or

12
(B) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is
expected to become effective, and the date as of which it is
expected that holders of Common Stock of record shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for
securities or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution or
winding up.

6. Mandatory Conversion.

(a) Upon the earlier of (i) the closing of the sale of shares of
Common Stock in a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in which the
aggregate purchase. price to the public equals or exceeds $15,000,000 and the per share
offering price is at least $10.00 (appropriately adjusted in the event of any stock
dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such
shares}, or (ii) the vote or affirmative written consent of the hoiders of a majority of
the Series A Preferred (the “Mandatory Conversion Date”), all outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock, at
the then effective Conversion Price, and thereafter all references herein to the Series A
Preferred shall be deleted and shali be of no further force or effect.

(b) All holders of record of shares of Series A Preferred shall be
given written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Date and the place designated for
mandatory conversion of all such shares of Series A Preferred pursuant to this Section
6. Such notice need not be given in advance of the occurrence of the Mandatory
Conversion Date. Such notice shall be sent by first class or registered mail, postage
prepaid, to each record holder of Series A Preferred at such holder’s address Jast
shown or: the records of the transfer agent for the Series A Preferred (or the records of
the Corporation, if it serves as its own transfer agent). Upon receipt of such notice,
each holder of shares of Series A Preferred shall surrender his or its certificate or
certificates for all such shares to the Corporation at the place designated in such notice,
and shali thereafter receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to
which such holder is entitied pursuant to this Section 6. On the Mandatory Conversion
Date, all rights with respect to the Series A Preferred so converted, including rights, if
any, to receive notices and vote (other than as a holder of Common Stock) will
terminate, except only the rights of the hoiders thereof, upon surrender of their
certificate or certificates therefor, to receive certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such Series A Preferred has been converted, and payment of
any declared but unpaid dividends thereon. If so required by the Corporation,
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written
instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly
executed by the registered holder or by his or its attorney duly authorized in writing.
As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Date and the surrender of the

13
certificate or ‘certificates’ | for Series A A Preferred, the ‘Conporation’ shall ¢ause to be
” issued’ and delivered to such ‘holder, Or: ‘on: his: or its written’ order, a “cettificate or

certificates for the number of full shares, of Common Stock issuable. on such’ conversion
in accordance with the provisions hereof and cash as provided in Subsection 5(b) in
respect of any fraction. or a share. of Common Stock otherwise. issuable upon such
conversion.

(c) All certificates evidencing shares of Series A Preferred which are
required to be surrendered for conversion.in accordance with the provisions hereof
shail, from and after the Mandatory Conversion Date, be deemed to have been retired ©
and cancelled and the shares of Series A Preferred represented thereby converted into
Common Stock for all purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders
thereof to surrender such certificates on or prior to such date, and the person or
persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
shall be treated for all purposes as the record bolder or holders of such shares of
Common: Stock at the close of business on the Mandatory Conversion Date. The
Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for
stockhoider action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized Series A Preferred
accordingly.

7. Redemption. Subject to the provisions of the California General
Corporation Law and to any other applicable fegal restrictions ca the right of a
corporation to redeem its own shares, the Series A Preferred shall be redeemed by the
Corporation upon the written request of at least a majority of the then outstanding
Series A Preferred. Upon such request, the redemption shall be effected in three
substantially equal annual instaliments commencing after the fifth anniversary of the
issuance of the Series A Preferred, which commencement date shall not be less than 45
days after the request (the “Redemption Date”). On the Redemption Date, the
Corporation shall commence the redemption of all outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred by paying the first annual installment. Each share of Series A Preferred to be
so redeemed shall be redeemed against payment in said three installments of an amount in
cash equal to $4.54 per share (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock
dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares),
plus, in each case, all declared and unpaid dividends thereon to the Redemption Date.

Notice of such redemption (the "Redemption Notice”) specifying the Redemption
Date, the redemption price, the number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred to be
redeemed, the number of shares of the Series A Preferred held by the holder which the
Corporation shall redeem on such Redemption Date in accordance with the provisions
hereof, the place where the amount to be paid upon redemption is payable and the date on
which such holder's Conversion Rights (as hereinafter defined) as to such redeemed
shares terminate and calling upon such holder to surrender his certificate or certificates
representing the shares to be redeemed to the Corporation in the manner and at the place
to be designated in such Redemption Notice, shall be mailed, postage prepaid, at least
thisty (36) days prior to said Redemption Date to the holders of record of the Series A

14
Preferred at their respective addresses as the ‘same shall appear on. the books of the
Corporation. On or after the Redemption ‘Date, each holder of shares of the Series A
Preferred to be redeemed shall surrender his certificate or certificates representing such
shares to the Corporation in the manner. and at the place designated in the Redemption
Notice, and thereupon the installments payable upon the redemption shall be paid to the
order of the person whose name appears on‘such certificate or certificates as the owner
thereof. All shares of redeemed stock shall be cancelled and retired and not reissued.

If the Redemption Notice shall have beén so mailed, and if, on or before the
Redemption Date specified in such notice, all funds necessary for each redemption
installment shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from its other
funds, in trust for the account of the holders of the shares to be redeemed, so as to be and
continue to be available therefor, then, on and after said Redemption Date,
notwithstanding that any certificate for shares so called for redemption shall not have
been surrendered for cancellation, the shares represented thereby so called for redemption
shail be deemed to be no longer outstanding, the right to receive dividends thereon shall
cease, and all rights with respect to such shares of Series A Preferred so cafled for
redemption shal} forthwith cease and terminate, except the right of the holders thereof to
receive out of the funds so set aside in trust the installments payable on redemption
thereof but without any interest.

If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption on any
Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem the total number of shares to be redeemed on
such date in accordance with the above, those funds which are legally available will be
used to redeem the maximum possible number of shares ratably among the hoiders of
such shares to be redeemed. The shares of stock not redeemed shall remain outstanding
and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein, and the Corporation shall
redeem such remainder as soon as the Corporation has funds legally available therefor on
one or more occasions as necessary (and in the case of each such required additional
redemption, if the Corporation does not have sufticient funds legally available to redeem
all of such remaining shares required to be redeemed as soon as possible, it shall on each —
such occasion redeem such shares ratably in proportion to the full tredemption amounts
each holder would be entitled to receive).

8. Protective Provisions. In addition to any other rights provided by law,
for so long as at least 20% of the shares of Series A Preferred originally issued by the
Corporation remain cutstanding, the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the
affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of not less than a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred:

(i) Amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision
to, the Corporation's Articles or Incorporation, By-laws, or this Certificate, if such
action would adversely affect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of, or the
restrictions provided for the benefit of, the Series A Preferred;
| e ar Ww or existing class. or classes or
series of capital stock having any ‘preference: or priority. as 10 dividends or assets
superior to or on @_ parity with ° any such preference or: priority . of the Series A
Preferred, or authorize or. issue: shares of stock. of any: class or. any bonds, debentures,

notes or other’ obligations ‘convertibie. into or exchangeable. for, oF ‘having rights to
purchase, any shares of stock of the: Corporation having any preference or priority as to
dividends or. assets. sup2riot to or on a parity with any such preference or priority of
the Series A Preferred, or obligate itself to do any of the foregoing;

(iii) Increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of
Series A Preferred;

(iv) Pay or declare any dividend or distribution on any shares
of its capital stock (except dividends payable solely in shares of Common Stock);

(v) . Apply any of its assets to the redemption, retirement,
purchase or acquisition, directly or indirectly, through subsidiaries or otherwise, of any
shares of its capital stock, except for the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from
Girectors, employees and consultants, pursuant to restricted stock and similar
agreements with respect to the vesting of such shares of Common Stock, not to exceed
$25,000 for each such director, employee or consultant in any 12 month period,

¢vi) Merge or consolidate into or with any other corporation
or other entity or sell all or substantiaiiy all of the Corporation’s assets or take any
other action which results in the holders of the Corporation’s capital stock prior to the
transaction owning less than 50% of the voting power of the Corporation’s capital
stock after the transaction;

(vii) Purchase or redeem any shares of Preferred Stock other
than pursuant to the redemption provisions contained in the Articles of Incorporation:
or

(viii) Permit a subsidiary of the Corporation to issue or obtigate
itself to issue securities to a third party.

D. The authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation

is 5,000,000 and the number of shares constituting Series A Preferred, none of which
has been issued is 4,376,475.

16
20,1998. 1 oe

The undersigned, Carl B. Hunt and Jeffrey G. Kurschner, President and
Secretary, respectively, of CIM Vision International Corporation, declare under penalty

of perjury that the matters set forth in the foregoing Certificate are true and of his own
knowledge.

Executed at Long Beach, California on November 20, 1998.

COA gE QT

Carl B. Hunt

17
