1855145

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
CIM VISION INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

Fil.

an

tn the office of the Seccotary of Stcte

of tha Stare of Cottonnka

Te

Of Siate

ARTICLE I. Name

ARTICLE If. Purpose

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than
the banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted
to be incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE HIE. Directors
The number of Directors of the corporation is 3.

The liability of the directors of the corporation for monetary damages shail be eliminated
to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

ARTICLE IV. Agent for Service of Process

The name and address in the state of California of the corporation's initial agent for service
of process ts:

Sundaresh V. Ramayya

6315 Green Valley Circle
Suite 310

Culver City, California 90230

ARTICLE V. Indemnification

The corporation is authorized, to the fullest extent permissible under California law, to
indemnify its agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code),
whether by bylaw, agreement or otherwise, for breach of duty to this corporation and its
shareholders in excess of that expressly permitted in Section 717 and to advance defense
expenses to its agents in connection with such matters as they are incurred, subject to the
limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the California
Corporations Code.

Page I of 2

MAR 10

The name of the corporation is CIM Vision International Corporation Unerrcd, .
MARCH FONG EY, See
ARTICLE VI

The corporation is authorized to issue only one class of shares of stock; and the total
number of shares which this corporation is authorized to issue is 1,000,000.

Dated: February 26, 1993

Sundaresh V. Ramayya

I declare that I am the person whe executed the foregoing Articles of Incorporation, and
that this instrument is my act and deed.

Sy udoreyo ov (awery YS

Sundaresh V. Ramayya

Page 2 of 2
&/cim VISION, INC.
6315 Green Valley Circle
Suite #310
Culver City, CA 90230
Phone: (310) 649-6762

Secretary of State
Corporate Filing Division
1230 "J" Street
Sacramento, CA 95814

Dear Secretary of State:

As Secretary of CIM Vision, Inc., a California Corporation, please note that CIM Vision,
Inc. has adopted a resolution authorizing the incorporators' of CIM Vision International
Corporation, use of the phrase "CIM Vision" as part of their proposed corporate name.
Therefore, please waive the normal name clearing requiremenits for this new corporate
entity.

Your assistance in this matter is appreciated.

FS emdare Vv. Rowe _ Dated: February 26, 1993

Sundaresh V. Ramayya

Secretary
