AQ640223 oon
(BSS (4S ma tLED TO

: of the State of Callfomia
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF FEB 1.4 2006

APRISO CORPORATION Math
Jane Wike hereby certifies that:
A. She is the Vice President and Secretary of Apriso Corporation, a California

corporation (the “Corporation”).

B. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are amended and restated to read

as follows:
I.
The name of this corporation is Apriso Corporation (the “Corporation”).
i.

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitied to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares designated “Common Stock”
and “Preferred Stock,” respectively, each class without par value. The number of shares of
Common Stock authorized to be issued is 40,000.000 and the number of shares of Preferred
Stock authorized to be issued is 22,239,785,

The Corporation is authorized to issue 4.389.809 shares of Series A Convertible Prelerred
Stock, 10.849,976 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and 7,000,000 shares of Serics
C Convertible Preferred Stock. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, as well as of the holders of such stock, are as set forth
below in this Article IEI.

Section 1. Definitions.
For purposes of this Article III the following definitions shall apply:
(a) “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(b) *Common Stock” shal] mean the Common Stock, no par value, of the
Corporation.

(c) “Common Stock Dividend” shall mean a stock dividend declared and paid
on the Common Stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock.

SD 788237 vo
(412293,0001)
(ad) “Conversion Price” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) of this
Article HI.

(c) “Conversion Rights” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to
Section 5 of this Article III.

(f) “Convertible Preferred Stock” shal! mean the Serics A Preferred, the
Series B Preferred and the Scries C Preferred, collectively.

(z) “Convertible Securities” shall mean evidences of indebtedness, shares of
stock or other securities which are at any time directly or indirectly convertible into or
exchangeable for Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(h) “Corporation” shall mean this corporation.

(i) “Liquidation” shall include any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation and shall also include any reorganization, merger or
sale of assets described in Section 3(b) below.

(j) “Qualified Public Offering” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5(b)(i) below.

(k) “Original Issue Price shall mean $3.1989 per share for the Series A
Preferred, $1.8928 per share for the Serics B Preferred and $1.8928 per share for the Series C
Preferred, as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications, recapitalization or
similar capital modifications, with respect to each such Series of Convertible Preferred Stock.

(I) “Permitted Repurchases” shall mean the repurchase by the Corporation of
shares of Common Stock held by employees, officers. directors. consultants, independent
contractors. advisors. or other persons performing services lor the Corporation or a subsidiary
that are subject to restricted stock purchase aurcements or stock option exercise agreements
under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares: (i) at cost, upon the
occurrence of certain cvents, such as the termination of employment or services or (ii) at any
price pursuant to the Curporation’s exercise of a right of first refusal to repurchase such shares
provided such repurchase is approved by the Board of Directors.

(im) “Series A Preferred” shall mean the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.
no par value per share, of this Corporation,

(n) *Serics B Preferred” shall mean the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock,
no par value per share, of this Corporation.

(0) “Series C Preferred” shall mean the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock,
no par value per share, of this Corporation.

Section 2. Dividends

SD 788237 14
(42243 GOG11

Ww
(a) In each calendar year, the holders of shares of Series C Preferred shall] be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board, out of funds and assets of the Corporation
legally available for that purpose, cumulative dividends at the annual rate (prorated for partial
calendar years during which such shares are outstanding) of eight percent (8%) of the Original
Issue Price per share for the Series C Preferred, before any dividends or other distribution shall
be paid or declared and set aside for the Series B Preferred, the Series A Preferred or the
Conmon Stock (other than a Common Stock Dividend). Such dividends on the Series C
Preferred shall, if and to the extent not paid, be cumulative, accumulate and accrue (on a non-
compounding basis) annually starting in the calendar year in which the such shares are first
issued, and (i) shall become payable upon any Liquidation, except that in connection with an
event described in Section 3(b) below, the aguregate amount of such accrued and accumulated
dividends shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the aggregate amount, if any, of all
distributions which are payable and reccived by the Series C Preferred in such Liquidation under
Section 3(a)(iv) below, and (b) shall terminate and no longer be paid or payable upon a Qualified
Public Offering. The Board shall not pay any other dividends on. or make any other distributions
with respect (o. the Common Stock. Series A Preferred Stock or Serics B Preferred Stock in any
calendar year (other than a Common Stock Dividend), unless and until all such accumulated and
accrued dividends (including all such dividends which shall accrue in such calendar year) on the
Series C Preferred have in fact been fully and currently paid by the Corporation, provided,
however, that this restriction shall not apply to any Permitted Repurchase.

(b) = Afler payment of all accumulated and accrued dividends on the Series C
Preferred, including such dividends in respect of the current calendar year as provided in Section
2(a) above, the holders of shares of Series B Preferred shall be entitled to receive, when and as
declared by the Board, out of funds and assets of the Corporation legally available for that
purpose. cumulative dividends at the annual rate (prorated for partial calendar years during
which such shares are outstanding) of eight percent (8%) of the Original Issue Price per share for
the Series B Preferred, before any dividends or other distribution shall be paid or declared and
set aside for the Series A Preferred or the Common Stock (other than a Common Stock
Dividend). Such dividends on the Serics B Preferred shall, if and to the extent not paid, be
cumulative, accumulate and accruc (on a non-compounding basis) annually starting in the
calendar year in which the such shares arc first issued, and (a) shall become payable upon any
Liquidation, except that in connection with an event described in Section 3(b) below, the
aggregate amount of such accrued and accumulated dividends shall be reduced (but not below
zero) by the aggregate amount, ifany, of all distributions which are payable and reccived by the
Series B Preferred in such Liquidation under Section 3{a}(iv) below, and (b) shall terminate and
no longer be paid or payable upon a Quatified Public Offering. The Board shall not pay any
_other dividends on, or make any other distributions with respect to, the Common Stock or Series
A Preferred Stock in any calendar year (other than a Common Stock Dividend), unless and until
wl such accumulated and accrued dividends (including all such dividends which shall accrue in
such calendar year) on the Serics B Preferred have in fact been fully and currently paid by the
Corporation, provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to any Permitted Repurchase.

(c) — Alter payment of all accumulated and accrued dividends on the Series C
Preferred and the Series B Preferred, including such dividends in respect of the current calendar
yeur as provided in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, any further dividends may be paid in such
calendar year, when, ifiund as declared by the Board, out of funds and assets of the Corporation

SD 788237 v6 3
(42293.0001)
legally available for that purpose, only if paid to all the holders of Common Stock, Series A
Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock concurrently in equal
amounts per share (determined on an as-converted basis with respect to the Convertible Preferred
Stock). Dividends under this Section 2(c) shall not be mandatory or cumulative, and no rights or
interest shall accrue to the holders of the Common Stock, Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred
or Series C Preferred by reason of the fact that the Corporation shall fail to declare or pay
dividends on the such shares in any amount in any calendar year or any fiscal year of the
Corporation, whether or not the earnings of the Corporation in any calendar year or fiscal year
were sufficient to pay such dividends in whole or in part.

(d) Whenever a dividend or distribution provided for in this Section 2 shall be
payable in property other than cash, the value of such dividend or distribution shall be deemed to
be the fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors
of the Corporation.

Section 3. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up

(a) In the event of a Liquidation, al! assets and funds of the Corporation
levally available for distribution shall be distributed to the holders of the Common Stock, the
Series A Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the Series C Preferred in the following order of
priority:

(i) First, ratably amony the holders of the Series C Preferred until
such holders have received the preferential amount of the Original Issue Price per share of the
Series C Preferred plus all declared and unpaid dividends thereon and all accrued but unpaid
dividends required to be paid pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2 above; provided, however, that
i! the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Serics C Preferred are
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of their full preferential amounts described in
this subsection. then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for payment
or distribution shall be paid or distributed among the holders of the Series C Preterred ratably in
proportion to such full preferential amounts each such holder would be entitled to first receive;

(it) Second, subject to the prior payment in full of the liquidation
preference of the Series C Preferred (as provided in clause (i) above), ralably among the holders
of the Serics B Preferred until such holders have received the preferential amount of the Original
Issue Price per share of the Series B Preferred plus all declared and unpaid dividends thereon and
all aecrucd but unpaid dividends required to be paid pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2 above; -
provided, however, that if the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series B
Preferred are insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of their full preferential amounts
described in this subsection, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available
for payment or distribution shall be paid or distributed among the holders of the Series B
Preferred ratably in proportion to such full preferential amounts each such holder would be
entided to then receive;

(iii) = Third, subject to the prior payment in full of the liquidation
prelérence of the Scries B Preferred (as provided in clause (ii) above), ratably among the holders
of the Series A Preferred until such holders have received the preferential amount of the Original

SID 788237 v6 4
(42293 0001)
Issue Price per share of the Series A Preferred plus all declared and unpaid dividends thercon,
provided, however, that it the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A
Preferred are insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of their full preferential amounts
described in this subjection, then the entire remaining assets and funds of the Corporation legally
available for payment or distribution shal} be paid or distributed among the holders of the Series
A Preferred ratably in proportion to such full preferential amounts each such holder would be
entitled to then receive;

(iv) Fourth, subject to the prior payment in full of the liquidation
preferences of the Series C Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the Series A Prelerred (as
provided in clauses (i) through (iii) above), ratably among the holders of the Common Stock and
the Convertible Preferred Stock according to the number of shares of Common Stock (A) then
held. with respect to the Common Stock, and (B) into which the shares of such Convertible
Preferred Stock are then convertible, in the case of the Convertible Preferred Stock, until such
lime as each holder of the then outstanding Series C Preferred and Series B Preferred has
received, in payments or distributions made under this Section 3 (including the amounts received
by the Series C Preferred and the Series B Preferred in clauses (i) and (ii) above) an aggregate
amount equal to four (4) times the Original Issue Price per share of the Series C Preferred for
each share of Series C Preferred held by such holder and four (4) times the Original Issue Price
per share of the Series B Preferred for each share of Series B Preferred held by such holder;

(v) Filth, subject to the prior payment in full of the liquidation
preferences of the Series C Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the Series A Preferred (as
provided in clauses (i) through (iii) above) and the prior payment of the distribution provided in
clause (iv) above, ratably among the holders of the Common Stock and the Series A Preferred
according to the number of shares of Common Stock (A) then held, with respect to the Common
Stock. and (B) into which the shares of such Series A Preferred are then convertible. in the case
of the Series A Preferred. until such time as cach holder of the then outstanding Series A
Preferred has received, in payments or distribution under this Section 3 (including the amounts
received by the Series A Preferred in clause (iii) above) an aggregate amount equal to four (4)
times the Original Issue Price per share of the Series A Preferred for each share of Series A
Preferred held by such holder; and

(vi) Sixth, subject to the prior payment in full of the liquidation
preferences of the Series C Preferred. the Series B Preferred and the Series A Preferred (as
provided in clauses (i) through (iii) above) and the prior payment of the distributions provided in
clauses (iv) and (v) above, to the holders of the Common Stock on a pro rala basis according to
the number of shares of Common Stock then held.

(b) =A Liquidation shall be deemed to inelude the direct or indirect (i) sale of
ul or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, (ii) reorganization, consolidation or
merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or entity or any other transaction or
series of related transaction, in which transaction the Corporation's shareholders immediately
prior to such transaction own immediately after such transaction less than fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding voting securities or outstanding voting power of the surviving corporation (or its
parent).

SD 788237 6 5
(42293 0001)
(c) No adjustment to any Conversion Price pursuant to these Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation shall otherwise alter the above liquidation preference dollar
amounts.

(d) —_s Insofar as anv distribution pursuant to Section 3 consists of property other
than cash. then the value thereof shall, for purposes of the provisions of Section 3 be the fair
value at the tune of such distribution, as determined in good faith by the Board, except that any
securities to be distributed to shareholders in a Liquidation of the Corporation hall be valued as
follows:

(i) The method of valuation of securities not subject to investment
representation letter or other similar restrictions on free marketability shall be as follows:

(1) unless otherwise specified in a definitive agreement for the
acquisition of the Corporation. if the securities are then traded on a national securities exchange.
or the Nasdaq National Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over
the thirty (30) calendar day period ending three (3) trading days prior to the distribution; and

(2) if (1) above does not apply but the securities are actively
traded over-the-counter, then, unless otherwise specified in a definitive agreement for the
acquisition of the Corporation, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid
prices over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the distribution; and

(3) if there is no active public market as described in clauses (i) or (ii)
above. then the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(ii) = The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in subparagraphs (d)(1),(2) or (3) of this subsection to reflect
the approximute fair market vilue thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(e) Each holder of Convertible Preferred Stock shal! be deemed to have
consented, for purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code. to
distributions made by the Corporation and approved by the Board in connection with any
Permitted Repurchase.

Section 4. Voting

(a) Voting Rights. Atall meetings of the shareholders of the Corporation and
in the case of any actions of sharcholders in lieu of a meeting, each share of Common Stock shall
be entitled to one vote, and each share of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one
vole for each share of Common Stock into which such share could then be converted (in
accordance with Section 5 hereof) on the record date set for the meeting or action or, if no record
date is set, on the date of such meeting or the date such action is taken. Fractional votes shall
not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis
(after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred or Series

SD 784237 ve 6
(42243,.0001)
C Preferred held by cach holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole
number (with one-half being rounded upward). Except as otherwise expressly provided below in
this Section 4 or as required by law, the holders of Common Stock and Convertible Preferred
Stock shall vote together as a single class in accordance with the preceding sentence, and neither
the Common Stock nor any of the Convertible Preferred Stock shail be entitled to vote as a
separate class on any matter to be voted on by shareholders of the Corporation.

(b) Protective Provisions - Series A Preferred. The Corporation shall not,
without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent. us provided by law) of at least a
majority of the then outstanding shares of the Serics A Preferred:

(i) Increase the authorized number of shares of Series A Preferred.

(ii) Amend, alter, reclassify or repeal the preferences, privileges,
special rights or other powers of the Scries A Preferred, as set forth herein, or in the Bylaws of
the Corporation, in a manner adverse to the holders thereof, provided, however, that an
amendment authorizing any preferred equity security which is junior to the Series A Preferred as
to dividend rights, redemption rights, voting rights, conversion rights and liquidation preferences
shall not require the separate approval of the Series A Preferred under this clause (ii).

(iii) | Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any capital stock or
other equity security, or reclassify any outstanding shares of the Corporation’s capital stock into
any other security, in any case having rights, preferences or privileges on a parity with the Series
A Preferred as to dividend rights, redemption rights, voting rights; conversion rights or
liquidation preferences.

(c) Protective Provisions - Series B Preferred. The Corporation shall not,
without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of a
majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred:

(i) Increase the authorized number of shares of Series B Preferred.

(ij) = Amend. alter, reclassily or repeal the preferences, privileges,
special rights of other powers of the Series B Preferred, as set forth herein, or in the Bylaws of
the Corporation. in a manner adverse to the halders thereof, provided, however, that an
unendment authorizing any preterred equity security which is junior to the Series B Preferred as
to dividend rights, redemption rights, voting rights, conversion rights and liquidation preferences
shall not require the separate approval of the Series B Preferred under this clause (ii).

(iii) Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue. any capital stock or
other equity security, or reclassify any outstanding shares of the Corporation’s capital stock into
any other securily, in any case having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity
with the Series B Preferred as to dividend rights, redemption rights. voting rights, conversion
rights or liquidation preferences.

(iv) Effect any Liquidation, including any transaction referred to in
Section 3(b).

SU) 788237 v6 7
(42293.0001)
(d) Protective Provisions - Series C Preferred. The Corporation shall not,
without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of a
majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred:

(i) Increase the authorized number of shares of Series C Preferred.

(ii) Amend, alter, reclassify or repeal the preferences, privileges,
special rights of other powers of the Series C Preferred, as set forth herein, or in the Bylaws of
the Corporation, in a manner adverse to the holders thereof; provided, however, that un
amendment authorizing any preferred equity security which is junior to the Series C Preferred as
to dividend rights, redemption rights. voting rights. conversion rights and liquidation preferences
shall not require the separate approval of the Series C Preferred under this clause (ii).

(iii) Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any capital stock or
other equity security, or reclassify any outstanding shares of the Corporation’s capital stock into
any other security, in any case having rights. preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity
with the Series C Preferred as to dividend rights, redemption rights, voting rights, conversion
rights or liquidation preferences.

(iv) Effect any Liquidation, including any transaction referred to in
Section 3(b).

(e) Board Size. The authorized number of directors of the Corporation’s
Board of Directors shall be seven (7). The Corporation shall not alter the authorized number of
directors in its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws or otherwise, without first obtaining the written
consent, or ifirmative vote ata meeting, of the holders of at Icast a majority of the then
outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series A Preferred. cach
consenting or voting (as the case may be), as a separate class.

() Bourd of Directors Electiyn and Removal.

(i) Election of Directors. So long us at least 1,861,612 shares of
Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred in the aggregate are outstanding (such number of
shares being subject to proportional adjustments to reflect combinations or subdivisions thereof
or dividends declured in shares of such stock), (A) the holders of the Series B Preferred and
Series C Preferred, voting as a single and separite class (with cumulative voting rights as among
themselves in accordance with Section 708 of the California Corporations Cade), shall be
entitled to effect vo (2) directors of the Corporation and (B) the holders of the Convertible
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, voting together as a single class (with cumulative voting
rights as among themselves in accordance with Section 708 of the California Corporations Code)
shall be entitled to clect the remaining directors of the Corporation.

(ii} Quorum: Required Vote,

(1) Quorum, At any meeting held for the purpose of electing
directors, the presence in person or by proxy (A) of the holders of a majority of the voting power
represented by the shares of the Serics B Preferred and Series C Preferred then outstanding,
(voting as a single and separate class) shall constitute a quorum for the election of directors to be

SID 788237 vo 8
(42293 0001)
elected by the holders of the Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred, and (B) of holders ofa
majority of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock
and Common Stock shall constitute a quorum for the election of the directors to be elected
jointly by the holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock and the Common Stock.

(2) Required Vote. With respect to the election of any director
or directors by the holders of the outstanding shares of a specified series of stock given the right
to elect such director or directors pursuant to subsection 4(f)(i) above (the “Specified Stock”),
that candidate or those candidates (as applicable) shall be elected who cither: (x) in the case of
any such vote condueted at a meeting of the holders of such Specified Stock, receive the highest
number of affirmative votes (on an as-converted basis) of the outstanding shares of such
Specilied Stock, up to the number of directors to be elected by such Specified Stock; or (y) in the
case of any such vote taken by written consent without a meeting, are elected by the unanimous
written consent of the holders of shares of such Specificd Stock, except that, if such vote is to fill
a vacancy on the Board other than a vacancy created by removal of a director, such vacancy may
be filled by election by the written consent of the holders of a majority (on an as-converted basis)
of the outstanding shares of such Specified Stock entitled to vote pursuant to Section 305(b) of
the California Corporations Code.

(3) Vacanev. If there shall be any vacancy in the office of a
director elected or to be elected by the holders of any Specified Stock, then a director to hold
oflice for the unexpired term of such directorship may be elected by the required vote of holders
of the shares of such Specified Stock specified in subsection 4(¢)(2)(ii) above that are entitled to
elect such dircetor,

(4) Removal. Subject to Section 303 of the California
Corporations Code, any director who shall have been elected to the Board by the holders of any
Specilied Stock, or by any director or directors elected by holders of any Specified Stock as
provided in subsection 4(e)(2)(ii), may be removed during his or her term of office, without
cause, by, and orally by, the affirmative vote of the shares of such Specified Stock entitled to
vote; given either ata meeting of such shareholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a
written consent of shareholders without a mecting, in cither case in accordance with, and subject
1o the provisions of. Section 303 of the California Corporations Code, and any vacancy crested
by such removal may be filed only in the manner provided in subsection 4(e)(3).

(iii) Procedures. Any meeting of the holders of any Specified Stock,
any action taken by the holders of any Specified Stock by written consent without a meeting. in
order to elect or remove a director under this subsection 4(e), shall be held in accordance with
the procedures and provisions of the Corporation's Bylaws. the California Corporations Code
and applicable law regarding shareholder meetings and shareholder actions by written consent,
as such are there in effect (including but not limited to procedures and provisions for determining
the record date for shares entitled to vote).

Section 5. Conversion.

The holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock shall have the following conversion rights
(the “Conversion Rights”):

SD TRX237 v6 9
(42293.0001)
(a) Optional Conversion, Each share of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, without the payment of any additional consideration by the holder thereof and at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of
the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Common Stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $3.1989 (in the case of the
Series A Preferred) and $1.8928 (in the case of the Series B Preferred and the Series C
Preferred), by the then applicable Conversion Price, determined as hereinalter provided, in effect
at the time of conversion. The Conversion Price at which shares of Common Stock shall be
deliverable upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock without the payment of any
additional consideration by the holder thereof (the “Conversion Price”) shall, immediately upon
the fling of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and prior to the issuance of
any shares of Series C Preferred, be $2.6677692 (in the case of the Series A Preferred), and
$1.8928 (in the case of the Series B Preferred and the Series C Preferred). Such initial
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred shall be adjusted in connection with the issuance of
shares of Series C Preferred and subject to further adjustment as hereinafter provided, and the
initial Conversion Price of the Serics B Preferred and the Series C Preferred shall be subject to
adjustment as hereinafler provided.

(b) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Upon the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public
offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act, covering the offer and sale
of the Corporation’s Common Stock ata per share price to the public is not less than three (3)
times the Original Issue price per share of the Serics B Preferred and with aggregate proceeds to
the Corporation of the Common Stock sold in such offering equals or exceeds $30,000,000 (a
“Qualilied Public Offering”), then cach share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into such number of fully
paid and nonussessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $3.1989, in the
case of the Series A Preferred Stock. or $1.8928, in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock and
the Series C Preferred Stock. by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect for a share of such
stuck.

(ii) Additionally, each share of each series of Convertible Preferred
Stock shall be automatically converted into such number of fully paid and nenassessuble shares
of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $3.1989 (in the case of the Sertes A Preferred
Stock), and $1.8928 (in the case of the Serics B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred
Stock) by the applicuble Conversion Price then in effect for a share of such stock upon the
approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of at least a majority of the then
outstanding shares of such series. Each such series shall vote separately (and not together with
other series as class) with respect to any such automatic conversion of such series pursuant to
this subparagraph (11).

{c) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the
holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the then fair market value of the Corporation's Common Stock as determined in
good faith by the Board.

SD 788237 v6 10
(42293.0001)
(d) Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Convertible
Preferred Stock shall be converted pursuant to this Section 5, the shares so converted shall be
cancelled, shall not be reissued by the Corporation and shall cease to be part of the authorized
capital stock of the Corporation.

(e) Mechanics of Optional Conversion. Each holder of Convertible Prelerred
Stock who eleets to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or instruments
of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or by
his attorney duly authorized in writing, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent
for the Convertible Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such
office that such holder elects to convert the same and shall state therein such holder’s name or
the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of
Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation shall, promptly thereafter, issue and deliver at
such office to such holder of Convertible Preferred Stock, or to such holder’s nominee or
nominees, a certificule or certilicates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. together with cash in lieu of any fraction ofa share. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the
date of such surrender of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to be converted, and the
person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall
be treated for al purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock at the
close of business on such date. From and alter such date, all rights of the holder with respect to
the Convertible Preferred Stuck so converted shall terminate, except only the right of such holder
to receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
thereof and cash for fractional shares, plus any dividends thereon (excluding any cumulative
dividends provided for by Section 2(a) or Section 2(b) which have not been declared or become
payable at the time of such conversion) declared and unpaid as of the time of such conversion. If
a conversion election under this Section 5(c) is made in connection with an underwritten offering
of the Corporation’s securities pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”)
(which underwritten offering does not cause an automatic conversion pursuant to Section 5(b)(i)
tv take place) the conversion may, at the option ef the holder tendering shares of Convertible
Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale
of the Corporation’s securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the holders making such
elections who are entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of their Convertible
Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of the Corporation’s securities in the
offering.

(f) Mechanics of Automatic Conversion. All holders of record of shares of
une or more applicable series of Convertible Preferred Stock will be given written notice of the
date of any automatic conversion referenced in Section 5(b) at least ten (10) days prior to the
anticipated date of such conversion. Such notice will be sent by mail, first class, postage
prepaid, to cach record holder of such Convertible Preferred Stock at such holder’s address
itppearing or the stock register. Upon the occurrence of any event specitied in subparagraph 5(b)
above, the outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be converted into Consmon
Stock automatically without the need for any further action by the holders of such shares whether
or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer

SD 788237 vo 11
(4223,0001)
ae

agent; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates
evidencing such shares of Convertible Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or
its transfer agent as provided belaw, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent
that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and exccutes an agreement satisfactory
lo the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with
such certificates. Upon the date of any such automatic conversion, all rights with respect to such
Convertible Preferred Stock will terminate, except only the rights of the holders thereof, upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor. lo receive certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock or other securities into which such Convertible Preferred Stock has
been converted and cash for fractional shares, plus any dividends thereon declared accumulated
and/or and unpaid us of the time of such conversion. All certificates evidencing shares of
Convertible Preferred Stock which are automatically converted in accordance with the provisions
hereof shall, {rom and after the date of such automatic conversion, be deemed to have been
retired and canceled and the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock represented thereby converted
into Common Stock for all purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thercof
te surrender such certificates. As soon as practicable after the date of any such automatic
conversion and the surrender of the certificate or certificates for Convertible Preferred Stock as
aloresaid. the Corporation shall cause to be issued and delivered to such holder. or to such
holder's written order. a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common stock
or other securities issuable on such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof and cash
as provided in Subsection 3(c) in respect of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise
issuable upon such conversion.

w ertain Adjustments to Conversion Price,
ft Certain Adjustments to Conversion P

(i) Adjustment lor Stock Splits, Stock Dividends and Combinations of
Common Stock. Jn the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall, after the filing of
these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, be further subdivided (split), or combined
(reverse split), or in the event of any dividend or other distribution payable on the Common
Stock in shares of Common Stock (a “Common Stock Event”), the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such subdivision, combination, dividend or other distribution shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such Common Stock Event be proportionately adjusted by
multiplying the Conversion Price of such series of Convertible Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to such Common Stock Event by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to such
Common Stock Event, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately afler such Common Stock Event, and the
product so obtained shall thereafter be the Conversion Price for such series of Convertible
Preferred Stock, subject to further adjustment as provided herein. The Conversion Price fora
scrics of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the happening
of each subsequent Cammon Stock Event.

(ii) ~~ Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization, Ete. Incase ofa
reorganization or exchange transaction or any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with

another corporation (other than a merger or other reorganization which is deemed to be a
Liquidation and other than a Common Stock Event or reclassification or recapitalization

SI) 783237 vo 12
(2253.01) ~
provided for elsewhere in this Section 5(g)), then as a part of such reorganization, exchange,
consolidation or merger provision shal] be made such that each share of Convertible Preferred
Stock shall thereafter be convertible into the number of shares of stock or other securities or
property to which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation
deliverable upon conversion of such Convertible Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon
such reorganization, exchange. consolidation or merger: and. in any such case, appropriate
adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board) shall be made in the application of the
provisions herein set forth with respect to the rights and interests thereafter of the holders of the
Convertible Preferred Stock. to the end that the provisions set forth herein (including provisions
with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the Conversion Price) shall thereafier be
applicable, as nearly equivalently as reasonably possible.

(iii) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event
the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the filing of these Amended and Restated

Articles of Incorporation pays, makes, or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the
Compuny other than shares of Common Stock, then and in each such event provision shall be
made so that the holders of Convertible Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion thereof, in
addition to the number of shares of Common Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of
securities of the Company which they would have received had their Convertible Preferred Stock
been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event (or such record date, as applicable)
and had they thereafler. during the period from the date of such event to and including the
conversion date, retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period,
subject to all other adjustments called for during such period under this Section 5 with respect to
the rights of the holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock.

(iv) Adjustment for Reclassification. Exchange and Substitution. In the
event that at any time or from time to time after the filing of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible
Preferred Stock is changed into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes
of stock, whether by recapitalization. reclassification or otherwise (other than by a Common
Stock Event or a stock dividend, reorganization, merger or consolidation provided for elsewhere
in this Scetion 5(z)). then in any such event each holder of Convertible Preferred Stock shall
have the right thereafler lo convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other
securities and property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification or other change by
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock
could have been converted immediately prior to such recapitalization, reclassification or chunge.
al subject to further adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or
properly by the terms thereof.

(h) Sale of Shares Below Conversion Price. The applicable Conversion Price
of the Series A Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the Series C Preferred shall be subject to
adjustment, as follows:

(i) if at any time or from time to time alter the filing of these
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation issues or sclls, or is deemed by
the express provisions of this subparagraph (h) to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of

SD 788237 vo 13
(42293 Oth
Common Stock (as defined in clause (v) below), other than upon a Common Stock Event as
provided in subparagraph (y)(i) above, a reorganization, exchange, consolidation or merger as
provided in subparagraph (g)(ii) above. a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of
the Company as provided in subparagraph (g)(iii) above. or a recapitalization, reclassification or
other change as provided in subparagraph (g)(iv) above, for an Effective Price (as defined in
clause (v) below) less than the then existing Conversion Price (or, if an adjusted Conversion
Price shall be in effect by reason of a previous adjustment, then less than such adjusted
Conversion Price) applicable to the Series A Preferred, the then-existing Conversion Price of the
Series A Preferred shal] be reduced, as of the opening of business on the date of such issue or
sale, to a price determined by multiplying the then-existing Conversion Price of the Series A
Preferred by a lractian (1) the numerator of which shall be the sum of (A) the number of shares
olf Common Stock outstanding at the close of business on the day next preceding the date of such
issue or sale, plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration
reecived (or by the express provisions hereof deemed to have been reccived) by the Corporation
for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued or sold would purchase at
such Conversion Price, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding at the close of business on the date of such issue after giving effect
lo such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock, provided, however, that for the purposes of
this clause (i) all shares of Common Stock then issuable upon conversion or exercise of then
oulstinding rights or options to acquire Common Stock or other stocks or securities convertible
Common Stock shall be decimed to be outstanding.

If at any time or from time to time after the filing of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions
of this paragraph (h) to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined in
clause (v) below), other than upon a Common Stock Event as provided in subparagraph (g)(i)
above, a reorganization, exchange. consolidation or merger as provided in subparagraph (g)(ii)
above, a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the Company as provided in
subparagraph (2)(iii) above, or a recapitalization, reclassification or other change as provided in
subparagraph (2)(iv) above, for an Effective Price less than the then existing Conversion Price
(or, fan adjusted Conversion Price shall be in effect by reason of a previous adjustment, then
less than such adjusted Conversion Price) applicable to the Series B Preferred and the Series C
Preferred, then in each such cause the then-existing Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred
und the Series C Preferred shall be reduced. as of the opening of business on the date of such
issuc or sale, fo 2 price equal to the lowest consideration per share for which any such Additional
Shares of Common Stock are issued or deemed issued.

(ji) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under this
subparagraph (h), the consideration received by the Corporation for any issue or sale of securities
shall (A) to the extent it consists of cash. be computed at the yross amount of cash received by
the Corporation before deducting any expenses payable by the Corporation and any underwriting
or similar commissions, compensation, or concessions paid or allowed by the Corporation in
connection with such issue or sale, (B) to the extent it consists of property, be cumputed as
determined in good faith by the Board, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock,
Convertible Sccurities or rights or options to purchase either Additional Shares of Common
Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or securities or other
assets of the Corporation for a consideration which covers both. be computed as the portion of

SDD 7#8237 vo 14
(42293.0001)
the consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board to be
ullovable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rizhts or
options, as the case may be.

(iii) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this subparagraph
(h). if the Corporation issues or sells any rights, warrants or Options to purchase Common Stock
or any Convertible Securities, then the Corporation shall be deemed to have issued at the time of
the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number of
Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have
received as consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of
the consideration, ifany, received by the Corporation for the issuance of such rights, warrants or
options or Convertible Securities, plus, in the case of such rights, warrants or options, the
minimum amount of consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such
rights, warrants or oplions, plus, in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum amount of
consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation (other than by cancellation of liabilities or
obligation evidenced by such Convertible Securitics) upon the conversion thereof. No further
adjustment of the Conversion Price of the applicable series of Convertible Preferred Stock,
adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, warrants, options or Convertible Securities, shall be
made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock on the exercise of
any such rights, warrants options or the conversion of any such Convertible Securities. Ifany
such rights, warrants or options or the conversion privilege represented by any such Convertible
Securities shall expire without having been fully exercised, then the Conversion Price of the
applicable series of Convertible Preferred Stock. adjusted upon the issuance of such rights,
warrants, options or Convertible Securities, shall be readjusted to the applicable Conversion
Price that would have been in effect had an adjustment been made on the basis that the only
Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued were the Additional Shares of Common Stock, if
uny, actually issued or sold on the exercise of such rights, warrants or options or rights of
conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any,
were issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such
eNercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually reevived by the Corporation lor the granting of
as such righls, warrants or options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration received for
issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually converted, plus the consideration, if any,
actually received by the Corporation (other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations
evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such Convertible Securitics.

(iv) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this subparagraph
(h), if the Corporation issues or sells any rights. warrants or options for the purchase of
Convertible Securities, then the Corporation shall be deemed to have issued at the time of the
issuance of such rights, warrants or options the maximum number of Additional Shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the total amount of Convertible Securities covered
by such rights, warrants or options and to have reccived as consideration for the issuance of such
Additional Shares of Common Stock an amount equal to the amount of consideration, if any,
received by the Corporation for the issuance of such rights, warrants or options, plus the
minimum amount of consideration. ifany, payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such
rights, warrants or options and plus the minimum amount of consideration, if any, payable to the
Corporation (other than by cancellation of Jiabilitics or obligations evidenced by such
Convertible Securiti¢s) upon the conversion of such Convertible Securities. No further

$ID 788237 vo 15
(42293,0001)
adjustment of any Conversion Price, adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, warrants or
options, shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of the Convertible Securities upon the
exercise of such rights, warrants or options or upon the actual issuance of Additional Shares of
Common Stock upon the conversion of such Convertible Securities. The provisions of clause
(iii) above for the readjustment of any Conversion Price upon the expiration of rights, warrants
or option’s or the rights of conversion of Convertible Securities shall apply, the necessary
changes having been made, to the rights, warrants, options and Convertible Securities referred to
in this subpart (iv).

(v) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all shares of
Common Stock issued by the Corporation or deemed issued by the Corporation pursuant to
subsectton (h)(iii) and (h)(iv) upon or after the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation, whether or not subsequently reacquired or retired by the Corporation. other than
shares of Common Stock issued or issuable (A) upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred
Stock; provided, however, that any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Seri¢s B Preferred shall be deemed “Additional Shares of Common Stock” solely with respect 10
the Series A Preferred (such that any further issuance of Series B Preferred after the filing of
these Amended and Restated Arttcles of Incorporation shall be considered an issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock for purposes of adjusting the Conversion Price applicable
to the Series A Preferred); and provided, further, that any shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Series C Preferred shall be deemed “Additional Shares of Common Stock”
only with respect to the Series A Preferred (such that the issuance of the Series C Preferred shall
be considered an issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock for purposes of adjusting the
Conversion Price applicable to the Series A Preferred); (B) to (1) officers. employces or directors
ol, or consultants and advisors to, the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to any stock
purchase or stock option plans or other similar compensatory arrangements outstanding on the
date hereof or approved by the Board of Directors after the date hereof (without limiting the
foregoing and notwithstanding the provisions of this Corporation's Articles of Incorporation as
in elfect prior to the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, any and all
urants of stock options prior to the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation, and the exercise thereof, shall not result in any adjustment to the Conversion Price
vl the Series A Preferred or the Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred); (2) financial
institutions, equipment leasing companies or persons with whom the Corporation has a strategic
business relationship (such as a customer or vendor) pursuant to arrangements determined by the
Board to be in the best business interests of the Corporation; (C) as a dividend or distribution on
the Convertible Preferred Stock; or (D) in connection with the acquisition of any company,
business or assets determined by the Board to be in the best interests of the Corporation . The
“Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the quotient determined by
dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold, or deemed to
have been issued or sold by the Corporation under this subparagraph (1), into the aggregate
consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Corporation for such issue under
this subparagraph (h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(i) Duration of Adjusted Conversion Price. Following each computation or
readjustment of an adjusted Conversion Price as provided above in this Section 5, the new
adjusted Conversion Price shall remain in effect until a further computation or readjustment
thereol is required by this Seetion 3.

SD 788237 v6 16
(412293 1001)
G) Other Action Affecting Common Stock. In case after the filing of these

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation the Corporation shall take uny acuion affecting
its shares of Common Stock. other than an action described above in this Section 5, that in the
good faith opinion of the Board would have a materially adverse effect upon the Conversion
Rights set forth herein, the Conversion Price of the affected Convertible Preferred Stock shall be
adjusted ina mariner and ata time as the Board may in good faith determine to be equitable to
the holders of the affected Convertible Preferred Stock in the circumstances.

(k) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of a Conversion Price of any of the Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 5, the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of such Convertible
Preterred Stock a certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation setting
forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request, al any
time, of any holder of any Convertible Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such
holder a like certificate setting forth: (3) such adjustments and readjusunents; (it) the applicable
Conversion Price of such Convertible Preferred Stock at the time in elfeet; and (iii) the number
of’ shares of Common Stock and the amount. if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of such Convertible Preferred Stock.

(1) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Corporation of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are enulled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend which is the same as cash
dividends paid in previous quurlers) or other distribution. any capital reorganization of the
Corporation, any reclassification or recapitalization of the Corporation’s capital stock, any
consolidation or merger with or into another corporation, any transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation or any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, the
Corporation shall mail to cach holder of Convertible Preferred Stock at least cn (10) ditys prior
to the date specitied for the taking of a record, a notice specifying the date on which any such
record ts to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or other such event.

(m) Common Stock Reserved. The Corporation shall at times reserve and
keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock such number of shares of
Conimon Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the full conversion of all
outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock, and if at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shurcs of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of the Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate
tection as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(n) Payment of faxes. The Corporation will pay ull taxes (other than taxes
based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to the
issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock. other than any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the
issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of
Convertible Preferred Stock so converted were registered,

SD 788237 ve 17
{$2293 yoo) ,
{o) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Articles
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution. issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seck to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions hereof. and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock as set forth
herein against impairment.

M ies C Preferred and Series B Preferred.

Section 6. andatory Redemption of Ser

(a} Mandatory Redemption of Series C Preferred and Series B Preferred. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable (subject to paragraph ({) below) upon or after any date
on or after the date five (5) years from the date of filing of these Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation specified by that affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then
oulstanding shares of the Series C Preferred and Series B Preferred (the “Majority Holders”),
voling together as a single class (such date the “Redemption Date*), redeem (i) first, all but not
less than all of the Series C Preferred at the Series C Redemption Price (as defined below) and
(il) seeond, all but not Icss than all of the Scries B Preferred at the Series B Redemption Price (as
delined below), in the manner hereinafter specified. The Majority Holders shall specify in
writing (the “Redemption Notice”) to the Corporation the Redemption Date, which shall be at
lenst thirty (30) days after the date of such vote and the determination by an independent
Investment banking firm of Pair Market Value (as detined herein). In the event the Corporation
does not have sufficient funds legally available to redeem all of the Series C Preferred and Series
B Preferred as provided above on such date, the Corporation shall on such date redeem (x) first,
pro rata in proportion to the aggregate Series C Redemption Price (us defined in subparagraph
(b} below) cach holder would be entitled to reccive upon redemption of all of the Series C
Preferred, the maximum number of shares of Series C Preferred it can legally redeem, (y)
second. to the extent any funds remain available following the redemption described in clause
(X), pro rai in proportion to the aggregate Series B Redemption Price (as defined in
subparagraph (b) below) each holder would be entitled to receive upon redemption of all of the
Series B Preferred, the maximum number of shares of Scries B Preferred it can legally redeem,
and (Z) shal] redeem the remainder as soon as the Corporation has funds legally available
therefor on une or more occasions as necessary. Shares of Serics C Preferred and Series B
Prejerred, which are subject to redemption hereunder but which have not becn redeemed due to
insufficient legally available funds and assets of the Corporation shall continue to be outstanding
and entitled to all dividend, liquidation. voting, conversion and other rights, prelerences,
privileges and restrictions of the Series C Preferred and Series B Preferred until such shares have
been converted or redeemed. Each deferred date upon which the Corporation redeems shares of
Series C Preterred and Series B Preferred in accordance with the immediately preceding
semtence ts also herein referred to as a “Redemption Dute.”

(b) Price. The per share redemption price for the Series B Preferred (the
“Series B Reclemption Price”) shall be an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the Original
Issue Price per share of the Series B Preferred, or (ii) the Fair Market Value (as determined
pursuant to Section 6(f) below) of cach share of Series B Preferred. The per share redemption
price lor the Series C Preferred (the “Series C Redemption Price,” and together with the Series B

SD) 788237 v6 18
wh22V2 YOOL)
Redemption Price, a “Redemption Price” or the “Redemption Prices”) shall be an amount per
share equal to the greater of (i) the Original Issue Price per share of the Series C Preferred, or (ii)
the Fair Market Value (as determined pursuant to Section 6(£) below) of each share of Series C
Preterred,

(c} Redemption Notice by Company. The Corporation shall, not fess than
twenty (20) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any Redemption Date, mail written
notice (a “Redemption Notice”), postage prepaid, 10 each holder of record of Series B Preferred
and each holder of record of Series C Preferred at the holder’s post office address last shown on
the records of the Corporation. Each Redemption Notice shail state:

(i) the number of the outstanding shares of each series of the Series B
Preferred and Series C Preferred to be redeemed on such Redemption Date:

(ii) the number of shares of each series of the Series B Preferred and/or
Series C Preferred held by the holder which the Corporation shall redeem on such Redemption
Date in aecardance with the provisions hereof;

(iii) that the shares of each series of Scries B Preferred and/or Series C
Preferred held by the holder which the Corporation shall so redeem on such Redemption Date
shall be redeemed or such Redemption Date, which shall be specified as a calendar date and shall
be 2 business day;

(iv) cach applicable Redemption Price: and

{v) the time and manner in, and place at, which the holder is to
surrender to the Corporation on such Redemption Date the certificate or certificates representing
the shares of Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred to be redeemed on such date.

(d)} Surrender of Stock. On or before each Redemption Date, each holder of
Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred to be redeemed pursuant to this Section 6 shall
surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed
on such Redemption Date, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice.
and upon cach such Redemption Date the applicable Redemption Price for such shares shall be
payable to the order of the person whose a name appears on such certificate or certificates as the
owner thereof, or to such payee as such owner may designate in writing to the Corporation prior
1@ each such Redemption Date, and each surrendered certificate shall be canceled and retired.

{e) Jermination of Rights. Ifa Redemption Notice is duly given and if, on or
prior to a Redemption Date, the applicable Redemption Prices are paid, then notwithstanding that
the certificates evidencing any of the shares of Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred so
called for redemption on such Redemption Date have not been surrendered, all rights with
respect to such shares shall forthwith after such Redemption Date cease.

(f} Fair Market Value. For purposes of this Section 6 only, “Fair Market
Value” ol'a shure of Series B Preferred or Series C Preferred, as the cuse may be, as of a
particular date shall mean the fair market value of a share of Series B Preferred or Series C
Preferred. exclusive of Itquidating or minority ownership discounts and shall be determined by

SD 788237 vo 19
(32203,0001)
an independent investment banking or valuation firm. The independent investment banking or
valuation firm named on the Redemption Notice shall determine the Fair Market Value of the
Series B Preferred and the Series C Preterred, unless it is an investment banking or valuation
firm other than Merrill Lynch and Co. or Goldman Sachs and Co. and, within ten days of such
notice the Corporation shail deliver to the Majority Holders written notice of its objection to this
selection of such firm for such purpose, in which case the firm which shall determine the Fair
Market Value of each such series shall be either Merril] Lynch and Co. or Goldman Sachs and
Co. (or their respective successors, if applicable), as selected by the Majority Holders by written
notice delivered to the Corporation.

Section 7. Reassurance of Preferred Stock.

No shares of Convertible Preferred Stock which are redeemed, purchased or acquired by
the Corporation or converted into Common Stock shall be reissued, and all such shares shall be
canceled and eliminated from the shares which the Corporation shall be authorized to issue.

IV.

The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monctary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent permissible under California law. The Corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) for
breich of'duty to the Corporition and its stockholders through bylaw provisions or through
agreements with the agents, or both. in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by
Section 317, of the California Corporations Code, subject to the limits on such excess
indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations Code.

C. The amendments and restutement set forth herein have been duly approved and
udopted by the Board of Directors of this Corporation.

D. The amendments set forth herein have been duly approved by the required vote of
the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code.
The Corporation has outstanding 7,022,875 shares of Common Stock, 4,376.475 shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, 10,849,976 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and
no shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the
amendments equaled or exceeded the vote required for approval. The percentage vote required
lor the approval of the amendments was more than 50% of the Common Stock. more than 50%
ofthe Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, more than 50% of the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock and more than 50% of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class).

SID 7SX237 vi 20
(42293 0001)
The undersigned further declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of her own knowledge.

moh Vice President and Secretary ,

Dated: FEBRUARY 14  , 2006

SO 788237 vi
(42295.0001) .
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION ]
