oa

(85 514S 39578601

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF

APRISG CORPORATION wu wee abt . i

Adam Bartkowski and Jeff Kurschner hereby certify that:

A. They are the President and Secretary, respectively, of Apriso Corporation,
a California corperation (the "Corporation").

B. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are amended and restated
to read as follows:

I,
The name of this corporation is Apriso Corporation (the “Corporation”).
IL.

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
4 Corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

Ii.

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares designated “Common
Stock" and “Preferred Stock", respectively. each class without par value. The number of shares
ef Common Stock authorized to be issued is 30,000,000 and the mamber of shares of Preferred
Stock authorized to be issued is 12,058,149.

The Corvoration is authorized to issue 4,389,809 shares of Series A Convertible
Preferrec Stock and 7,668,340 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions of the-Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, as well as
of the holders of such stock, are as set forth below i in this Article i.

Section |. Definitions.
For purposes of this Article INT the following definitions shall appiy:
(a) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
(b) “Common Stock" shall mean the Common Stock, so par value, of

the Comoration.

H9600/06481/SF/S068855
_ 4) "Common Stock Dividend" shail mean a stock dividend deciared
anc paid on the Common Stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock.

{2} “Conversion Price" shall have the meaning set forth jn Section 5{2)
of this Article Ti,
(f) "Conversion Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in the

preamble to Section 5 of this Article if].

(b) "Convertible Preferred Stock" shall mean the Series A Preferred
and the Series B Preferred, collectively.

(i) "Convertible Securities" shall mean evidences of indebtedness,
shares of stock or other securities which are at any time directly or indirectly convertible into or
exchangeable for Additional Shares of Common Stock, :

G) "Corporation" shall mean this corporation.

(k}) “Liquidation” shall include any voluntary or involuntary
Equidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation and shall algo include any |

reorganization, merger or sale of assets described in Section 3(b) below:

(D "Qualified Public Offering" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section S(bNi) below, - a .
. (mj) "Original Issue Price” shall mean'$3.1 989 per share for the Series A
Preferred, and $1.8928 per share for the Series B Preferred, as adjusted for any stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassifications, recapitalization or similar capital modifications, with respect to each .
such Series of Convertible Preferrea Stock. re .

. (2). "Permitted Repurchases" shall mean the repurchase by the
Corporation of shares of Common Stock held by- employees, officers, directors, consultants,
independent conttactors, advisors, or other persons performing services for the Corporation or a
subsidiary that are subject to restricted stock purchase agreements or stock option exercise
agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares: (i) at cost,
upon the occurrence of certain.events, such as the termination of employment or services; or (ii)
at any price purswant to the Corporation’s exercise of a ri ght of first refusal to repurchase such -
shares provided such repurchase is approved by the Board of Directors. ©

; (9) “Series A Préferred" shal] mean the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, no par value per share, of this Corporation.

(p) "Series B Preferred” shail mean ihe Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock, no par value per share, of this Corporation. :

a) - H9000/G0481/S¥/S06ags5.2
Section 2. Dividends

{a) In each calendar year, the holders of shares of Series B Preferred shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board, out of funds and assets of the Corporation
legally available for that purpose, cumulative dividends at the annual rate (prorated for partial
caiendar years during which such shares are outstanding) of eight percent (8%) of the Original
insne Price per share for the Series B Preferred, before any dividends or other distribution shai! be
oaid or declared and set aside for the Series A Preferred or the Common Stock (other than a
Common Stock Dividend). Such dividends on the Series B Preferred shall, if and to the exter:t
not paid, be cumulative, accumulate and accrue (on a non-compounding basis) annually starting
in the calendar year in which the such shares are first issued, and (a) shall become payable upon
any Liquidation, except that in connection with an event described in Section 3/b) below, the
uggregais amount of such accrued and accumulated dividends shall be reduced (but not below
zero) by the aggregate amount, if any, of all distributions which are payable and received by the
Series B Preferred in such Liquidation under Section 3(a)(iii) below, and (b) shall terminate and
nd longer be paid or payable upon a Qualified Public Offering. The Board-shall not pay any other
cividends on, or make any other distributions with respect to, the Common Stock or Series A
Preferred Stock in any caiendar year (other :han a Common Stock Dividend), unless and unti! ail
such accumulated and accrued dividends (including all such dividends which shall accrue in such
calendar year} on the Series B Preferred have in fact been fully and currently paid by the
Corporation: provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to any Permitted Repurchase.

Le

ct

. . (0) After payment of all accumulated and accrued dividends on the
Series B Preferred, including stich dividends in respect of the current calendar. year as provided in
Section 2(a} above, any further dividends may be paid in such calendar year, when, if and as
declared by the Board, out of funds and assets of the Corporation legally available for that
purpose, only if paid to all the holders of Common Stock Series A Preferred Stock aid Series B
Preferred Stock concurrently in equal amounts per share (determined on an-as-converted basis
with respect to the Convertible Preferred Stock). Dividends under this Section 2(b) shall not be
mandatory or cumulative, and no rights or interest shali accrue to the holders of the Common
Stock, Series 4 Preferred or Series B Preferred by reason of the fact that the Corporation shail
fail to declare or pay dividends on the such shares in any amount in any calendar year or any
fiscal year of the Corporation, whether or not the earnings of.the Corporation in any calendar year

or viscal year were sufficient to pay such dividends in whole or in part.

(c) _ Whenever a.dividend.or distribution provided for in this Section 2 shall be
payable in property other than cash, the value of such dividend or distribution shall be deemed to
be the fair market value of such property'as determined in good-faith by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation. ee i : Oo

3 H90CO0/00481/SF/5068855.2
Section 3. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up

(a) ‘In the event of a Liquidation, all assets and funds of the Corporation legally
‘ailabie for distribution shall be distributed to the holders of the Common Stock, the Series A

a

Prefon ed and the Series B Preferred in the following order of priority:

(7) First, ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred until such

hoiders have received the preferential amount of the Original Issue Price per share of the Series B
Preierred plus all declared and unpaid dividends thereon and all accrued but unpaid dividends

required io be paid pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2 above; provided, however, that if the assets
and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series B-Preferred are insusficient to permit
the payment to such holders of their full preferential amounts described in this subsection, then
the entire asseis and funds of the Corporation legally available for payment or distribution shall
be paid or distributed among the holders of the Series B Preferred ratably in proportion to such
full prevérettial amounts each such holder would be entitled to first receive;

(ii) Second, subject to the prior payment in full of the liquidation

preference of the Series B Preferred (as provided in clause (i) above), ratably among the holders

of the Series A Prefered until suich holders have received the preferential amount of the Original
issue Price per share of the Series A Preferr-d plus all declared and unpaid dividends therzon;
providec, however, that if the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders'of the Series. -
Preferred are insufficient to permit the payment'to such holders of their full preferential. amounts
described in this subjection, then the entire-z remaining assets and fands of the Corporation legally
available for payment or distribution shail be paid or-distributed among the holders of the meriee
A Preferred ratably in proportion to stich. fall preferential amounts each ‘such holder would
entitled to then receive; -

GID Third, subject to the prior r payment in fail o of the I iquidation
preference of the Series B Preferred and the Series A Preferred (as provided i in clauses (i) and ( (ii}
above), ratably among the holders of the Common Stock and the Convertibie Preferred Stock
according to the number of shares of. Common Stock (Ay then held, with respect to the Common.
Stock, and (B) into which the:shares of-such. Convertible Preferred. Stock , are then convertible, in
the case of the Convertible Preferred: Stock, until such time-as: each holder of the then outstanding
Series B Preferred has received, in payments or distributions made under this Section 3, Oo
(including the amount received by the Series B Preferred in clause ¢ (i) above) an ag gregate amount
equal to four (4) times the Original. Issue. Price per share of the s Series B Preferred | for each. share.
of Seties B Preferred, held by. such holder; os vos SS

(iw) Fourth, dubjec: to the pr prior. of payment: in full of the liquidation
oreference of the Series B Preferred ; and the Séties A Preferred (as provided i in clauses {i) and (ii)
above). and the prior payment’ of: the. distribution provided i in-clause (iii). above, | ratably among the
holders of the Common Stock and the Series. “A referred according’ to the numberof shares of
Coramon Stack ¢, A} then: held, with: respect: to the { ‘ommion Stock, and (B)- inte which the shares
of such. Series .A Preferred are then: convertible, in the case ‘of the Series.A. Preferred, until such
time as-each holder of the then’ outstanding Seri es AX Preferred has received, in payments or

4 oa H9006/00481/SF/5068855.2
estribublon under this Section 3 (including the amounts received by the Series A Preferred in
auses (21) and (iii) above) an aggregate amount equal to four (4) times the Ori ginal Issue Price
per shazé of the Series A Preferred for each share of Series A Preferred held by such holder; and

(v) Fifth, subject to the prior payment 7 full of the liquidation

preference of the Series B Preferred and the Series A Preferred (as provided in clauses (1) and 1}

oove) and the prior payment of the distributions provided in clauses (iii) and (iv) above, to the

olders of the Common Stock on 2 pro rata basis according to the number of shares of Common
Stock then held.

.

“

{b) A Liquidation shall be deemed to include, the direct or indirect, (i) sale of
all or substantially all of the.assets of the Corporation, (ii). reorganization, consolidation or merger
of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or entity or any other transaction or se<ies of
related transaction, in which transaction the Corporation's shareholders immediaiely prior to such

transaction own immediately after such transaction less than fifty. percent. (50%) of the .
outstanding voting securities or outstanding voting power of the surviving CG “poration ( for its
parent).

(cy No adjustment to any Conversion Price pursuant io these Amended and }

Restated Articles of "Incorporation st shail otherwise alter the above Tiquidation preference dollar -
amounts. :

@- _ Insofar as any. cst

iné me oi by the Board. e exept tha thar any.
iquidation of. the C ci men tion’ spall be valued as

vah ue at the time of such distibudain as
securities i0 be distributed: to shareholde
follows:

@ The: method of valuation of. securities ‘not st Subject to investment
representation letter or other similar restrictions on free marketability Shall. be as follows:

oe unless stherwise. specified in adefinitive agreement for the

or (ii) above, then the valtie shall be! the fair arket value thereof as determined | in eo faith by "
the Board of Directors of the  Cogpor 0 a ,

a 5: an 89000/00481/SF/50¢R855 2

(ii) | The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or
other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market
vaiue determined as above in subparagraphs (d)(1),(2) or (3) of this subsection to reflect the

approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors,

(e} Each holder of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have
consented, for purposes of Sections 502, 503 and 506 of the California Corporations Code, to
distributions made by the Corporation and approved by the Board in connection with ary

_ Perraitted Repurchase. -
Section 4, Voting

(a) Voting Rights. At ail meetings of the shareholders of the Corporation and
in the case of anv actions of shareholders in lieu of a meeting, each share of Common Stock shall
be entitled to one vote, and each share of Converti ble Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one voie
for each share of Common Stock into which such share could then be converted (in accordance
with Section 5 hereof) on the record date set for the meeting or action or, if no record date is set,
on the date of such meeting or the date such action is taken. Fractional votes shail not, however,
be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating
all shares into which shares of Series A Preferred or Series B Preferred held by each holder could
be converted) shail be rounded to the nearest whole numiber (with one-half beingrounded .
upward). Except.as otherwise expressly provided below in this Section 4.ot as required by law,
the holders of Common Stock and Convertible Pr ferted Stock shall vote together as a single
class in accordance with the preceding sentence, and neither the Common Stock nor any of the
Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to, vote as.a separate class on any thatter'to be-voted
on by shareholders of the Corporation, © a

| (6) Protective Provisions - Series A Preferred: The Corporation shall not,
without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law)-of at least a
majority of the then outstanding shares of the Seriés A Preférred: . mo

crease the authorized ‘number of shares of Series A Preferred or
the Series & Preferred’. 00. Oy a pe

s

Gi) Amend; alter, reclassify or repeal the preferences, privileges,
Special rights or other powers of the Series A Preferred, t forth hereini, or in the Bylaws of the

rovided; however, that an amendwient
authorizing any preferted u 6 Series ‘A Preferred as t dividend
rights; redemption rights, vo i dation preferences shall not.
require the separate approval o 1 PE ne,

eits F to issue, any-capital stock or

ing shares of the Corporation’s capital-stock into

ats

ferences or privileges senior to or on a parity

».H9000/00482/SP/5068a55.2

ith the Series A Preferred as to dividend rights, redemption rights, voting rights, conversion
rights or liquidation preferences.

(iv) Effect any Liquidation, including any transaction referred to in:
Section 3{d}.

{c) Protective Provisions - Series B Preferred. The Corporation shai! not.
without rst cbtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by jaw) of a maiority
of the then outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred:

(4) Increase the authorized number of shares of Series B Preferred.

(ii) Amend, alter, reclassify or :epeal the preferences, privileges,
spacial rights or other powers of the Series B Preferred, as. set forth herein, or in the Bylaws cf the
Corpor ation, In @ manner adverse to the holders thereof; provided, however, that an amendment
authorizing any preferred equity security which is junior to the Series B Preferred as to dividend

rights, redemption rights, voting rights, conversion rights and liquidation preferences shall not
reduire the separate approval of the Series B Preferred under this clause (i).

(ii) Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, ai y capital stock cr:
other equity security, or reclassify any outstanding shares of the Corporation’s capital stock into
any other security, in any case having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity,
with the Series B Preferred as to dividend rights, redemption rights, voting righis, conversion
rights or liquidation preferences.

(iv) Effect any Liquidation, including any transaction referred to in»

{d) Board Size. The authorized number of directors of the Carporation’s
Board of Directors shall be seven (7): The Corporation shall not alter the authorized number of
directors in its Articles of Incorporation; Bylaws or otherwise; without: first obtaining the written
consent, or affirmative vote at a meeting, of the holders of ai least a majority of the then —
auistanding shares of the Series B Preferred and Series A Preferred, each consenting or voting (as
the case may be), as a separate class.

(e) Board of Directors Election and Removal.

Gy Election of Directors. So long as at least 1,861,690 shares of Series
8 Preferred are outstanding (such number of shares being subject to proportional adjustments to
reflect combinations or subdivisions thereof or dividends. declared in shares of such stock), the
holders of the Series B Preferred, voting as a separate class (with cumulative voting rights as
among themselves in accordance with Section 708 of the California Corporations Code), shal! oe
entitled to etect two (2) directors of the Corporation (the “Series B Directors”) anid (ii) the hoiders

7 H9000/00481/SF/5068855 .2
major ity of the
ef k and Common

im order rio elect or remo
the procedures. and prov

: Section 5. “Conversion. oo

he holders: of the Convertible PrefoedS Stock shail have the following
conversion ri ont ots 1s (he "Conversion Rights"):

® Optional Conversion, ‘Bach shave of C Conv ertible Preferred Stock shall b
rn he: payment f any: addin ional: consid sration by the holder thereof.and at the -
‘time's or the date. 0: ee: of such share, at the office of

convertible, with

Series A Pref fered), 2 and $1, ont on Sa the c case’ of the cael ene Prefered), by the. then ‘applicable
Conversi ion Price, determined as ereinafter ro ded, j in. effect oficc on

offering puisuant to ‘an
_ of the Corporation’ 's Cor i
times the Original Issue

| ally paid and wionasséasable + shares of
nec case of the: Series. A Preferred —

“ svoj oani/o#/sosdons
Stoclo, ‘aid $1. 8928 Gn t
Price then ib: effect. for a
provided by law} Of at

series shall vote. separet

auromatic conversi 10;

Cota MEY we

good § faith py the Board.

(d) . tatus sof Converted Stock.. In thes event any shares of Convertible
Preferred Stack’ shal! be converted pursuant to this Section 5, ‘the shares so converted shail j be
cancelled, shall not be reissued by the Corporation: and shall cease to be part of the authorized
capital stock of the Corporatio ee bo

(e) Mechanics of 6 ional Conversion Bach holder of Convertible 1 Preferred
Stock who elects to convert the'same into: full shares of Common’ ‘Stock, shall surrender the
certificate or certificates theréfor,’ eridorsed or accompanied by Written instrument or instrumenis
of transfer, in form. sat isfactory, to the Corporation, duly executed. by the registered hélder or by
nis attomey. duly ae : ? i ing, att Ff yf the Corp on ‘or of z any {ran fer: agent for oe

deen ed toh wes teen was:
surrender of the: share es ‘of
catitie?’ to receive t r
aking such elections. ho are
ing :

entitled to receive Commo
be deemed to have converte
(0 the closing of such sale of the Co

‘onvertible Preferred Stock shall not
erred Stock until immediately prior

securities pursuant to such offering

. tock

(2. - Mechanics of Automatic Conversion. All holders of record of shares of
one or more applicable series of Convertible Preferred Stock will be given written notice of the

Cate of any automatic conversion referenced in Section 5(b) at least ten (50) days prior to the
anticipated daté of such conversion. Such notice will be sent by mail, first class, postage prepaid,
‘9 each record holder of such Convertible Preferred Stock at’such holder's address appearing on
ne stock register. Upon the occurrence of.any event specified in subparagraph 5(b) above, the
outstanding shares of Convertible referred Stock shall be converted into Cormmon Stock
automatically without the need for any further action by the holders of such shares whether or not
the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent;
provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Cornmon Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock are either delivered to thé Corporation or its transfer agent
as provided below, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates
have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes .an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation from any loss ineutred by it in connection with such certificates.
Upon the date of any such automatic conversion, all rights with respect to. such Convertible

_ Preferred Stock will terminate, éxcept only the rights of the hoiders thereof, upon surrender of
their certificate or certificates thérefor, to receive certificates for the number of shares of Common
Stock or other securities into which such Convertible Preferred Stock has‘been converted and
cash for fractional shares. plus any dividends thereon declared accumulated aitd/or and unpaid as
of che time of such conversion. All certificates evidencing shires of Convertible Preferred Stock
which are automatically converted in accordance withthe provisions hereof shali, from and after
the date of such automatic conversion; ‘be deemed to have been retired and canceled and the
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock represetited thereby converted into Common Stock for aii
purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender such
certificates.. As son as practicable after the date of any stich automatic conversion and the
surrender of the certificate or certificates for Convertible referred Stock as aforesaid, the
Corporation shall cauise'to-be issued arid delivered to stich holder, or to such hoider's written
order, a certificate or certificates for thé number of full shares of Common Stock or other
securities issuable on such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof and cash as

a es

provided in Subsection: 5(c):in respé

issuable upon such conversion.

' these Arhended and Restated

Stock Dividends and Combinations of
5 omimon Stock skall, after the filing of
corporation, be further subdivided (split), or.combined

rticles off

r distribution payable on the Common Stock -

49000/00481/8F/5068655 .2

sevmodiately ae or to "each subd lis
concurrently wit nthe effectivensss ae ommon Stock nt: propor dhs by
of Convertible referred Stock j in n effect: °

ihe number ¢ of “shares of Common Stack ; sued and outstanding immediately prior £0 such
Common Stock’ Event, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of .
Common Stock issued and. outstanding, immediately after such Common Stock Event, and the

- product so obtained shall thereafter be the Conversion Price’ for such. series of Convertibie
Preferred Stock, subject to further adjustment as. provided herein: The Conversion Price fora
series of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be readjusted im the same manner upon the happening
of each subsequent Common Stock Event.

Gi) Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization, Etc. In case of a

reorganization or exchange transaction or any corisolidation-or merger of the Corporation with
another corporation (other than a-merger or other reorganization which j is. deemed to.be a

Liquidation and other than a Common Stock Event or reclassification | or recapitalization provided
for elsewhere in this Section 5(g)), then: asa part of such reorganization, exchange, consolidation
or merger provision shall be made such that each share of Convertible Preferred Stock shail
thereafter be convertible into the number of shares of stock or other securities or property 10 .
which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon -
conversion of such Convertible Preferred Stock would have been. en i ied upon such Se
reorganization, exchange, consolidation-or merger; and, in aly’ such case, appropr iate adjustm ent
{as determined in good faith by the Board) shall be made i in the application of the provisions
herein set forth with respect.to the rights: and interests t hereafter. of the holders of the: Convertible
Preferred Stock, to the end that the provisions set forth herein (including provisions wi ith respect
to.changes in and other adjustments of the Conversion Price) shall thereafter be apph cable, as
nearly equivalently as reasonably possible.

(iii) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions: in the « event
the Corporation et any time or ftomi,time to time after the filing of r the se. Amended and Restated

Articles of Incorporation pays, ‘makes, of fixes. a record date for-thi determination of holders. of
Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend: or other distribution ayabie i in securities of the
Company other than shares of. Common Stoc ok; ‘then and i in each such. event provision shall be
made so that the holders of Convertible Preferred Stock: shall receive upon conversion thereof, in

of the Company which

tee he conversion. ,
such period, subjéct to ' ali
: ‘with respect, +o the rights of

had they hereaien daring the period “fro
date, retained such securities receivable by them: as s aforesaid
other. adiustments called for: during uch Period’ under this Seetio
the holders of the Conve rtible Pretetred Stock. mo

YQ ee, H9000/00481/SF/S0¢aess..2. -

_' Gy) - Adjustment or Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. In the
event that at any time or from time to time after the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation the Common Stock igs the conversion of the Convertible Preferyed
Stock is changed into the same or.a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock,
whether by recapitalization, reclassification or otherwise (other than by a Coramon Stock Event
or a stocx dividend, reorganization, merger or consolidation provided for elsewhere in this
Section 5(g)), then in any such event each holder of Convertible Preferred Stock shall pave the
right thereafter to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other securities and
property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification or other changs by holders of the
number of shares of Common Stock into'‘which such shares of Preferred Stock could have been
converted immediately prior to such recapitalization, reclassification or change, all subject to
further adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or property by the
terms thereot. . .

(h) Sale of Shares Below Conversion Price. The applicable Conversion Price
of the Series A Preferred and the Séries B Preferred shall. be subject to adjustment, as follows:

(i) Tf at any time or from time to time after the filing of these Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed by the
express provisions of this subparagraph (h) to have issued or soid, Additional Shares of Commor. -
Stock (as defined in clause (v) below), other than upon a Common Stock Event as provided in
subparagraph ()(i) above, a reorganization, exchange, consolidation or merger as provided in -
subparagraph (g)(ii) above, a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the
Company as provided in subparagraph (g)(iii) above, or a récapitalization, reclassification or
other change as provided. in subparagraph (g)(iv) above, for an Effective Price (as defined in
slause {v) below) less than the then existing Conversion Price (or, if an adjusted Conversion Price
shal! be in effect by reason of'a previous adjustment, ther less than such adjusted Convérsion:
Price) epplicable to the Series A Preferred, thé then-existing Conversion Price of the Series A
Preferred shal! be reduced, as of the-opening of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a
rice determined by multiplying the then-existing Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred bya
raction (i) the numerator of which shall-be:the sum of (A) the number of shares of Common
ock outstanding at the close of business:on the day next préceding the date of such issue or sale,
pius (B) the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received (or by
the express provisions héreof deemed to have been received) by. the’ Corporation for the total
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued or sold would purchase at such
Conversion Price, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the nur iber.of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at the close‘of b § ate of slichissue fter giving effect to such.
issue of Additional Shares of Commion Stock; prov ed, however, that for the’ purposes of this
clause (i), all shares of Common Stock then issuablé upon conversion or exercise of then
outstanding rights or options to-acquire'Conim n Stock. or other stocks or securities convertible
into Common Stock shall’be deemed to be outstanding. : - . re |

s

ra

Le
ead

~}

ot any ti om time-to-time after the date hereof, the Corporation issues or
sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this paragraph (h) to have issued or sold,

abe “HS000/00481/SF/5068855.2. 0.
Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined i in clause (v) below! 5 other then 1 pon a Common
Stock Event as provided in. subparagraph (g)Gi) abe ganization, exchange, consolidation
or merger as provided in subparagraph. (g g)(ii). above, a.div end or other: distribution payable i in
securities of the Company. 4s) ‘provided i in’ subparagrap (gS )( i). above, or a recapitalization,
reclassification or other’ change as provided. in subparagraph (g)Giv) above, for.an. Effective Price
tess than the then-existing Conversion Price (or; if'an adjusted Conversion Price shail be in effect
by reason of a previous adjustment, then less than such adjusted Conversion Price) applicable to
the Series B Preferred, then in each such case the then-existing Conversion Price of the Series B
Preferred shali be reduced, as of the opening of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a
grice equal to the lowest consideration per share for which any such Additional Shares of
Common Stock are issued or deemed issued.

(ii) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under this
suonaragraph (h), the consideration received by the Corporation for any issue or sale of securities
shall (A) to the extent it consists of cash be computed at the gross amount of cash received by the

Corporation before deducting any expenses payable by the Corporation and any underwriting or
imilar commissions, compensation, or concessions paid or ailowed by the Corporation in
connection with such issue or sale, (B) to the extent it consists of property, be computed as
determined in good faith by the Board, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock,
Convertible Securities or rights or opti ons to purchase either Additional Shares of Common Stock
or Convertible Securities ‘are issued or sold together with. other stock or securities or other assets
of the Cornoration for a consideration which covers both,’ be computed as the portion of the

con ssideration so received that may be reasonably. determined in good faith by the Board to be —

ocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or |

options, as the case may be.

(iii) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this subparagraph
}, if the Corporation issues or sells’ any rights, warrants or options to purchase Common Stock
or any Convertible Securities, then the Corporation shali be deemed to have issued at the time of
the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum nuraber of
Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have
received as consideration for the issuance of such shares ani amount equal to the total amount of
the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation. for the issuance of such rights, warrants or
aptions or Convertible Securities, plus, in the case of such rights, warrants or options, the
minimum amount of consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation upon | the exercise of such
rights. warrants or options, plus, in the case of Conve tible: ‘Securities, the minimum: amount of
consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation: (other han by. cancellation of ‘ liabilities or
obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securit on: the conversion thereof: No further _
adiustment of the Conversion Price of the ap: ‘pl able: Series ‘of Convertible Preferred Stock.
adjusted upon the i issuance ‘of such rights, options or Convertible Securities, shall be
made as a result of the: actual: suance of Additic shares of Common Stock on the exercise of
any such rights, warrants: options iF the’ con ¢ y such Convertible ‘Securities. [f any
such rights, warrants or ‘options or the: conversio vilege represented by any such Convertible
Securities shall expire-without having been fully exercised, then the Conversion Price of the

- H9000/00481/SF/5068855 .2

applicable series of: Convert
watrants, options or Cons
that would have been i
Shares of Common §
actually issued or sol
of suck Convertible: ‘Securiti ! tion
r sold for the consideration ac aa ly rectived by the Come ration upon stich es exercise, plus ne the.

consideration, iFany, ac tually. received. by the Corporation 'f or the granting: ofall such rights,
werrants or options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration received. for i issuing or ~
selling the Convertible Securities actually converted, plus the consideration, if any, actually
received by the Corporation (other than by cancellation of } labia ties or obligations evidenced by
such Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such Convertibie Securities.

(iv) For the purpose of the > adjustment required under this subparagraph

o if the Corporation issués or sells any rig ghts, warrants or. options fox the purchase of

onvertible Securities, then the Corporation shail be deemed. to have. issued at the time of the
issuance of such. rights, warrants Of options the maxi.um. number of Additional. Shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the total amount of Convertible Securities covered
by such rights, warrants or- options and to have received as consideration for the issuance of such
A \dditional Shares of Common, Steck an amount equal to the amount. of. ‘consideration, i if any,
receiv ed by the Corporati on for thei issuance of such rights, warrants or options, plus the |
minimum amount: ‘of consideration, ifany, payable tothe Corporation i upon the exercise of such »
rights, warrants or options and plus ther minimum amount of consideration; if; any; payable to the
Corporation. {other than t by Cancellation of liabilities. OF obligations evidenced b 7 such Convertible
Securities) upon the conversion of such Convertible Securities. No further adjustment of any
Ccnversion Price, adjusted upon the issuance of: such rights, warrants or options, shall be made as
@ result of the actual issuance of the Conv ertible Securities upon the exercise of such rights, ;
warrants or options or. upon the actual: i ssuance of. Additional Shares of Common Stock: upon the .
conversion of such Cony ertible. Secufitiés. ‘The provisions of clause (iii) above for the
readjustment of any Conversion Price upon the expiration of Tights, watrants or options or the

rights of conversion of Convertible: Securities shali apply, the necessary chan ges having been -
made, to the rights, warrants, s, options and Convertible Securities referred to in this subpart fiv),

) "Additional Shares. of Common Stock!" shall mean all shares of

Common Stock issued by the Corporation: or. deemed: issued by the Corporation pursuant to

subsection (h)(ili).and (hyfiy) upon: or-after the-filing-of these Amended. and Restz eG Auticles of
hicorporation, whether or nc |
_ shares of Common:St 30K iss
Stock; provided, howev: that
feries'B Preferred:s| all be de
the Series A Preferr Sue]

a £ Commoit Stock" solely with respe ct to
tthe i issuan of the Seriés:B-Préferred: shall be considered an
issuance of ‘Additional “Co ses of adjusting the Conversion Price _
applicable: to the. Series A eferred); (B) to: (1): Officers, empioyees or directors of, or consultants
and. advisors to, the. Corporation of any ‘subsidiary. urs vant to any stock purchase or Stock option

oe. rs 49008 /09462/SF/5968855.2

olans or other similar compensatory arrangements outstanding on the date hereof or approved by
the Board of Directors after the date hereof (without limiting the foregoing and notwithstending
the provisions of this Corporation’s Articles of Incorporation as in effect prior to the filing of
these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, any and al! grants of stock options prior to
the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, and the exercise thereof, shall
aot result in any adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred): (2) financial
institutions, equipment leasing companies or persons with whom the Corporation has a strategic
business relationshin (such as a customer or vendor) pursuant to arrangements determined by the
Board to be in the best business interests of the Corporation; (C) as a dividend or distribution on
the Convertible Preferred Stock; or (D) in connection with the acquisition of any company,
business or assets determined by the Board to be in the best interests of the Corporation. The
“Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the quotient determined by
dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold, or deemed to
have been issued or sold by the Corporation under this subparagraph (h), into the aggregate
consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Corporation for such issue under
this subparagraph (h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(i Duration of Adjusted Conversion Price. F ollowing each computation or

readjustment of an adjusted Conversion Price as provided above in this Section 5, the new
adjusted Conversion Price shall remain in effect until a further computation or readjustmen
thereof is required by this Section 5.

@ Other Action Affecting Common Stock. In case after the filing of these
Arnended and Restated Articles of Incorporation the Corporation shall take any action affecting
its shares of Common Stock, other than an action described above in this Section 5, that in the
good faith opinion of the Board would havé a materially adverse effect upon the Conversion
Rights set forth herein, the Conversion Price of the affected Convertible Preferred Stock shall be
adjusted in a manner and at a time as the Board may in good faith determine te be equitable to the
holders of the affected Convertible Preferred Stock in the circumstances.

‘(k} Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of a Conversion Price of any of the Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 5, the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment
in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of such Convertible Preferred
Stock a certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request, at any time, of anv holder
of any Convertible Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth: (i) such adjustments and readjustments; (ii) the applicable Conversion
Price of such Convertible Preferred Stock at the time in effect; and (iii) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received
upon the conversion of such Convertible Preferred Stock.

{6 H9000/00481/SF/5068855.2
(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Corporation of a
vecord of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend which is the same as casi
cividends paid in previous quarters) or other distribution, any capital reorganization of the
Corporation, any reclassification or recapitalization of the Corporation's capital stock, any
consolidation or merger with or into another corporation, any transfer of all or substantially all of
‘ne assets of the Corporation or any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, the
Corporation shall mail to each holder of Convertible Preferred Stock at least ten (10) days prior xo
cne date svecified for the taking of a record, a notice specifying the date on which any such record
i$ to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or other such event.

{m) Common Stock Reserved, The Corporation shall at times reserve and keep
availaole out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock such number of shares of Common
Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the full conversion of all outstanding
Convertible Preferred Stock, and if at any time the number of ru.horized but unissued shares of
Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of
the Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the
opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(n} Payment of Taxes. The Corporation will pay all taxes (other than taxes
based upon income) and other govemmental charges that may be imposed with respect io the
issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock, other than any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the
issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of.
Convertible Preferred Stock so converted were registered.

{0} No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Articles of
Incorporation er through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
oy the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions hereof, and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock as set forth
herein against impairment.

Section 6. Mandatory Redemption of Series B Preferred.

(a) | Mandatory Redemption. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable

_ {subject to paragraph (. , below) upon or after any date on or after March 28, 2007 specitied by
the affirmative vote of the holders of at jeast 2 majority of the then outstanding shares of the
Series B Preferred (the “Series B Majority Holders”), voting as a single series (such date the
“Redemption Date"), redeem all but not less than all of the Series B Preferred in the manner and
at the applicable Redemption Price (as defined below) hereinafter specified. The Series B
Majority Holders shall specify in writing (the “Series B Notice”) to the Corporation the

17 HS000/00481/SF/5068855.2
Redemption Date which shall be at least thirty (30) days after the date of such vote and the
determination by an independent investment banking firm of Fair Market Value {as defined
herein). in the event the Corporation does not have sufficient funds legally available to redeem
all of the Series 8 Preferred on such date, the Corporation shall on such date redeem pro rata in
proportion to the aggregate Redemption Price (as defined in subparagraph (b) below) each holder
would be entitled to receive upon redemption of all of the Series B Preferred, the maximam
numoer of shares of Series B Preferred it can legally redeem, and shall redeem the remainder as
soon as the Corporation has funds legally available therefor on one or more occasions as
necessary. Shares of Series B Preferred, which are subject to redemption hereunder but which
have not been redeemed due to insufficient legally available funds and assets of the Corporation
snail comtinue to be outstanding and entitled to all dividend, liquidation, voting, conversion and
other rights, preverences, privileges and restrictions of the Series B Preferred unti} such shares
have deen converted or redeemed. Each deferred date upon which thc Corporation redeems
shares of Series B Preferred in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence is also herein
rererred to as a “Redemption Date. ”

(b) Price. The per share redemption price (the "Redemption Price") shall be an
amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the Original Issue Price per share of the Series B
Preterred, or (ii) the Fair Market Value (as determined pursuant to Section 6(f) beiow) of each
share of Series B Preferred.

(c) Redemption Notice by Company. The Corporation shall, not jess than
twenty (20) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any Redemption Date, maii written notice
(2 "Redemption Notice"), postage prepaid, to each holder of record of Series B Preferred at the
hold sr's post office address last shown on the records of the Corporation. Each Redemption
Notice shail state: .

(i) the number of the outstanding shares of each series of the Series B
Preterred to be redeemed on such Redemption Date:

(31) the number of shares of each series of the Series B Preferred held
by the holder which the Corporation shall redeem on such Redemption Date in accordance with
the provisions hereof; ,

. ; (iif) that the shares of each series of Series B Preferred eld by the
holder which the Corporation shall so redeem on such Redemption Date shall be redeemed on
such Redemption Date, which shall be specified as a calendar date and shall be a business day;

(iv) the applicable Redemption Price; and

(v) the time and manner in, and place at, which the holder is to
surrender to the Corporation on such Redemption Date the certificate or certificates representing
the shares of Series B Preferred to be redeemed on such date.

18 H9000/00481/SF/5966855.2
(d) Surrender of Stock. On or before each Redemption Date, each holder of
Series B Preferred to be redeemed pursuant to this Section 6 shal! surrender to the Corporation
the certificate or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed on such Redemption Date, in
the manner and at the place designated in the Redempticn Notice, and upon each such
Redemption Date the Redemption Price for such shares shall be payable to the order of the person
whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof, or to such payee as
such owner may designate in writing to the Corporation prior to each such Redemption Date, and
each surrendered certificate shall be canceled and retired.

{ec} Termination of Rights. If a Redemption Notice is duly given and if, on or
srior to a Redemption Date, the Redemption Price is paid, then notwithstanding that the
certificates evidencing any of the shares of Series B Preferred so valled for redemption on such
Redemption Date have not been surrendered, al] rights with respect to such shares shall forthwith
aiter such Redemption Date cease.

(f) Fair Market Value. For purposes of this Section 6 only, "Fair Market
Value" of a share of Series B Preferred as of a particular date shall mean the fair market value of a
share of Series B Preferred, exclusive of liquidating or minority ownership discounts and shal} be
determined by an independent investment banking or valuation firm. The independent investment
tanking or valuation firm named on the Series B Notice shal! determine the Fair} farket Value of
the Series B Preferred, unless it is an investment banking or valuation firm other than Merrill
Lynch and Co. or Goldman Sachs and Co. and, within ten days of such notice the Corporation
shali deliver to the Series B Majority Holders written notice of its objection to the selection of
such firm for such purpose, in which case the firm which shall determine the Fair Market Value
shall be either Merrill Lynch and Co. or Goldman Sachs and Co. (or their respective successors, if
applicabie}, as selected by the Series B Majority Holders by written notice delivered to the
Corporation.

Section 7. Reissuance of Preferred Stock.

No shares of Convertible Preferred Stock which are redeemed, purchased or
acquired by the Corporation or converted into Common Stock shail be reissued, and all such
shares shali be canceled and eliminated from the shares which the Corporation shall be authorized
2 issue.

IV.

The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law. The Corporetion is authorized
to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations
Code) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its stockholders throu gh bylaw provisions or
through agreements with the agents, or both, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted
by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject to the limits on such excess
indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations Code.

19 H900G/00481/SF/5068855 .2
C. The amendments and restatement set forth herein have been duly approved
and adopted by the Board of Directors of this Corporation.

D. ‘The amendments set forth herein have been duly approved by the required
vote of the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations
Code. The Corporation has outstanding 6,881,375 shares of Cominon Stock, 4,376,475 shares of
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and no shares of Series B Convertible Preterred Stock. The
number of shares voting in favor of the amendments equaled or exceeded the vote required for
approval. The percentage vote required for the approval of the amendments wes meve than 50%
of the Common Stock and more than 50% of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.

20 H9000/00481/SF/5068855.2
Each of the undersigned further declares under penalty of crjury under the laws of
the State of California that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of his own
knowledge.

Dated: March 21, 2002

Jeff) tschner, Secretary

ae

24 H9000/00481/SF/5068855.2
