AOS8195] FILEDAME

LgSSt4s mo te eam
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT JUN 0 4 2002
OF B ;
SRS OR Bays
APRISO CORPORATION

Adam Bartkowski and Jeff Kurschner hereby certify that:

A. They are the President and Secretary, respectively, of Apriso Corporation, a
California corporation (the “Corporation").

B. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are amended as follows:
L The first two paragraphs of Article III are amended in their entirety as follows:

"The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares designated "Common
Stock" and "Preferred Stock", respectively, each class without par value. The number of shares
of Common Stock authorized to be issued is 30,000,000 and the number of shares of Preferred
Stock authorized to be issued is 13,114,785.

"The Corporation is authorized to issue 4,389,809 shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock and 8,724,976 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, as well as
of the holders of such stock, are as set forth below in this Article II."

I. Clause (v) of Article OI, Section 5, subparagraph (h) is amended in its entirety to
read as follows:

"(v) “Additional Shares of Common Stock" shall mean all shares of Common Stock
issued by the Corporation or deemed issued by the Corporation pursuant to subsection (h)(iii)
and (h)Civ) upon or after March 21, 2002 (the "Restatement Date"), whether or not subsequently
reacquired or retired by the Corporation, other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
(A) upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock; provided, however, that shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred shall be deemed "Additional
Shares of Common Stock" solely with respect to the Series A Preferred (such that, except as
provided in clause (E) below, the issuance of the Series B Preferred shall be considered an
issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock for purposes of adjusting the Conversion Price
applicable to the Series A Preferred); (B) to (1) officers, employees or directors of, or consultants
and advisors to, the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to any stock purchase or stock option
plans or other similar compensatory arrangements outstanding on the date hereof or approved by
the Board of Directors after the Restatement Date (without limiting the foregoing and

C3\DOCUMENTS AND SETTINGS\JWIKE\LOCAL SETTINGS\TEMPORARY INTERNET FILES\OLK6F\CERTAMEND. DOC

1.
notwithstanding the provisions of this Corporation's Articles of Incorporation as in effect prior to
the Restatement Date, any and all grants of such stock options prior to the Restatement Date, and
the exercise thereof, shall not result in any adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Series A
Preferred); (2) financial institutions, equipment leasing companies or persons with whom the
Corporation has a strategic business relationship (such as a customer or vendor) pursuant to
arrangements determined by the Board to be in the best business interests of the Corporation;

(C) as a dividend or distribution on the Convertible Preferred Stock; (D) in connection with the
acquisition of any company, business or assets determined by the Board to be in the best interests
of the Corporation; or (E) upon conversion of up to 1,056,636 shares of Series B Preferred issued
and sold at a purchase price of $1.8928 per share after March 28, 2002 but no later than June 30,
2002, which shall not under any circumstances be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common
Stock. The “Effective Price" of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the quotient
determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold,
or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Corporation under this subparagraph (h), into the
aggregate consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Corporation for such
issue under this subparagraph (h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock."

C. The amendments and restatement set forth herein have been duly approved and
adopted by the Board of Directors of this Corporation.

D. The amendments set forth herein have been duly approved by the required vote of
the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code.
The Corporation has outstanding 6,881,375 shares of Common Stock, 4,376,475shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, and 7,446,448 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.
The number of shares voting in favor of the amendments equaled or exceeded the vote required
for approval, The percentage vote required for the approval of the amendments was more than
50% of the Common Stock, more than 50% of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and
more than 50% of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

C:\COCUMENTS AND SETTINGS\JWIKE\LOCAL SETTINGS\TEMPORARY INTERNET FILES\OLKG6F\CERTAMEND. DOC
2.
’

Each of the undersigned further declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the
State of California that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of his own
knowledge.

Dated: June 2, 2002

C:\DOCUMENTS AND SETTINGS\JWIKE\LOCAL SETTINGS\TEMPORARY INTERNET FILES\GLKGF\CERTAMEND.DCC

3.
