“FILEDY<O

oo in the office of the Secretary of State
CIFSSIFS "ofthe Sta of Calforta
AMENDED AND RESTATED OCT 3 6 2006
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
APRISO CORPORATION

Jane Wike hereby certifies that:

A. She is the Vice President and Secretary of Apriso Corporation, a California
corporation (the “Cerporation’’).

B. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are amended and restated to read
as follows: |

I.
The name of this corporation is Apriso Corporation (the “Corporation’’).
i.

_ The purpose of this Corporation “s+~ ngage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be.
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

Hy.

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares designated “Common Stock”
and “Preferred Stock,” respectively, each class without par value. The number of shares of
Common Stock authorized to be issued is 80,000,000 and the number of shares of Preferred
Stock authorized to be issued is 44, 000, 000.

The Corporation i is authorized to issue 11,815,552 shares of Series A-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock, 18,150,429 shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock and 14,034,018 shares of
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, as well as of the holders of such stock, are as set forth
below in this Article IIT.

Upon the filing of these Amended and Restated Aiticles of £ Incorporation with the
Secretary of State of the State.of California: {a) each share of the Corporation’s Series A
Preferred Stock then issued: and outstanding shali be hereby and: automatically. changed and
reclassified without further action into 0.3112 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Series A-1
Preferred, 2.6099 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Series. A-2 Preferred and 0.6224 fully
paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock; (b) each share of the Corporation’s Series B
Preferred Stock then issued and outstanding shall be hereby and automatically changed and
reclassified without further action into 0.65 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Series A-1
Preferred, 0.6625 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Series A-2 Preferred and: 1.3 fully paid
and nonassessable shares of Common Stock; and (c) each share of the Corporation’s Series C
Preferred Stock then issued and outstanding shall be hereby and automatically changed and
reclassified without further action into 1 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Series A-]
Preferred and 2 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock (collectively, the
“Reclassification”’). All descriptions sei forth in these Amended and Restated Articles of |
Incorporation of the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed on the
capital stock of the Corporation, and all dollar amounts and numbers relating thereto, shail refer
to the equity outstanding as of immediately after, and shall not require any adjustment for, the
Reclassification. No fracticnal shares shall be issued upon such Reclassification of any share or
shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock. Whether or not fractional shares would have been
issuable (but for the preceding sentence) upon the Reclassification shall be determined on the
basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder and in lieu of issuing
fractional shares upon the Reclassification, this Corporation shall pay holders the fair market
value as of the effective time of the Reclassification, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation, of the fractional shares that would be issued upon the
Reclassification but for the preceding sentence. Each holder of outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, or Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock of the Corporation, as
the case may be, immediately prior to the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation (the “Outstanding Shares”) shali surrender the certificate or certificates
representing the Outstanding Shares held by such person to the Corporation at its principal.
executive offices. As promptly as practicable following surrender of a.certificate representing
the Outstanding Shares the Corporation shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the holder of

_ such certificate a certificate-or certificates issued in such holder’s name representing the number

of shares issuable therefor. The Reclassification set forth-herein: shall be effective as of the date
these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation are filed, notwithstanding when the
certificates for. the Outstanding Shares are surrendered or when the certificates are issued in
exchange therefore, All references in these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to —
the Corporation’s Common Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock shall refer to such shares after giving effect to the Reclassification.

Section lt. Definitions, .
For purposes.of this Article Tl the following definitions shall apply:
(a) “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation,

{b) “Common Stock”. shall mean the Common Stock, no par value, of the.
Corporation. me, So . a |
| (c) “. “Common Stock Dividend’ shall mean a stock dividend declared and paid ;
on the Common Stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock. . .
(d) , “Conversion Price” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) of this
{e) . “Conversion Rights” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to
Section 5 of this. Article HI. ne .

(f) “Convertible Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A-} Preferred and
the Series B Preferred, collectively,

({g) “Convertible Securities” sha\l mean evidences of indebtedness, shares of
stock or other securities which are at any time directly or indirectly convertible into or
exchangeable for Additional Shares of Common Stock. :

(h) “Corporation” shall mean this corporation.

(3) “Liquidation” shall include any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation and shall also include any reorganization, merger or
sale of assets described in Section 3(b) below. ,

G) “Qualified Public Offering” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
S(b\(1) below. ,

~ {K) “Original Issue Price” shali mean $1.8928 per share for the Series A-1
Preferred, $1.00 per share for the Series A-2 Preferred and $0.75 per share for the Series B.
Preferred, as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications, recapitalization.or
similar capital modifications, with respect to each such series of Preferred Stock.

. () “Permitted Repurchases” shali rnean the repurchase by the Corporation of
shares of Common Stock held by employees, officers, directors, consultants, independent -
contractors, advisors, or other persons performing services for the Corporation or a subsidiary
that are subject to restricted stock purchase agreements or stock option exercise agreements
under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares: (i) at cost, upon the
occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment or services or (ii) at any
price pursuant to the Corporation’s exercise of a right of first refusal to repurchase such shares
provided such repurchase is unanimously approved by the Board of Directors.

(m). “Series A-I Preferred” shall mean the Series A-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock, no par value per share, of this. Corporation. .

(n) — “Series A-2 Preferred” shall mean the Series A-2 Preferred Stock, no par
value per share, of this-Corporation. - _ .

(0) “Series B Issue Date” shall mean the date ofthe first issuance of Series B
Preferred after the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.

_ (p)— “Series B Preferred” shall mean the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock,
no par value per share, of this Corporation. _ ae .

Section 2, Dividends .
(a) In each calendar year, the holders of shares of Series.B Preferred shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board, out of funds and-assets of the Corporation

legally available for that purpose, non-cumulative cash dividends, before any dividends or other
distrioution shall be paid or declared and set aside for the Series A-1 Preferred, the Seties A-2

3
Preferred or the Common Stock (other than a Common Stock Dividend), as follows: (i) for the
period commencing on the Series B Issue Date and-continuing until the third anniversary of the
Series B Issue date, at the annual rate (prorated for partial years during which such shares are
outstanding) of five percent (5%) of the Original Issue Price per share of Series B Preferred, on a
non-compounding basis, and (ii) commencing on the third anniversary of the Series B Issue
Date, at the annual rate (prorated for partial years during which such shares are outstanding) of
eight percent (8%) of the Original Issue Price per share of Series B Preferred; compounding
annually. The Board shall not pay any other dividends on, or make any other distributions with
respect to, the Common Stock, Series A-1 Preferred or Series A-2 Preferred in any calendar year
(other than a Common Stock Dividend), uniess and until all such accrued dividends (including
all such dividends which shall accrue in such calendar year) on the Series B Preferred have in
fact been fully and currently paid by the Corporation, provided, however, that this restriction
shall not apply to any Permitted Repurchase.

(b) After payment of ali accumulated and accrued dividends on the Series B

Preferred, including such dividends in respect of the cuzrent calendar year as provided in Section
2(a} above, the holders of shares of Series A-1 Preferred shall be entitled to receive, when and as
declared by the Board, out of funds and assets of the Corporation legally available for that
purpose, non-cumulative cash dividends, before any dividends or other distribution shall be paid
or. declared and set aside for the Series A-2 Preferred or the Common Stock.(other than a
Common Stock Dividend), as follows: (i) for the period commencing on the filing of these
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and continuing until the third anniversary of
such date, at the annual rate (prorated for partial years during which such shares are outstanding)
of five percent (5%) of the Ori ginal Issue Price per share of Series A-1 Preferred, on a non-
compounding basis, and.(ii) commencing on the third anniversary of the filing of these Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation, at the annual rate (prorated for partial years during which
such shares are outstanding) of eight percent. (8%) of the Original Issue Price per share of Series
A-1 Preferred, compounding annually. The Board shall not pay any other dividends on, or make
any other distributions with respect to, the Common Stock or Series A-2 Preferred in any
calendar year (other than a Common Steck Dividend), unless and until all such accumulated and
accrued dividends (including all such dividends which shall accrue in:such calendar year) on the
Series A-1 Preferred have in fact been fully and currently paid by the Corporation, provided,
however, that this restriction. shall not apply to any Permitted Repurchase.

(c) After payment of all accumulated and accrued dividends on the Series B
Preferred and the Series A-1 Preferred, including such dividends in respect of the current
calendar year as provided in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, any further dividends may be paid in
such calendar year, when, if and as declared by the Board, out of funds and assets of the |
Corporation legally available for that purpose, only if paid'to all the holders of Commion Stock,
Series A-1 Preferred and Series B Preferred concurrently in equal amounts per share (determined
on an as-converted basis with respect to the Convertible Preferred Stock). Dividends under this
Section. 2(c) shall not be mandatory or cumulative, and no rights or interest shall accrue to the -
holders of the Common Stock, Series A-1 Preferred, Series A-2' Preferred or Series B Preferted
by reason of the fact that the Corporation shall fail to declare or pay dividends on the such shares
in any amount in any calendar year or any fiscal year of the Corporation, whether or aot the
‘earnings of the Corporation i in any calendar year or fiscal year were sufficient to pay such
dividends in whole or in part.
(4) Whenever a dividend or distribution provided for in this Section 2 shall be
payable in property other than cash, the value of such dividend or distribution shali be deemed to
be the fair market vatue of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors
of the Corporation.

Section 3. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up

. (a) In the event of a Liquidation, all assets and funds of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be distributed to the holders of the.Common Stock, the
Series A-} Preferred, the Series A-2 Preferred and the Series B Preferred. in the following order
of priority: . -

(i) First, ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred until
such holders have received the preferential amount of the Ori ginal Issue Price per share of the -
Series B Preferred plus all declared and unpaid dividends thereon; provided, however, that if the
assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series Bi Preferred-are insufficient to
permit the payment to such holders of their full preferential amounts described ‘in. this subsection,
then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for payment or distribution

shalt be paid or distributed among the holders of the Series B Preferred ratably in proportion to
such full preferential amounts each such holder would be entitled to first receive;

Gi). Second, subject to the prior payment in full of the liquidation |
preference of the Series B Preferred (as provided in clause (i ).above), ratably among the holders
of the Series A-1 Preferred and Series A-2 Preferred until such holders have received the
preferential amount of the Original Issue Price Per share of the Series A-1 Preferred or Series A-
-2 Preferred, as applicable, plus all declared and unpaid dividends thereon; provided, however, .
that if the assets ‘and fimds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A: 1 Preferred and

. Series A-2 Preferred.are insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of their full -

' preferential amounts describe.i-in this subsection, then the entire assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for payment or distribution shali-be paid or distributed among the
holders of the Series A-1 Prefetred and Series A-2 Preferred ratably in proportion to such ful]
preferential amounts each such holder would be entitled to then receive; anc

. - Gii) Third, subject to the prior payment in full of the liquidation:
. preferences of the Series B Pretérred, the Series A-1 Preferred and the Series A-2 Preferred (as
provided in clauses (i) and (ii) above), ratably among the holders of the Common Stoc and the
Convertible Preferred Stock accordin g to the number of shares of Common Stock (A)-then held, -
with respect te the Commén Stock, and (B):into which the shares of such Convertible Preferred

- Stock are then convertible, in the case of the Convertible Preferred Stock: .

(b) A Liquidation shall be deemed to include the direct or indirect (i) sale‘of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, (ii) reorganization, consolidation or

series of related transaction, in which transaction the Corporation’s shareholders immediately
prior to such transaction own immediately. after such transaction fess than fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding voting securities or outstanding voting ‘power of the surviving corporation (or its
parent). , DO
(c})} No adjustment to. any Conversion Price pursuant to these Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation shall otherwise alter the above liquidation preference doflar
amounts. ,

(d) Insofar as any distribution pursuant to Section 3 consists of property other’
than cash, then the value thereof shall, for purposes of the provisions of Section 3 be the fair
value at the time of such distribution, as determined in good faith by the Board, except Uiat any
securities to be distributed to shareholders in a Liquidation of the Corporation shali be valued as ©
follows: :

(i) The method of valuation of securities not subject to investment
representation letter or other similar restrictions on free marketability shall be as follows:

(1) uniess otherwise specified in a definitive agreement for the
acquisition of the.Corporation, if the securities are then traded cn a national securities exchange,
or the Nasdaq Capital Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over
the thirty (30) calendar day period ending three (3) trading days prior to the distribution; and

QQ) if (1) above does not apply but the securities are actively
traded over-the-counter, then, unless otherwise specified i in adefinitive.agreement forthe
acquisition of the Corporation, the value shall be deemed to be the average cf the closing bid’
prices over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the distribution; and |

. (3) - if there is no active public market as described i in clauses (i) or Gi}
above, then the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined i in good faith by the
Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on free marketability shail. be to make.an appropriate discount‘from the
market value determined as above in: subparagraphs (d)(1),(2) or (3).of this subsection to reflect
the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined j in good faith by the Board of Directors.

() Each holder of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have
conseitted, for purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code, to
distributions made by the Corporation and approved by the Board i in connection with any
Permitted Repurchase.

Section 4. Vo ting
@ Voting Rights, Atall meetings ‘of the: shareholders of the Conporation i and

in the case of any actions of charcholders in lieu of a meeting, each share of Common Stock shall | ,

be entitled to one vate, and each share of Convertible Preferred. Stock shall be entitled to one
vote for each share of Common Stock into which such share could then be converted (in
accordance with Section 5 hereof) on the record. date set for the: meeting or action or, if no record
date is set, on the date of such. meeting or the date such action is taken. Fractional vetes shall
not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis ~
(after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A-1 Preferred or Series B Preferred. held
by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded ‘ ‘o the nearest whole number {with one-half
_being rounded upward), Except as otherwise expressly provided below in this: Section 4 or as.
required by law, the holders of Common Stock and Convertible Preferred Stack shall vote -
together as a single class in accordance with the preceding sentence, and neither the Common
Stock nor any of the Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote as a separate class on -
any matter to be voied on by shareholders of the Corporation. Except as expressly provided
below in this Section 4 or as required by law, the-Series A-2 Preferred: shall not have any voting

rights.

(b) Protective Provisions - Series A-1 Preferred. The Corporation shal] rot,
without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of a
majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series A-1 Preferred:

(i) Increase the authorized number of shares of Series A- 1 Preferred.

(ii) Amend, alter, reclassify or repeal the refererices, privileges,
special rights or other powers: of the Series'‘A-1, Preferred, as set forth herein, or in the Bylaws of
the Corporation, in a manner adverse to the holders thereof; provided, however ‘that an |
amendment authorizing any preferred: equity security which is junior to the Series A-1 Preferred
as to dividend rights, voting rights, conversion rights and liquidation preferences st shall not
require the separate approval of the Series A-l 1 Preferred under this ¢ clause Gi). -

- Git) Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, ‘any capital stock or
other equity security, or reclassify any outstanding shares of the. Corporation’s capital stack into.
any other security, in any case havirig rights, preferences or privileges senior to:or on a parity

with the Series A-1 Preferred as:to dividend rights, redemption rights, voting rights, ‘conversion...

ri ights or T liquidation preferences.

© Protective Provisions - Series A2 Preferred, ‘The Corporation shall not, -
without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written. consent, as provided by law) ") ofa
majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series A-2 Preferred: 2

(cae “Increase the authorized number of shares of Series A2 Preferred. _

i) - Amend, alter, teckissify or repeal the preferences, privileges, 7
special rights or other powers of the Series. A-2 Preferred,’ ‘as sét forth herein, or in the Bylaws of -
the Corporation, in a manner adverse to the holders thereof, ‘provided, however, thatan =.
amendment: authorizing any. preferred equity security which is junior to the: Series A-2 Preferred:
as to liquidation preference shall not require the separate approval c ote the Series at Preferred |

under this clause a.

. Gili) _ * ‘Authorize or issue, or obligate itself: to issue, ‘may capital stock or
other equity security, or reclassify any outstanding shares of the Corporation’s capital stock into.
any other security, in any. case having rights, preferences.or privileges se senior to or. ona parity. -
with the Series: A2 Preferred as to liquidation preference.

(d) Protective Provisions — Series B Pref red. So long 4 as at least I 2357, 429
shares of Series B Preferred are outstanding, Hie. Corporation shall not; without first obtaining the

Sify or repeal the preferences, privileges,
fer ed a as set forth: ‘herein, or in the Bylaws of

. 7 “( Gi) | Amend, alter, reclassify or. + fepeal any pr ovision of these Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporati on or the Bylaws of the Corporation, ina manner adversé to
the holders of the Series B Preferred.

Gif) Authorize or issue; or obligate itself to issue, any capital stock or
other equity security, or reclassify any outstanding shares. of the Corporation’s capital stock into
any other security, in any case ‘having rights, preferences of privileges senior to or ona parity
with the Series B Preferred.as to dividend rights, redemption rights, voting rights, conversion
. rights or liquidation Preferences. es

_ Civ) Increase the authori rized umber ¢ of shares of Seties B Preferred,
Preferred Stock o or Common Stock.

. (). ; purchase or - redeem (or permit any- subsidiary to purchase: or:
) redeem)‘ot or pay or declareé:2 any dividend or make any distribution on, any-shares.of capital stock
of the: Corporation other than Permitted Repurchases or dividends ; on n the:  Seties B B Preferred: as
expressly authorized ‘herein; - ; ; - ; oO

2 . (vi) “Effet any Liquidation, including any y transaction referted toi in
Section 3 | | :

vo coe “Increase or r decrease the authorized number of directors
constituting the Board, ;

ead) Effect. any: y sale, transfer. or. other dispositi on of-any: : phatétial portion oe
of the Corporation’ s assets. OF: v intellectual Property ts te any. of the Corporation” ‘$ subsidiaries or.ta
any third party. oS , ;

Por s

ix “ Kequize any interest i in any y cétporation or business (whether by.
purchase o OF assets, , Purchase of. stock, merger or otherwise).

; oa 6 : ante into. any eels Cor .
property « or technology of enter: any agreement a third paity. “most-favored’ nation” ,
pricing 1 for the Comporation ‘sprodacts, ‘services of techadlogy, » unless tmanimously f ‘approved the.
Board. ae . ae moo -

. : om . Except as contemplated bya the: Corporation’ 'S operating budget
pr. wed the Board or. r otherwise unanimously. approve e Board, incur or assumeany- .
ie ness: into’ any: other payment obligations that commit the: Corporation

rporation’s operatin ig budget
‘eard, make any capital
excess ‘of $100,000 in the aggregate

approved the Board or otherwise unanimously approved the
expenditures,.or. commit to make any capital.expenditure
in the fiscal:year covered by such operating’ budget.) °°

(xiii) Effect any amendment or modification of any stock option pian or
employee stock incentive plan, adoption of any new stock option plan or employee stock
ownership or incentive plan or issue of any shares of Common Stock to the Corporation’s
employees other than pursuant to the Corporation’s existing Stock. Option Plan:

(xiv) Establish, invest in or loan or advance any money of equipment to,
or issuing any securities of the Corporation to, any subsidiary of the Corporation or joint venture
arrangement, unless unanimously approved by the Board. . re

(e) Board Size, The authorized number of directors-of the Corporation’s .
Board of Directors shall be seven (7). The Corporation shail not alter the authorized number of
directors in its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws or otherwise, without first obtaining the written
consent, or affirmative vote ata meeting, of the holders’of a majority of the then outstanding
shares of the Series B Preferred and Series A-1 Preferred, each consenting or voting (as the case
may be), as a separate class. : Se

- @) Board of Directors Election.and Removal.

(i) __ Election of Directors. So long as any shares of Series B Preferred
are outstanding, (A) the holders of the Series B Preferred, voting as a singie and separate class
(with cumulative voting rights as among themselves in accordance with Section 708 of the -
California Corporations Code), shall-be entitled to elect four. (4) directors of the Corporation and
(B) the holders of the Convertible Preferred'Stock and the Common Stock, voting together as a
single class (with cumulative voting rights as among themselves in accordance with Section 708
of the California Corporations Code) shall be entitled to elect the remaining directors of the:
Corporation, ee . a _ .

(ii) Quorum: Reg wired Vate.

at (1) ~~ Quorum. At any meeting held for the purpose of electing
directors, the présence in person or by proxy (A) of the holders of a majority of the:voting power
represented by the shares of the Series B Preferred then outstanding (voting as.a single and
separate class) shall constitute a quorum for the election of directors to be elected by the holders
of the Series B Preferred, and (B)-of holders of a majority of the voting power of al! the then-
outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock and ‘Common Stock shall constitute a quorum
for the election. of the directors to be elected jointly by the holders of the Convertible Preferred
_ Stock.and the Common Stock. res re as

po |.) Required Vote. With respect to the election of any director
' or directors by the holders of the outstanding shares of a spécified'series.of stock given the right
to elect such director or directors pursuant to subsection 4 f)G) above (the “Specified Stock”),
that candidate or those candidates (as-applicable) shail be:¢lected who either: (x) in the case of
any such vote conducted at a meeting of the holders of such Specified Stock, recéive the highest
number of affirmative votes (on an as-converted basis) of the outstanding shares of such
Specified Stock, up to the number of directors to be elected by such Specified Stock; or (y) in the

case of any such vote taken by written consent without a meeting, are elected by the unanimous -

written consent of the holders of shares of such Specified Stock, except that, if such vote is to fill
a vacancy on the Board other than a vacancy created by removal of a director, such vacancy may
be filled by election by the written consent of the holders of a majority (on an as-converted basis)
of the outstanding shares of such Specified Stock entitled to vote pursuant to Section 305(b) of
the California Corporations Code.

(3) Vacancy. If there shall be any vacancy in the office of a
director elected or to be elected by the holders of any Specified Stock, then a director to hold
office for the unexpired term of such directorship may be elected by the required vote of holders
of the shares of such Specified Stock specified in subsection 4((ii}(2) above that are entitled to

elect such director.

(4) Removal. Subject to Section 303 ofthe California
Corporations Code, any director who shall have been elected to the Board by the holders of any
Specified Stock, or by any director or directors elected by holders of any Specified Stock as
provided in subsection 4(f)(ii)(2), may be removed during his or her term of office, without
cause, by, and orally by, the affirmative vote of the shares of such Specified Stock entitled to
vote; given either at a meeting of such shareholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a

written consent of shareholders witheut a meeting, in either case in accordance with, and subject

to the provisions of, Section 303 of the Califorsiia Corporations Code; aind any vacancy created
by such removal may be filed only in the manner provided in subsection 4(f\Gi\(3 ho

(iii) Procedures, Any meeting of the holders of any Specified Stock, So

any action taken by the holders of any Specified Stock by written consent without a meeting, in
order to elect or remove a director under this subsection A(e), shall be held in accordance with
the procedures and provisions of the Corporation’s Bylaws, the California Corporations Code -
and applicable law regarding sharéholder meetings and shareholder actions by written consent,
as such are there in effect (including but not limited to procedures and provisioris for determining
the record date for shares entitled to vote).

Section 5. Conversion.

The holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock shall have the following conversion tights
(the “Conversion Rights”): | ns : 7

(a) ~ Optional Conversiox, Each share of Convertible Preferred: Stock shall be

_ convertible, without the:payment of any additional consideration by thé holder thereof and at the ,
option of the holder thereof, at any time. after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of

the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Common Stock, into'such number of fully paid and

nonassessable shares of Conimon Stock as is determined by dividing $1:8928 (in the case of the

Series A-] Preferred) and $0:75 (in the case of the Series B Preferred), by the then applicable
Conversion Price, determined as hereinafter provided, in effect at the tinie of conversion.. The

Conversion Price at-which shares of Common Stock shail ‘be deliverable upon conversion of the «9.

Convertible Preferred Stock without the payment of any additional consideration:by the holder

10
thereof (the “Conversion Price”) shall, ‘mmediateiy upon the filing of these Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation, be $1.8928 {in the case of the Series A-] Preferred), and
$0.75 (in the case of the Series B Preferred). Such initial Conversion Price of the Series A-1
Preferred and the Series B Preferred shall be subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.

_ (6) ~~ Automatic Conversion. Upon the closing of a firm commitment —
underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “4 cf’), covering the offer and sale of the Corporation’s Common
Stock at a per share price to the public which reflects a pre-offering Corporation valuation of at
least $150,000,000, and in which the aggregate proceeds to the Corporation in such offering
equal or exceed $30,000,000 (a “Qualified Public Offering’), then each share of Series. A-1
Preferred and Series B Preferred shall automatically be converted into such number of fully paid
and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $1.8928, in the case of
the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, or $0.75, in the case of the Series B Preferred, by the applicable
Conversion Price then in effect for a share of such stock. 7

(c) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion. of the Convertible Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the
holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction.
multiplied by the then fair market valur of the Corporation’s Common Stock as determined in
good faith by the Board. ws

od Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Convertible: :
Preferred Stock shall be converted pursuant to this Section 5. the shares so converted shall be
cancelled, shal! not be reissued: by the Corporation and shall cease to be part of the authorized
capital stock of the Corporation. . co

fe) - Mechanics of Optional Conversion. Each holder of Convertible Preferred
Stock who elects to convert the same into fuli shares of Common Stock, shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, endorsed or accompanied. by written instrument or instruments
of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or by
his attorney duly authorized in writing, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent
for the Convertible Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such
office that such holder elects to convert the satne‘and shall-state therein such holder’s name or
the names of he nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of
‘Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation shall, promptly thereafter; issue and deliver at.
such office to such holder of Convertible Preferred Stock, or to such holder’s nominee ‘Or
nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Commion Stock td which such
holder shall be entitled’as aforesaid, together with cash in lieu of any fraction of a share. Such
conversion shall be deemed:to have been made.immediately prior to the close of business on the
date of such surrender of the.shares of Convertible Prefetred Stock to be' converted, and the,
person or persons entitled to. receive the shares of Coramon Stock issuable upon conversion shall
be treated for all purposes as.the record holder'or holders of such shares ‘6f Common Stock at the
close of business on such:date. From and after such date, all rights of the holder with respect to
the Convertible. Preferred Stock so converted shall terminate, except oily. the right of such holder.
to receive certificates for the number of shares of Common. Stock issuable ‘upon conversion
thereof and cash for fractional shares, plus any dividends thereon declared and unpaid as of the

\.
time of such conversion. Ifa conversion election under this Section 5(c) is made in connection
with an underwritten offering of the Corporation’s securities pursuant to the Act (which
underwritten offering does not cause an automatic conversion pursuant to Section 5(b)(i} to take
place) the conversion may, at the option of the holder tendering: shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of the
Corporation’s securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the holders making such .
elections who are entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of their Convertibie
Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such shares of Convertible Preferred .
Stock unti! immediately prior to the closing of such sale of the Corporation’s securities in the
offering.

(f) Mechanics of Automatic Conversion. All holders of record of shares of
one or more applicable series of Convertible Preferred Stock will be given written notice of the
date of any automatic conversion referenced in Section 5(b) at least ten (10) days prior to the
anticipated date of such conversion. Such notice will be sent by mail, first class, postage
prepaid, to each record holder of such Convertible Preferred Stock at such holder’s address
appearing or the stock register. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in subparagraph 5(b)
above, the outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be converted into Common
Stock automatically without the need for any further action by the holders of such shares whether
or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated. to issue certificates
_ evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates
evidencing such shares of Convertible Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or
its transfer agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Corporation: or its transfer agent
that such certificates. have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an. agreement satisfactory
to the Corporation to indemnify 1 the Corporation from any: Joss incurred by it.in connection with:

' such certificates. ‘Upon the date of any such automatic conversion, all rights with respect to such
Convertible Preferred Stock will terminate, except only the rights of the holders théreof, upon
surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor, to receive certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock or other securities into which such Convertible Preferred Stock has

been converted and cash for fractional shares, plus any dividends thereon declared and unpaid as.
_ of the time of such conversion. All certificates evidencing shares of Convertible. Preferred Stock
which are automatically converted i in accordance with the provisions hereof shall, from and after
the date of such automatic conversion, be deemed to have been retired and canceled and the _
shares of Convertible Preferred Stock represented thereby converted into Common Stock forall
purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender such |
certificates. As soon as practicable after the date of any such automatic conversion.and the
surrender of the: certificate or certificates for C onvertible Preferred Stock as aforesaid, the
Corporation shall cause to be issued and delivered to: such holder, or to such holder’s written °
order, a certificate or certificates. for the umber of full shares of Comrion stock or other.
securities issuable on such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof and cash as
provided in Subsection 5(c) in Tespert of any fraction ofa a share of, Common Stock otherwise.
issuable upon such conversion.

(g) “Certain Adjustments to Conversion Price.

12
(i) Adjustment for Stock Splits, Stock Dividends and Combinations of
Common Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall, after the filing of
.these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, be further subdivided (split), or combined
(reverse split), or in the event of any dividend or other distribution payable on the Common
Stock in shares of Common Stock (a “Common Stock E: vent’), the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such subdivision, combination, dividend or other distribution shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such Common Stock Event be proportionately adjusted by
multiplying the Conversion Price of such series of Convertible Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to such Common Stock Event by a fraction, (i) the numerator.of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to such
Common Stock Event, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after such Com:non Stock Event, and the
product so obtained shall thereafter be the Conversion Price for such series of Convertible
Preferred Stock, subject to further adjustment as provided herein. The Conversion Price for a
series of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the happening
of each subsequent Common Stock Event.

(ii) Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization, Etc. Incase ofa

reorganization or exchange transaction or any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with

another corporation (other than a merger or other reorganization which is deemed to be a
Liquidation and other than a Common Stock Event or reclassification or recapitalization
provided for elsewhere in this Section 5 (g)), then as a part of such reorganization, exchange,
consolidation or merger provision shall be madé such that each share of Convertible Preferred
Stock shall thereafter be convertible into the number of shares of stock or other securities or
property to which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation
deliverable upon conversion of such Convertible Preferred Stock would have ‘been entitled upon
such reorganization, exchange, consolidation or merger; and, in any such case, appropriate °
adjustment (as determined in geed faith by the Board) shall be made in the application. of the
provisions herein set forth with respect to the rights and interests thereafier of the holders of the
Convertible Preferred Stock, to the end that the provisions set forth herein (including provisions _
with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the Conversion Price) shall thereafter be
applicable, as nearly equivalently as reasonably possible. oo

a Gif). Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event |.
the Corporation at any time or from time tc .ime after the filing of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation pays, makes, or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend os other distribution payable.in securities of the
Company other than shares of Common Stock, then and in each such-event provision shall be
made so that the holders. of Convertible Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion thereof, in
addition to the number of shares of Common Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of .
securities of the Company. which they would have received had their Convertible Preferred Stock
been converted into Common Stock on the date of such-event (or such record date, as applicable)
and had they thereafter, during the period from the:date of such event to and including the |

conversion date, retained such securities receivable by them. as aforesaid during such periad,

subject.to all other adjustmenits called for during such périod:under this Section 5 with respect to .

the rights of the holders of the Convertible Preferred. Stock.

13:
(iv)  Adiustment for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. In the

event that at any time or from time to time after the filing of these Amended and Restated

of stock, whether by recapitalization, reclassification or otherwise (other than by a Common
Stock Event or a stock dividend, reorganization, merger or consolidation provided for elsewhere
in this Section 5(g)), then in any such event each holder of Convertible Preferred Stock shall
have the right thereafter to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other
securities and Property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification or other change by
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such.shares of Convertible
Preferred Stock could have been converted immediately prior to such recapitalization,
reclassification or change, all subject to further adjustment a provided herein or with respect to
such other securities or properly by the terms thereof. :

(hy Sale of Shares Below Series B Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of
the Series B Preferred shall be subject-to adjustment, as follows:

(i) if'at any time or from time to time after the Series B Issue Date, the
Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this subparagraph (h) to
have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined in clause (v) below), other
than upon a Common Stock Event as provided in subparagraph (g)(i) above, a reorganization, ..
exchange, consolidation or merger as provided in subparagraph (g)(ii) above, a. dividend or other
distribution payable in securities of the Company as. provided in subparag raph (g}(iii) above, or a
recapitalization, reclassification or other change as provided in Subparagraph (2)(iv) above, for

Price of the Series B Preferred ‘by a fraction (1) the numerator of which shall be the surn of (A)

preceding the date of such issue or sale, plus (B)} the. number of shares of Common Stock that the
aggregate consideration received (or by the express provisions hereof deemed to have been
received) by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares.of Common Stock so .
issued or sold: would purchase at such Conversion Price, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding ’at the close of business on the date of
such issue after giving effect to ‘such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock, p rovided,
however, that for the purposes of this clause (i), all shares of Common Stock. then issuable upon °
conversion or exercise of then oulstanding rights or optioris to acquire Common Stock or. other .
stocks or securities convertible Common Stock shall-be deemed to be outstanding.

. (i) __ For the purpose of making any adjustment required under this |
subparagraph (h), the consideration received by the Corporation for any issue or sale of securities
shall (A) to the extent it consists of cash, be ‘computed at the gross amount of cash received by —
the Corporation before deducting any expenses payable by the Corporation and‘any underwriting
or similar commissions, compensation, or concessions paid or allowed by the Corporation in
connection with such issue or sale, (B) to the extent it consists of property, be computed as

14

PETRA TRV Resch
determined in good faith by the Board, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock,
Convertible Securities or rights or options to purchase either Additional Shares of Common
Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock Or securities or other
assets of the Corporation for a consideration which covers both, be computed as the portion of
the consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board to be
allocable to such Additional Shares of Comrnon Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or
options, as the case may be.

(iit)  For.the purpose of the adjustment required under this subparagraph
{h). tf the Corporation issues or sells any rights, warrants or options to purchase Common Stock
or any Convertible Securities, then the Corporation shall be deemed to have issued at the time of
the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number of
Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion. thereof and‘io have
received as consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amourt of
the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for the issuance of such rights, warrants or
options or Convertible Securities, plus, in the case of such rights, warrants or options, the
minimum amount of consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation upon-the exercise of such
rights, warrants or options, plus, in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum amount of
consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation (other than by cancellation of liabilities or
obligation evidenced by such Convertible Securities) upon the conversion thereof. No further
adjustment of the Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred, adjusted upon the issuance of such
rights, warrants, options or Convertible Securities, shall be made as a result of the actual.issuance
of Additional Shares of Common tock onthe exercise of any such rights, wacrants options or ©
the conversion of any.such Convertible Securities..” If any such rights, warrants or options or the
conve ..i0n privilege represented by any such Convertible Securities shal! expire without having
been fully exercised; then the Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred; adjusted-upon the
issuance of such rights, warrants, options or Convertible Securities, shall be readjusted to the
applicable Conversion Price that would have been in effect had an adjustment been made on the
basis that the only Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued were the Additional Shares of
Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise of such tights,. warrants or options
or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and-such Additional Shares of Common
Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon
such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation for the .
granting of as such rights, warrants or options, whether or not exercised, plus.the consideration
received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually converted, plus the _
consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation (other than by cancellation of .
liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such
Convertible Securities, : 3 7 a

(iv) | For the purpose of the adjustment required under’ this subparagrap bh

(h), if the Corporation issues or sells any ri ghts, warrants or options for the.purchaseof.

Convertible. Securities, then the Corporation shall.be deemed:to have issued at the time of the ~
issuance of such rights, warrants or options the maximum number of Additional Shares of
Common Steck issuable upon conversion of the total.amount of Convertible Securities covered.
by such rights, warrants or options and to’ have received'as consideration for the issuance of such.
Additional Shares of Common Stock an amount equal to the amount of consideration, if any,
received by the Corporation for the issuance of such rights, warrants or options, plus the. -
minimum amount of consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such
rights, warrants or options and plus the minimum amount of consideration, if any, payable to the
Corporation (other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such
Convertible Securities) upon the conversion of such Convertible Securities. No further
adjustment of any Conversion Price, adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, warrants or
options, shalf be made as a result of the actual issuance of the Convertible Securities upon the
exercise of such rights, warrants or options or upon the actual issuance of Additional Shares of
Common Stock upon the conversion of such Convertible Securities. The provisions of clause
(iii) above-for the readjustment of any Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred upon the —
expiration of rights, warrants or option’s or the rights of conversion of Convertible Securities
shall apply, the necessary changes having been made, to the rights, warrants, options and
Convertible Securities referred to in this subpart (iv). .

(v) “Additional Shares of Common Stock’ shail mean all shares of
Common Stock issued by the Corporation or deemed issued by. the Corporation pursuant to -
subsection (h)(iii) and (hi(iv) upon or after the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation, whether or not subsequently reacquired or retired by the Corporation, other than
shares of Commion Stock issued or issuabie (A) upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred
Stock: (8) to (1) officers, employees or directors of, or consultants and advisors to, the |
Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to any stock purchase or stock option plans or other’
similar compensatory arrangements outstanding on the date hereof or unanimously approved by
the Board after the date hereof; (2). financial institutions, equipment leasing companies or -_
persons with whom the Corporation: has a strategic: business relationship (such as a eustomer.or
vendor) pursuant to arrangements determined by the Board to be in the best’ business interests of
the Corporation and unanimously approved by the Board; (C) as a dividend or distribution on the
Series B Preferred; or (D) in connection withthe acquisition of any company, business or assets
determined by the Board to’be in the best interests of the’ Corporation and urianimously approved
by the Board. The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the
quotient determined by dividing the total numberof Additional Shares of Common Stock issued
or sold, or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Corporation under this subparagraph (h),
into the aggregate consideration roceived, or deeméd to have been received by the Corporation.
for such issue under this subparagraph (h), for such Additional Shares of Commoi Stock.

(i) Duration or Adjusted Conversion Price. Following each computation or
readjustment of an, adjusted Conversion Price as provided'above in this Section 5; the new |
adjusted Conversion Price shall remain in effect until a further computation or readjustment
thereof is required by this Section 5. OO :

(§) Certificate as to-Adjustments: Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of a Conversion Price of any of the Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 5, the Corporation at its expense shall. promptly compute such’adjustment or .
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of such Convertible
Preferred Stock a certificate executed by-the Chief Financial Officer of-the Corporation setting
forth such adjustmes’, or readjustment and ‘sHowing'in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. . Fhe Corporation shall, upon the written request, at any.
time, of any holder of any Convertible Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such
holder a Hike certificate setting forth: (i) such’adjustmerits and readjustments; (ii) the applicable
Conversion Price of such Convertible Preferred Stock at the time in effect; and (iii) the number
of shares of Common Stock ‘and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conyersion of such Convertible Preferred Stock.) 2

(k). “Notices of Record: Date. In the event. of any taking by the Corporation of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to’ receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend which is the same as cash

dividends paid-in previous quarters) or other distribution, any capital reorganization of the
_ Corporation, any reclassification or recapitalization of the Corporation’s capital stock, any

consolidation or merger with or into another corporation, any transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation or any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, the
Corporation shall mail to.each holder of Convertible Preferred Stock at least ten (10) days prior
to the date specified for the taking of a record, a notice specifying the date on which any such
record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or other such event.

(1) - Common Stock Reserved. The Corporation shall at times Teserve and.
keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock such number of shares of
Common Siock as shail from time to time be sufficient to effect the full conversion ofall
outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock, and if at any time the number of authorized but
- unissued shares of Common Stock shall riot be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then

outstanding shares of the Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued

shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(m) Payment.of Taxes. The Corporation will pay all taxes (other than taxes
based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect'to the.
issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock, other than any tax or.other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the
_ issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the’shares of

Convertible Preférred Stock so converted were registered. oe

_ (n) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Articles
of Incoxporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to.
avoid the observance or performance of ‘any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation, but will at-all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions hereof, and.in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock as set forth
herein against impairment. Ve ; : ee,

Section 6. _ Redemption of Series A-2 Preferred.

(a) | Mandatory Redemption of Series Acd Preferred. The Series A-2 Preferred

Stock shall be redeemed by the Corporation, out of finds legally available therefor, as follows:
G) _Upon-any automatic conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred
pursuant to Section 5(b), the Corporation. shall redeem all of the Series A-2 Prefeired at the
Series A-2 Redemption Price (as defined in Section 6(b) below), in the manner specified herein.

(ii) | Upon any voluntary conversion by any holder of the Series A-1
Preferred of such holder’s Series A-1 Preferred pursuant to Section 5(a), the Corporation shail
redeem all of Series A-2 Preferred held by such holder at the Series A-2 Redemption Price, in the
manner specified herein; provided, however, that if such holder elects to convert Jess than all of
the shares of Series A-1 Preferred then held by such holder, then the number of shares of Series
A-2 to be redeemed by the Corporation pursuant hereto shall be equal to the total number of
shares of Series A-2 Preferred then held by such holder times a fraction, the numerator of which
is the number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred voluntarily converted’ by such holder and the
denominator of which is the total number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred held by such holder
immediately prior to such voluntary conversion.

(iii) | Fhe redemption of Series A-2 Preferred shall be effective as of the
date of the applicable conversion specified in clause (i) or (ii) above, as applicable (the
“Redemption Date’). In the event the Corporation does not have sufficient funds legally
available to redeem all of the Series A-2 Preferred.as provided above on any Redemption Date,
the Corporation shall on such Redemption Date redeem pro rata in proportion to the aggregate -
Series A-2 Redemption Price each holder would be entitled to receive upon redemption of all of
the Series A-2 Preferred to be redeemed on such Redemption Date, the maximum number of _
shares of Series A-2 Preferred it can legally redeem, if any, and shall redeem the remainder as
soon as the Corporation has funds legally available therefor on one or more occasions as
necessary. Shares of Series A-2 Preferred, which are subject to redemption hereunder but which
_ have not been redeemed die to insufficient legally available funds atid assets of the Corporation -
shall continue to be outstanding: Eack deferred date upon which the Corporation redeems shares
of Series A-2 Preferred in accordance with the irumediately preceding sentence is also herein
referred to as a “Redemption Date.” - :

(6) | Price. The per share‘redemption price for the Series A-2 Preferred (the
“Series A-2 Redemption Price”) shall be an amount ‘equal to $0.0001 per share of Series A-2
Preferred. a o -.

. {©} Redemption Notice by Company. The Corporation shall, as soon as
practicable upon becoming aware of any redemption pursuant to this Section 6, mail written
notice (a “Redemption Notice’’), postage prepaid, to each holder of record of Series A-2'
Preferred to be redeemed at the holder’s post office address last shown on the records of the
Corporation. Each Redemption Notice shall state: - a

i” (i). the total number of the outstanding shares of the Series A-2
Preferred to be redeemed on such Redemption Date; .

(ii) ___ the number of shares of Series A-2 Preferred held by the holder
which the Corporation shall redeem on such Redemption Date in accordance with the provisions
hereof: , ;

18
Git) ~ that the shares of Series A-2 Preferred held by the holder which the
Corporation shall so redeem on such Redemption Date shall be redeemed on such Redemption
Date, which shall be specified as a calendar date and shall be a business day; and

(iv) the time and manner in, and place at, which the holder is to
surrender to the Corporation on such Redemption Date the certificate or certificates representing
the shares of Series A-2 Preferred to be redeemed on such date.

(d) Surrender of Stock. On or as soon as practicable following each
Redemption Date, each holder of Series A-2 Preferred to be redeemed pursuant tc this Section 6
shall surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing the shares to be
redeemed on such: Redemption Date, in the manner and at the place designated in the
Kedemption Notice, and upon each such Redemption Date the applicable Redemption Price for
such shares shail be payable to the order of the person whose a name appears on such certificate
or certificates as the owner thereof, or to such payee as such owner may designate in writing to
the Corporation prior to each such Redemption Date, and each surrendered certificate shall be
canceled and retired,.

(e} Termination of Rights. Ifa Redemption Notice is duly given and if the
applicable Redemption Prices are paid, then notwithstanding that the certificates evidencing any
of the shares of Series A-2 Preferred so called for redemption on such Redemption Date have not
been surrendered, all rights with respect to such-shares shall forthwith after such Redemption
Date cease. :

Section 7. Reassurance of Preferred Stock.

No shares of Preferred Stock which are redeemed, purchased or acquired by the
Corporation or converted into Common Stock shall be reissued, and all such shares shall be
canceled and eliminated from the shares which the Corporation shall be authorized to issue.

iy.

The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent permissible under California law. The Corporation is authorized to provide
_ indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) for
breach of duty to the Corporation and its stockholders through bylaw provisions or through
agreements with the agents, or both, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by
Section 317, of the California Corporations Code, subject to the limits on such excess
indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations Code. —

Cc. The amendments and restatement set forth herein have been duly apptoved and
adopted by the Board of Directors of this Corporation.

. D. The amendments set forth herein have been duly approved by the required vote of
the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code.
The Corporation has outstanding 7,022,875 shares of Common Stock, 4,376,475 shares of Series:

A Convertible Preferred Stock, 9,960,052 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and
3,881,901 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor

19 -
of the amendments equaled or exceeded the Voie required for approval. The percentage vote
required for the approval of the amendments was moré than 50% of the Common Stock, more
than 50% of the Series. A Convertible Preferred Stock, more than 50% of the SeriesB
Convertible Preferred Stock, more than-50% of the Seriés C Convertible Preferred Stock and
more than 50% of the. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock and Series.C Convertible Stock (voting together as a single class).

The undersigned further declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of her own knowledge.

Dated: 2006

Jane Wike, Vice President and Secretary

_ [SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION}. ©. *
Reet meats
MONE A Retait serena AS

i The undersigned further declares under penalty of perjury. under the laws of the State of
California that the niatters set forth in this Certificate are true and cortect of her own knowledge.

Dated: October: 30 _, 2006

e Wike, Vice President and Secretary

__ [SIGHATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION) _
