40317936

riren al

of ths Secretary of State
(8 FSIS sth fice to Serta
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF nee 44 ‘998
DETERMINATION OF PREFERENCES i

OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK OF aN
CIM VISION INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION “ZN
“HE JONES, of Siz
The undersigned, Carl B. Hunt and Jeffrey G. Kurschner, hereby certify that:

A. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary,
respectively of CIM Vision International Corporation, a Califernia corporation
("Corporation")

B. The number of authorized shares constituting the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock is 4,376,475 shares, none of which have been issued.

Cc. Pursuant to authority given by the Corporation's Articles of
Incorporation, the Board of Directors has duly adopted the following recitals and
resolutions:

WHEREAS, the Articles of Incorporation of this Corporation provide for a
class of shares known as Preferred Stock, issuable from time to time in one or more
series; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of this Corporation is authorized to
determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or
imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, to fix the number of
shares constituting any such series, and to determine the designation thereof; and

WHEREAS, this Corporation kas not issued any Preferred Stock, and the Board
of Directors of this Corporation desires, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the first series of Preferred Stock and —
the number of shares constituting aud the designation of said series; }

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors hereby
fixes and determines the designation of, the numberof shares constituting, and. the
‘Tights, preferences; privileges and restrictions relating. to, said first series of Preferred
Stock. in this Certificate of Determination of Preferences of Series A Preferred Stock
(“Certificate”) as follows: :

a _ (a) The first series of Preferred Stock has been designated “Serics A
Convertible Prefezied Stock” (herein “Series A Preferred”). The Series A Preferred
shall have no par valuc.
(b) The number of shares constituting the Series A Preferred shall be
4,376,475 shares (the Series A Preferred” }.

2. Dividends.

(a) The holders of shares of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to
receive dividends if, when and as declared by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. The right to receive dividends on Series A Preferred shall be non-
cumulative, and no right to dividends shall accrue by reason of the fact that no dividend
has been declared on the Series A Preferred in any prior year.

{b) | The Corporation shall not declare or pay any distribution (as
defined below) on shares of Common Stock until the holders of the Series A Preferred
then outstanding shall have first received a distribution at the same rate per share, as is
Geciared on shares of Common Stock, treating each share of Series A Préferred as if
converted into Common Stock adjusted in accordance with the anti-dilution provisions
of Section 5.

(c) For purposes of this Section 1, unless the context requires
otherwise, “distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or property without
consideration, whether by way of dividend or otherwise, payable’ other than in
Coxumon Stock or other securities of the Corporation, or the purchase or redemption of
shares of the Corporation (other than repurchases of Common Stock held by employees
or directors of, or consultants tc, the Corporation upon termination of their
employment or services pursuant: to agreements providing for such repurchase at a
price not exceeding fair market value of-such shares for cash or property, including any
such transfer, purchase or redemption by a subsidiary of this Corporation, but
excluding distributions upon the liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation.

3. Ligqu idation, _ Dissolution or _Winding Up;._ Certain Mergers,

Consotidations and Asset Sales.

(a) | In the event’ of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Series A
Preferred then outstanding shall be. entitled, to be paid. out: of the assets of the |
Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders, before any payment shall be
equal tc $3.1989 per share (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock
dividend, stock ‘split, combination of -other similar recapitalization affecting such
shares), pius any dividerids declared but unpaid-on such shares.

oN\

_).:, Actherger, consolidation or other reorganization to which the Corporation is a

_ Party, Or any. acquisition or sale. of all. or ‘Substantially all of the assets of the
» Corporation in which the shareholders of the Corporation’s Common Stock (the Series
A Preferred deemed to be fully converted) immediately prior to such event do not own
a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the surviving corporation
immediately after such event, will be deemed to be a liquidation.

If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation the
assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be
insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series A Preferred the full preferential
amount to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the above provisions, the entire
assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution shali be distributed solely
ameng the holders of the Series A Preferred ratably in proportion to the full
preferential amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by
them upon such distribution.

(b) After payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid to
the holders of Series A Preferred, upon the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the Corporation, the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation available. for
distribution shall be distributed in equal amounts per share to the holders of Series A
Preferred and the holders of Common Stock (treating each share of Series A Preferred
as if converted into Common Stock).

4. Voting.

Each holder of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred shall be entitled
to the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into
which the shares of Series A Preferred held by such holders are then convertibie (as
adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 5 hereof), at each meeting of
stockholders of the Corporation: (and written actions of shareholders in licu of
meetings) with respect to any and all matters presented to the shareholders of the
Corporation for their action or consideration. Except as provided by law, or by the
provisions of Section 8 below, holders of Series A Preferred shall vote together with
the holders of Common Stock as a'single class.

5. Optional Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

: (a) . Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred shall be

convertible, at the option: of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and —
without the payment of additional consideration. by.. the holder thereof, into, such
number of fully paid and. nonassessable’ shares of Common Stock as is determined -by
dividing $3.1989 by the Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of
conversion. The “Conversion Price” shall initially be $3.1989. Such initial
_ Conversion Price,. and the rate at- which shares-of Series A Preferred may be converted

into shares of Common Stock, shall be. subject to adjustment as provided below.

(6) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shalf
be issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred. In liew of any fractional shares
to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal
to such fraction muitiplied by the then effective Conversion Price.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) In order for a holder of Series A Preferred to convert
shares of Series A Preferred into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender
the certificate or certificates for such shares of Series A Preferred, at the office of the
transfer agent for the Series A Preferred (or at the Principal office of the Corporation if
the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent). together with written notice that such
holder elects to convert all or any number of the shares of the Series A Preferred
represenied by such certificate or certificates. Such notice shall state such holder's
name or the names of the nominees in which such holder Wishes the certificate or
certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. If required by the Corporation,
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed’ or accompanied by a written
instrument or instruments of transfer, in form Satisfactory to the Corporation, duly
executed by the registered holder or his or its attorney duly authorized in writing. Tne
date of receipt of such certificates and notice by the transfer agent (or by the
Corporation.if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) shall be the conversion
date (“Conversion Date”). The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable -after the
Cortversion Date, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Series A Preferred,
or to his or its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled, togetier with cash in lieu of any
fraction of a share. .

. Gi) The Corporation shall at all times when the Series A
Preferred shall be outstanding, zeserve and keep available out of its authorized but
unissued stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series A Preferzed,
such number of its. duly autherized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time
be sufficient to effect thé conversion of all outstanding Series A Preferred. Before
taking any action which would cause.an adjustment reducing the Conversion Price
below the thea par value, if any, of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Series A’ Preferred, the Corporation will take any corporate action

_ Which may, in the opinion: of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Corporation
_ may validly and. ‘=gally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Conimon Stock at
_ Such adjusted Conversion:Price. ) :

Gi Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to ithe

: Conversion Price shialf be made for any declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A
‘Preferred surrendered: for conversion -or on the Common Stock delivered upon
_ eonversion, which unpaid dividends shalt remain payable in accordance with the terms
(iv) AU shares of Series A Preferred which shall have been
surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be deemed to be
outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares, including the rights, if any, to
receive notices and to vote, shall immediately cease and terminate on the Conversion
Date, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in
exchange therefor and Payment of any dividends declared but unpaid thereon, and the
person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor
Shall be treated for all Purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of -
Common Stock at the close of business on the Conversion Date. Any shares of Series
A Preferred so converted shall be retired and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and
the Corporation (without the need for stockholder action) may from time to time take
such appropriate action as may be necessary to reduce the authorized Series A
Preferred accordingly.

(v) | The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other
taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares of Common
Stock upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred pursuant to this Section 5. The
Corporation shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in
Tespect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common
Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series A Preferred so converted

person or entity requesting such issuance has paid to the Corporation the amount of any
such tax or has established, to the Satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has

been paid.
(d) Adjustments te Conversion Price for Dilution Issues:

(iy Special Definitions. For purposes of this Subsection 5(d),
the following definitions shall apply:

. (A) “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities,
excluding options described in subsection 3(d)(D(D)(I) below.

. . __, BY. “Original Issue_Date” shall mean the date on
which a share of Series 4 Preferred was first issued. :

oe ~  €) > “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness, shares or other. securities directly or indirectly convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock.
a ee (D) .. “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shalt mean
. -all'shares of Cotimon Stock issued (or, pursuant to Subsection. 5(d\(ii) below, deemed.
"to be isstied) by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than:
(I) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as
a dividend or distribution on Series A
Preferred or upon conversion of Series A
Preferred;

(I) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable by
reason of a dividend, stock split, split up or
other distribution on shares of Common Stock
that is covered by Subsection 5(e} or 5)
below;

di) up to 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock,
which shares or options therefor may be issued
to employees or directors of, or consultants to,
the Corporatic~, provided that such shares are
issued pursuant to stock option plans or
agreements that have been approved by the
Corporation’s Board of Directors; or

((V) shares of Common Stock or Convertib!e
Securities issued in connection with a business
acquisition or combination of or by the
Corporation (whether by merger,
consolidation, sale of assets, sale or exchange

_ of stock or otherwise) or as part of a strategic
alliance or joint veature within the scope of the
Corporaticn’s business, provided that such
business transaction is approved by the Board
of Directors.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in
the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Preferred is

convertible shall be made, by adjustment in the Conversion Price: (a) unless the
consideration per. share (determined. pursuant. to Subsection 5(d)(v)) for an Additional

| Share of Common Stock issued. or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than

the Conversion Price in ‘effect on the date of, and immediately prior to, the issue of
such Additional Shares, or (b) if prior’ to. such issuance, the Corporation receives
written notice from: thé holders of at least a majority of the then cuistanding shares of
the Series A Preferred agreeing that no such adjustment shall be made to such shares of

| ‘Series. A Preferred as the result of the issuance. of Additional Shares of Common Stock
.  -.provided ‘that such notice be applicable. only to the specific issuance of Additional
pe Shares: of. nit
| other or subsequent issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock).

moni Stock described in such notice. and shall not be applicabie to any
(iii} §=—s Issue of Securities Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of
Common Stock.

If the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date
shali issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the
determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options
or Convertibie Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as
set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provision contained
therein for 2 subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such
Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities, issuable upon the conversion or
exchange thereof, shall be deemed io be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as
of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the
close of business. on such record date, provided that Additional Shares of Common
Stock shail not be deemed to have been issued unless the consideration per share
(determined pursuant to Subsection 5(d\(v) hereof) of such Additional Sharés. of
Common Stock would be jess than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, or such record date, as the case may be, and provided
further that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed
to be issued:

(A). No further adjustment in the Conversion Price
shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise of Options or conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities:

(B) If such Options or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase or decrease in
the consideration. payable to. the Corporation, upon the exercise, conversion or
exchange thereof, the ‘Conversion Price computed upon. the original issue. thereof (or
upon the occurrence of a record. date with respect thereto), and any subsequent
adjustments based thereon, shall, upon any “such increase or decrease becoming
effective, be recomputed to ‘reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such
Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under-such Convertible Securities;

ae y Upon the expiration ‘or ‘termination of. any |
unexercised Optio’, 1 the Conversion: Price computed on the original ‘issuance thereof,
and any subsequent. adjustments -b based ‘thereon, shall -be recomputed to reflect such -
termination; oo

(D} ‘Inthe: event of any change in the number of shares
Of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of any Option or

oe ‘Convertible Security; including, but not limited 10, a change resuiting from the anti-

dilution Provisions thereof, the Conversion Price then in effect shall forthwith be
readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained had the adjustment which
was made upon the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security not exercised or
converted prior to such change been made upon the basis of such change; and

(E) No readjustment pursuant to clause (B) or D)
above shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price to an amount which
exceeds the lower of (i) the Conversion Price as in effect on the original adjustment
date applicable to the Options or Convertible Securities actually exercised or converted,
as the case may be, or (ii) the Conversion Price that would have been in effect as of the
date of such readjustment as a result of any issuances of Additional Shares of Common
Stock between such original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

In the event the Corporation, after the Original Issue Date, amends the terms of
any Options or Convertible Securities (whether such Options or convertible Securities
were outstanding on the Original Issue Date or were issued after the Original Issue
Date), then such Options or Convertible Securities, as so amended, shall be deemed to
have been issued after the Original Issue Date and the provisions of this Subsection
S(d\iii) shall apply.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of

Additional Shares of Common Stock.

In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Original Issue Date issue
Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common. Stock
deemed to be issued pursuant to Subsection 5(d)Gii), but excluding shares issued as a
stock split or combination as provided in Subsection 3(€) or upon.a dividend or
distribution as provided in. Subsection 5(f), without consideration or for a consideration
per share less than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior
to such issue, then and in such event, such Conversion Price shall be reduced,
concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by
multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be
(1) the number of shares of Common-Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue
plus (2) the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration
received or to be received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares
of Common. Stock so issued would purchase at such Conversion Price; and (B) the
denominator of which. shalt be the number of shares. of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Coramon
Stock so issued; provided that for the purpose of this Subsection. 5(d\{iv), all shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of securities convertible: into ‘Common Stock
that are outstanding immediately prior to such issue shali be deemed to be outstanding.

Subsection 5(d); ihe consideration ‘Teceived by the Corporation for the issue of any
| Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(vy Determination of Consideration. _ For the purposes of this

(A) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall-

¢3) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed
at the aggregate of cash received by the Corporation, excluding amounts paid or
payable for accrued interest:

(I) —s insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors; and

(HE) in the event Additional Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other asseis of the
Corporation for consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such
consideration so received allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock,
computed as provided in clauses (I) and (ID above, as determined in good faith by the

Board of Directors.
{B) Options and Convertible Securities. The

consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common
Stock deemed to have been issued pursuant.to Subsection 5(d)(iii), relating to Options
and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing

(x) the total ameuni, if any, received or
receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or —
Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration _
{as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without tegard to any provision
contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of sach Options.or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise
of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertibie Securities, by ~

(y¥) the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any
provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon
the exercise of such Options or the conversion or. exchange of such Convertible
Securities.

(€)  Adjustmem for Stock ‘Splits and Combinations. Ifthe
Corporation shall at any time.or from time:to time after the Original Issue Date effect a

subdivision ‘of the outstanding Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect

immediately. before that subdivision shall ‘be Proportionately decreased. If the

Corporation shall’ at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date
combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect

‘imsnediately before the combination shalt be proportionately iacreased. Ary

9
adjustment under this paragraph shall become effective at the close of business on the
date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(f) Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event
the Corporation: at any time; or from time to ‘time; after the: ‘Original Issue. Date: shall
make o7 issue, or fix a- record. date for the determination of holders of. Common Stock
entitled to receive, a dividend or ‘other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock, then and in each such event the Conversion Price then in effect shall
be decreased as of the time of such issuarice or, in the event such a: ‘record date shal?
have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying the
Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

(i) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the time of. such issuance or the close of business on such
record date, and

(2) the denominator of which shail be the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the time of such issuance or the close of -busi1
record date plus the number of shares. 0! Comnion: Stock
issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution; —

provided, however, if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not
fully paid, or if such distribution is. not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the
Conversion Price shall be recomputed. accordizgly :as of the close of business oa such
record date .and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted . “pursuant to this
paragraph. as of the time of actual ‘payment of such dividends or distributions; and
provided further, however, that no such adjustment shall be made if the holders of
Series A Preferred. simnultaneously receive a dividend or other distribution of shares of
Comnion Stock. ina. humber equal to the number of shares of Common Stock as they
would have received if all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred had been converted
into Common Stock on the date of such event.. a Oe

(g) Adjustments for Other Dividends. and Distributions. ‘In the event
the eke at t any ¢ time. or 1 fom. Reevet afer, the:.. Original - issue Date shall

Period, giving application to all adjustments called ‘for during such period under this
paragraph with respect to the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred: and
provided further, however, that no such. adjustment shall be made if the holders of
Series A Preferred Simultaneously receive a dividend ‘or other distribution ‘of such
securities ‘in an amount equal. to the amount of ‘such securities as-they would have
received if all outstanding shares ‘of Series A Preferred had been converted into
Common Stock on the daté of such event.

(b) —_ Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange or Substitution. If the
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred shall be changed
into the same or a different umber of shares of any class er classes of ‘stock; whether
by capita} reorganization, reclassification, or otherwise {other than. a subdivision or
combination of shares or stock dividend provided for below), then and i:. each such
event, the holder of each such share of Series: A Preferred shall have the right
thereafter to convert such share into the kind and amount of shares of stock and other
securities and property receivable upon such reorganization, reclassification, ‘or other
change, by holders of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Shares
of Series A Preferred might have been converted immediately prior to such
reorganization, reclassification, or change, all subject to further adjustment as provided
herein. rr

 @ Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization, etc. In case of any
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another corporation or the sale
of all. or substantially ali of the assets of the Corporation to another corporation, each

share of Series A Preferred shall. thereafter be convertible (or shall be converted into a

security which shall be convertible): into: the kind and ‘amount of shares of stock or
other securities or property to which a holder of the number of ‘shares of Common
Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon conversion. of such Series A Preferred would
have deen entitled upon such consolidation, merger or sale; and, in such case,

appropriate adjustment (as. determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) shall be

made: in the application of the’ provisions in this Section 5‘set forth with. respect to. the
rights and interest thereafter of the: holders Of the Series A Preferred, to the end that the
Provisions. set forth in this Section 5 (including Provisions with respect to changes in

and other adjustments-of the Conversion. Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly .
as reasonably may be, in relation to any shares of stock or other property thereafter
deliverable upon. conversion of the Series A Preferred. Be

~ Articles. of Incorporation or “through © any. 3

consolidation, ‘merger, ‘dissolution, issue or. sale of securities or anyother voluntary
_ action, avoid or seek to:avoid the observ: Of performiance of any of the terns to be
-. .Obstixed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, ‘but will at all times in'good faith

assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 5 and in the taking of aif
such: action as may: be Necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion
Rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred against impairment.

(k). Certificate as to’ ‘Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the ‘Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 5, the
Corperation at its expense shall prompt); ompute such adjustment Or readjusimert in
accordance with. the: terms hereof. and furnish to. each: holder’ of ‘Series A Preferred 2
certificate setting forth such adjustment’ or: readjustment and showing’ in detail the facts
upor which such. adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the
written request at any time. of any holder of Series A Preferred, furnish or cause to be
furnished to..such holder a similar certificate. setting forth. Q), ‘such adjustments and
readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price then i 4n effect, and Gi) the ‘number of shares of
Common Stock aid the amount, if any, of other property which then would be received
upon the conversion of Series A Preferred.

(i) Notice of Record Date. In the event:

(i) that the Corporation declares a dividend (or any other
distribution) on its Common Stock payable in Common Stock
or other securities of the Corporation;

(ii) that the Corporation subdivides or combines its outstanding
shares of Common Stock;

(ili) of any reciassification of the ‘Common: Stock of the
Corporation: (other: than. a ‘subdivision or combination of its
outstanding Shares of Common Stock or a stock dividend or
stock distribution: thereon), ‘or of any consolidation OF Merger
of the Corporation: into-or with another corporation, or of the
sale of all’ or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation;
or

{iv) of. the involuntary or voluntary dissolution, liquidation or
winding up: of the Corporation;

then. the . Corporition shall cause to. be filed at its principal office or at the office of the
transfer agent of the Series A Preferred, and shall cause to be mailed to the holders of
the Series A Preferred. at their last addresses as shown on the records of the
| Corporation: of such’ transfer’ ‘agent, at Je .

'» below! or twenty ‘days before

ted i ee) below, a notice ¢ stating

east: ten days prior t to’ the date specified in: w
(B) the date on which such reclas:ific ication, consolidation, a :
merger, sale, dissolution, liquidaien. or... windi ge
expected to become effective, and ‘he date. as.
expected that holders of Common Stock of record ‘shall
entitled to exchange their shares: of Common - ‘Stock f
securities or other property deliverable : upon =\'such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution: or oy
winding up. |

6. Mandatory Conversion.

(a) . Upon the earlier of (i) the closing. of the ‘sale_ of shares Of
Common Stock in a firmly underwritten public offerin:; pursuant to. a: “effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in which the
aggregate purchase price to the public equals or exceeds $15 000. 000 and: the: per: share”. ve
offering price is at least $10.00 (appropriately adjusted ‘in. the event: ‘of any.‘stock
dividend, stock split, combination or other similar re:‘apitalization affectin yo
shares), or (ii) the vote or affirmative written consent of ; ithe holders of a majority

“of “
the Series A Preferred (the “Maruatory Conversion Date: ”Y, all outstanding shares f..

Series A Preferred shall. autcizatically be converted into shares.-of Commo:
the then effective Conversion Price, aad thereafter all refi; ‘rences herei n
Preferred shall. be deleted and shali be of no further force or ‘effect. °

(b) All holders of record of shares c ’ Series A Preferred pon be aes
given written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Date. and. the place. designated 1 tor not
mandatory conversion of all such shares of Series A Fret: otred pursuant tO this. Section eo
6. Such notice need not be given in advance of the «iccurrence of. ‘the: Mandatory.° -.
Conversion Date. . Such notice shali be sent by first class or registered mail, “postage a
prepaid, to each record holder of Series A Preferred it such™ holder’s address. last aS
shown on the records of the transfer agent for the Series 4; Preferred (or: the records:
the Corporation, if it serves as its own transfer agent}. Upon. receipt. of: s
each holder of shares of Series A Preferred shall surre.der ‘his or its ce
certificates for afl such shares to the Corporation at the pl: ce: ‘designated ‘i ‘in:s
and shall thereafter receive certificates for the number of shares of. Common: 0
which such holder is entitled pursuant to this Section 6. Ci the. Mandatory Conver
Date, all rights. with respect to the Series A Preferred. so c mvel
any, fo receive notices and vote (other than as a holdér.
terminate except only the ens of the holders therecf,

any declared bat unpaid dividends thereon. It sO rec a)
certificates. surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or acco
instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the €
executed by the registered holder or by his or its attorney duly” authori:

AS soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Dz ie and: the. ¢ surtend

13
certificate or certificates for Series A Preferred, the Corporation shali cause to be
issued and delivered to such holder, or on his or its written order, a certificate or
certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such conversior
in accordance with the provisions hereof and cash as provided in Subsection 5(b) in
respect of any fraction or a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such
conversion.

(c) All certificates evidencing shares of Series A Preferred which are
required to be surrendered for conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof
shall, from and after the Mandatory Conversion Date, be deemed to have been retired
and cancelled and the shares of Series A Preferred represented thereby converted into
Common Stock for ail purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders
thereof to surrender such certificates on or prior to such date, and the persoa or
persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
Shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock at the close of business on the Mandatory Conversion Date. . The
Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need fo:
stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized Series A Preferred
accordingly.

7. Redempti tion. Subject to the provisions of the California Generai
_ Corporation Law and to any other applicable legal restrictions on the right of a
corporation to redeem its own shares, the Series A Preferred shall be redeemed by the

Corporation upon’ the written request of at least a majority, of the then outstanding
Series A Preferred. Upon. such request, the redemption shall be effected in three
‘Substantially equal annual installments commencing after the fifth anniversary of the
issuance of the Series A Preferred, which commencement Gate shall not be less than 45
days atter the request (the “Redemption Date”). On the Redemption Date, the

Corporation shall commence the redemption of all outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred by paying the first annual installment. Each share of Series A Preferred to be
so redeemed shall be redeemed against payment in said three installments of an amount in
cash: equal to.$3,1989: per share (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any
stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such
shares), plus, in each case, all declared and unpaid dividends thereon to the Redemption
Date.

Notice of such redemption (the "Redemption Notice”) specifying the Redemption

‘Date, the ncdemption price, the number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred to be
redeemed, the number of shaves of the Series A Preferred held by. the holder which the
. Corporation shall redeem .on such Redemption Date in accordance with the provisions |
- heteof; the place where the amount to be paid upon redemption is payable and the date on
. which. such. holder’s Conversion Rights (as hereinafter defined) as to such redeemed
shares, terminate and calling upon. such holder to surrender his certificate or certificates
’ fepr senting the: shares te he redeemed to the Corporation in the manner and at the place
ad be designated im. such Redemption Notice, shall be mailed, postage prepaid, at least

14
thirty (30) days prior to said Redemption Date to the holders of record of the Series A
Preferred at their respective addresses as the same shall appear on the books of the
Corporation. On or after the Redemption Date, each holder of shares of the Series A
Preferred to be redeemed shall surrender his certificate or certificates representing such
shares. to the Corporation in-the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption
Notice, and thereupon the ‘aistaliments payable upon the redemption shall be paid to the
order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or- certificates as the owner
thereof. All shares of redeemed stock shall be cancelled and retired and not reissued.

If the Redemption Notice shall have been s sO mailed, and if, on ‘or before the
Redemption Date specified in such notice, ali funds necessary for each redemption
installment shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from its other
funds, in trust for the account of the holders of the shares to be redeemed, so as to be and
continue to be available therefor, then, on and after said Redemption Date,
notwithstanding that any certificate for shares so called for redempiion shail not have
been surrendered for cancellation, the shares represented thereby so called for redemption
shalt be deemed to be no longer outstanding. the right to receive dividends thereon shall
cease, and all rights with respect to such shares of Series A Preferred so called for
redemption shall forthwith cease and terminate, except the right of the holders thereof to
receive out of the funds so set aside in trust the installments s payable on n redemption
thereof but without any interest.

If “ithe: funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption on any
Redemption Date are insufficient to redeerix the total number of. shares to be redeemed on
such date in accordance with the above, those funds which are legally available will be
used to redeem the maximum possible number of shares ratably among the holders of
such shares to be redeemed: The shares of stock not redeemed shall remain outstanding
and entitled to ail the. rights and preferences. provided herein, and. the’ Corporation shall.
redeem such remainder as seon as the Corporation has funds legally available therefor on
one or more occasions as necessary (and in the case of each such required additional
redemption, if the Corporation does not have sufficient funds legally. available to redeem
alt of such remaining shares required to be redeemed as soon.as possible, it shali on each
such occasiei redeem such shares ratably in proportion to the full redemption amounts
each holder would be entitled to receive).

8, Protective Provisions, In addition to any other rights provided by law,

for so’ long as at least 20% of. the. ‘shares of Series A Preferred originally: issued by the...

Corporation remain ovtstanc ing. ‘the Corporation. shall, not, without first obtaining the

affirmative vote or ‘written consent of the holders of not Jess than: a a majority of the then

outstanding st shares. of Series A Preferred:

ere @- % “Amend or repeal any provision of,-or add aay: provision |
LO, the ‘Corporation’s. ‘Articles: Or Incorporation, By-laws, or: this: ‘Certificate, if such

ava action ‘woukd adversely affect: the preferences, rights, privileges or ‘powers. of, or the

ae Ea restrictions Provided for the benefit of, the Series A Preferred:
(ii) Authorize or issue any new or existing class or classes or
series of capital stock having any preference or priority as to dividends or assets
superior to or on a parity with any such preference or priority of the Series A
Preferred, or authorize or issue shares of stock of any class or any bonds, debentures,
notes or other obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or having rights to
purchase, any shares of stock of the Corporation having any preference or priority as to
dividends or assets superior to or on a parity with any such preference or priority of
the Series A Preferred, or obligate itself to do any of the foregoing;

tii) Increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of
Series A Preferred;

{iv} Pay or declare any dividend or distribution on any shares
of its capital stock (except dividends payable solely in shares of Common Stock);

(v) Apply any of its assets to the redemption, retirement,
purchase or acquisition, directly or indirectly, through subsidiaries or otherwise, of any
shares of its capital stock, except for the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from
directors, employees and consultants, pursuant to restricted stock and similar
agreements with respect to the vesting of such shares of Common Stock, not to exceed
$25,000 for each such director, employee or consultant in any 12 month period;

(vi) Merge ox consolidate into or with any other corporation
or other entity or sell all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets or take any
other action which results in the holders of the Corporation’s capital stock prior to the |
transaction owning less than 50% of the voting power of the Corporation’s capital -
Stock after the transaction; - -

(vii) Purchase or redeem any shares of Preferred Stock other
than pursuant to the redemption provisions contained in the Articles of Incorporation:
or

; (viii) Permit a subsidiary of the Corporation to issue or obligate
itself to issue securities to a third party.

__D. The authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation

is 5.000,000 and the number of shares constituting Series A Preferred, none of which
has been issued is 4,376,475. :

16
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Cecstificate on December
1, 1998.

Cm 6 eT

Car! B. Hunt, President

The undersigned, Carl B. Hunt and Jeffrey G. Kurschner, President and
Secretary. respectively, of CIM Vision International Corporation, declare under penalty
of perjury that the matters set forth in the foregoing Certificate are true and of his own
knowledge.

Executed at ong Beach, California on December 1, 1998.

CX &@ Be

Cari B. Hunt .

iA ih aed A aa bined aad ER nie ata ee ett te Te

PMtdwseate,

Nees
¥

