A0TL295 | x FILED

Secreta
ISS5(45 surv State of Calfomia
AGREEMENT OF MERGER JUL 0 1 208

This Agreement of Merger (“Merger Agreement”) is entered into as of July 1, 2013 by and
between Ace Acquisition Corp., a California corporation (herein “Ace Acquisition”) and} Apriso
Corporation’ a California corporation (herein “Apriso” and together with Ace Acquisition, the
“Constituent Corporations”).

RECITALS

A. Apriso was incorporated on March 10, 1993. Its current authorized capital stock consists
of 80,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 44,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock.

B. Ace Acquisition was incorporated on May 9, 2013. Its current authorized capital stock
consists of 1,000 shares of Common Stock,

C. The respective boards of directors of Apriso and Ace Acquisition deem it advisable and
to the best interests of the Constituent Corporations and their sharcholders that Ace
Acquisition be merged with and into Apriso upon the terms and conditions set forth in
this Merger Agreement.

D. The boards of directors of each of the Constituent Corporations have approved this
Merger Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Constituent Corporations hereby adopt the plan of rcorganization
set forth in this Merger Agrecment and do hereby agree that Ace Acquisition shall merge
with and into Apriso on the following terms, conditions and other provisions:

1. Merger and Effective Time. At the Effective Time (as defined below), Ace Acquisition
shall be merged with and into Apriso (the “Merger”), and Apriso shall] be the surviving
corporation of the Merger (the “Surviving Corporation”). The Merger shai! become
effective at the time a copy of this Merger Agreement, along with all required officers’
certificates, is filed and accepted with the Secretary of State of the State of California (the
“Effective Time’).

2. Effect of Merger. At the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Ace
Acquisition shall cease, and the corporate identity, existence, power, rights and
immunities of Apriso as the Surviving Corporation shall continue unimpaired by the
Merger, and Apriso shall succeed to and shall possess all the assets, properties, rights,
privileges, powers, franchises, immunities, and purposes, and be subject to all the debts,
liabilitics, obligations, restrictions and duties of Ace Acquisition, all without further act
or deed.

3. Governing Documents. At the Effective Time, the Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation of Apriso shalt be amended and restated in their entirety in the form

jv
attached hereto as Exhibit A and hereby incorporated by reference, and such amended
and restated Articles of Incorporation shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation.

. Directors and Officers. At the Effective Time, the directors and officers of Ace
Acquisition immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial directors and
officers of the Surviving Corporation from and after the Effective Time, each to hold
office in accordance with the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

. Conversion of Shares of Apriso, At the Effective Time, (i) each outstanding share of
Series A~] Preferred Stock of Apriso shall be cancelled and converted into the right to
receive $4,6158 in cash per share, (ii) each outstanding share of Series A-2 Preferred
Stock of Apriso shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $1.00 in cash
per share, (iii) each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock of Apriso shall be
cancelled and converted into the right to receive $3,3850 in cash per share and (iv) each
outstanding share of Common Stock of Apriso shall be cancelled and converted into the
right to receive $2.5014 in cash per share.

. Conversion of Shares of Ace Acquisition. At the Effective Time, each outstanding share

of Ace Acquisition shall be converted into one share of the Surviving Corporation.

. Further Assurances. Ace Acquisition shall, from time to time, as and when requested by
Surviving Corporation, execute and deliver all such documents and instruments and take
all such action necessary or desirable to evidence or carry out this Merger.

- Governing Law: Counterparts. This Merger Agreement shall be governed by and
construed under the internal laws of the State of California, without giving effect to

principles of conflicts of laws, This Merger Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Merger Agreement as of the date
and year first above written.

ACE ACQUISITION CORP. APRISO CORPORATION,

a California corporation a California corporation

(“Ace Acquisition”) (“Apriso” or the “Surviving
Corporation”)

By:
Name: James Henderson
Title: President & CEO

By:
Narhe: Joe Hutche. Name: Carey Tokirio
Title: Secretary . Title: Secretary

¥

[Signature Page to Agreement of Merger]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
and year first above written.

ACE ACQUISITION CORP.
a California corporation
(“Ace Acquisition”)

By:
Name: Kathy Allen
Title: President & CEO

By:
Name: Joe Hutcheson
Title: Secretary

parties have duly executed this Merger Agreement as of the date

APRISO CORPORATION,
a California corporation
(“Apriso” or the “Surviving
Corporation”)

Namedsames Henderson

Title: President & CEO

Name: Carey TSkirio
Title: Secretary

[Signature Page to Agreement of Merger]
EXHIBIT A

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
APRISO CORPORATION

ARTICLE I The name of this corporation is: Apriso
Corporation.

ARTICLE II

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the banking
business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be incorporated by the
California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE Ili

This corporation is authorized to issue only one class of shares of stock which shall be
designated common stock, $0.01 par value per share; and the total number of shares which the corporation is
authorized to issue is one thousand (1,000) shares.

ARTICLE IV

(a) The ability of directors of the corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

{b) The corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with agents, vote
of shareholders or disinterested directors, or ot herwise, to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

(c) Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article IV shall
not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of this corporation existing at the time of such
ainendment, repeal or modification.
Certificate of Approval of
Agreement of Merger

James Henderson and Carey Tokirio hereby certify that:

They are the President & Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, respectively, of
APRISO CORPORATION, a California corporation (the “Corporation”.

The principal terms of the Agreement of Merger as set forth in the form attached were
duly approved by all members of the board of directors of the Corporation.

There are 11,717,894 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, 13,574,298 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock and 31,317,882 shares of Common Stock outstanding and entitled to vote
on the merger. The principal terms of the Agreement of Merger were required to be
approved by 50.1% of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate class, 50.1% of the outstanding shares of Series A-l Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class, 50.1% of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, voting as a separate class, and 50.1% of the outstanding shares-of Series
A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a
single class. The principal terns of the Agreement of Merger as set forth in the form
attached were approved by the outstanding shares of the Corporation by a vote of each
class and series of capital stock that equaled or exceeded the vote required.

We further declare solely in our capacity as officers of the Corporation and under penalty of
perjury under the laws of the State of California that the matters set forth in this certificate are
true and correct of our own knowledge.

Date: July / , 2013

ief Executive Officer

Certificate of Approval of
Agreement of Merger

Kathy Allen and Joe Hutcheson hereby certify that:

) 1. They are the President & Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, respectively, of ACE
ACQUISITION CORP., a California corporation (the “Corporation”),

2. The principal terms of the Agreement of Merger as set forth in the form attached were
duly approved by the sole memiber of the board of directors and by the sole shareholder
of the Corporation by a vote that equaled or exceeded the vote required,

3. The shareholder approval was by the holder of 100% of the outstanding shares of the
Corporation. . .

4. . There is only one class of shares and the number of shares outstanding and entitled to
vote on the merger is 100 shares. ;

We further declare solely in our capacity ag officers of the Corporation and under penalty of
perjury under the laws of the State of California that the matters set forth in this certificate are

true and correct of our own knowledge.
Kathy A President & Chief Executive Officer

Date: July / , 2013
¢ Hutcheson, Secretary

Signature Page to Ace Acquisition Corp. Certificate of Approval of Agreement to Merger
