State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Co rations
Delivered 11:35 BM 05/17/2006
FILED 11:35 AM 05/17/2006
SRV 060468112 - 3950940 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION oO

OF
AQUESYS, INC.

AqueSys, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the ‘ ‘Corporation”), hereby certifies as follows:

1. The name of the Corporation is’ AqueSy3, Inc.

2. The Corporation was originally incorporated and the original Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of the State of
Delaware on April 6, 2005 under the name TIF Acquisition VI, Inc.

3. The: Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the: State of Delaware on
February. 13th, 2006, a Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation
to effectuate the change in the Company’s name to AqueSys, Inc.

4. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 141{f}, 242, 245 and 228 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the written consent of the
Corporation’s Board of Directors and its stockholders. This Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates; integrates, amends and supersedes
the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation.

5: The teat of the. Certificate of Incorparation is hereby restated and amended to read
in its entirety as follows:

FIRST: The name of the corporation {hereinafter called the “Corporation”) is: AqueSys,
Inc.

SECOND: The address of the Carporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is:
1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19891, County of New Castle. The registered agent
in charge thereof is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawfu! act or activity for
which corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

FOURTH: The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated
respectively preferred stock (“Preferred Stock”) and common’ stock (“Common Stock”). The
total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue
is Fifteen Million Seven Hundred Thirty One Thousand Four Hundred Thirty Eight (15,731,438)
shares, of which:. (i) Ten Million Two Hundred Forty Eight Thousand Seven Hundred Nineteen
(10,248,719) shall be designated shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and
(ii) Five Million Four Hundred Eighty Two Thousand Seven Hundred Nineteen (5,482,719) shall
be désignated shares: of Preferred Stock, $0.000] par value per share (the “Preferred. Stock”),
Five Million Four Hundred Eighty Two Thousand Seven Hundred Nineteen (5,482,719) of

ATLANTA:4797279.5
which shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the
“Series A Preferred Stock”).

The shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”) is expressly authorized to
provide for the issuance of all or any of the remaining shares of the Preferred Stock in one or
more series, and to fix the number of shares and to determine for each such series such voting
powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences, and relative,
participating, optional, or other rights and such qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof,
as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors
providing for the issue of such shares and as may be permitted by the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware. The Board of Directors is also expressly authorized to increase or
decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of
shares of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series. In case the number of shares
of any such series shal] be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the
Status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares
of such series,

The following is a statement of the designations and the powers, privileges and rights,
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect of the Common Stock and
Series A Preferred Stock.

A. COMMON STOCK

I. General. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the
Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock as
may be designated by the Board of Directors upon any issuance of the Preferred Stock of any
series.

2. Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share
of Common Stock held at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of meetings).
There shall be no cumulative voting.

3. Number of Shares. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be
increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote,
irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

4. Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock from
funds lawfully available therefor if, as and when determined by the Board of Directors and
subject to any preferential dividend rights of any then outstanding preferred stock.

5. Liquidation. Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, subject to any preferential rights of any
then outstanding preferred stock.

ATLANTA:4797279.6
B. SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK.

L. Dividends. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, in preference to the holders of the Junior Stock (as defined in Section 2(a) below), out of
funds Jegally available therefor, Gfas ard When declared, by the Corporation’s Board of
Directors, dividends annually at a ra OF.(i) eight percent (8%) per annum
and (ii) the dividends payable on the Common Stock on.a pari padsu, as converted basis (the
“Dividend Rate”). Such dividends on each share of Series A Preferred’ Stock shall be payable in
cash at the Dividend Rate on the purchase price paid to the Corporation by the initia) holder of
each such share. Unless all declared dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock have been paid or
a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart, no dividend shall be paid or declared, and no
distribution shall be made, on any Junior Stock and no redemption of any Junior Stock shall
occur. Except as otherwise provided herein, if at any time the Corporation pays less than the
total amount of dividends then declared but unpaid with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock,
such payment shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock based
upon the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each such holder.
Upon any conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, all rights to such preferential
dividends on such shares shal] terminate.

2. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

(a) In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then
outstanding shal] be entitled to be paid out of the assets and funds of the Corporation available
for distribution to its stockholders, before any payment shal! be made to the holders of Common
Stock or any other class or series of stock ranking on liquidation junior to the Series A Preferred
Stock (such Common Stock and other stock being collectively referred to as “Junior Stock’) by
reason of their ownership thereof, the amount determined pursuant to subsections (b), (c), and (d)
below, as applicable (with all per share calculations in this Section 2 subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization affecting such shares) plus any dividends declared but unpaid on such shares
based on a per share amount (the ‘Qnitial Calculation” determined by dividing the value of such
assets and the funds of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders by the shares
of Common Stock then outstanding, calculated in all cases assuming the conversion of all
Preferred Stock into Common Stock.

(b) Cie Initial Calculation is greater than or equal to $1.678 per share (two
times $0.839, the original purchase price per share of the Series A Preferred Stock), then the total
amount of assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders (such
total amount, the “Total Distributable Amount”) shal! be distributed among the holders of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock, Common Stock and any other class or series of stock entitled to
participate in liquidation distributions with the holders of Common Stock, pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion into Common Stock of
all such shares of Series A Preferred Stock).

(c) If the Initial Calculation is less than $1.678 per share (two times $0.839,
the original purchase price per share of the Series A Preferred Stock), then the holders of the

ATLANTA:4797279.6
Series A Preferred Stock shall receive the Total Distributable Amount, up to a maximum amount
per share equal to the original purchase price per share paid to the Corporation by the initial
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock therefor ($0.839 per share), pro rata based on the number
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each such holder (assuming conversion into
Common Stock of all such shares referred Stock). After such distribution to the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock, any (nang a5 ad funds of the Corporation available for
distribution to its stockholders shall be buted among the holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, Common Stock and any other class or series of stock entitled to participate in
liquidation distributions with the holders of Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of

shares of Common Stock held by each such holder (assuming conversion into Common Stock of
all such shares of Series A Preferred Stock).

(d) If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be
insufficient to pay to each of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock an amount at least equal to
the original purchase price paid to the Corporation by the initial holders of such Series A
Preferred Stock, then the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall receive the Total
Distributable Amount, pro rata based on the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held
by each such holder (assuming conversion into Common Stock of all such shares of Series A
Preferred Stock).

(e) In the event of any merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with
another corporation (except one in which the holders of capital stock of the Corporation
immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to hold at least seventy percent
(70%) by voting power of the capital stock of the surviving corporation) or the sale of all or
substantially all the assets of the Corporation, if the holders of at least fifty percent (50%) of the
then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock so elect by giving written notice thereof to
the Corporation at least three days before the effective date of such event, then such merger,
consolidation or asset sale shall be deemed to be a liquidation of the Corporation, and all
consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation (in the case of a merger or
consolidation) or all consideration payable to the Corporation, together with all other available
assets of the Corporation (in the case of an asset sale), shall be distributed to the holders of
capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 2(a) through 2(d) above. The
Corporation shall promptly provide to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock such
information concerning the terms of such merger, consolidation or asset sale and the value of the
assets of the Corporation as may reasonably be requested by the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock in order to assist them in determining whether to make such an election. If the holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock make such an election, the Corporation shall use its best efforts to
amend the agreement or plan of merger or consolidation to adjust the rate at which the shares of
capital stock of the Corporation are converted into or exchanged for cash, new securities or other
property to give effect to such election. The amount deemed distributed to the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock upon any such merger or consolidation shall be the cash or the value of the
property, rights or securities distributed to such holders by the acquiring person, firm or other
entity. The value of such property, rights or other securities shall be determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation. If no notice of the election permitted by this Section
2(e) is given, the provisions of Section 4(i) below shall apply.

ATLANTA:4797279.6
3. Voting Rights. Each holder of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock
into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder are then convertible (as
adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 4 hereof), at each meeting of stockholders of the
Corporation (and written actions of stockholders in licu of meetings) with respect to any and ail
matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration. Except
as provided by law, by the provisions of Section 7 below or by the provisions establishing any
other series of preferred stock, holders of Series A Preferred Stock and of any other outstanding
series of preferred stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class.

4. Optional Conversion.

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without
the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series A Original Issue
Price (as defined below) by the Series A Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the
time of conversion. The “Scries A Original Issue Price” shall be $0.839 per share. The initial
“Series A Conversion Price” shall be $0.839 per share, and such initial Series A Conversion
Price and the rate at which shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of
Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided below.

In the event of a notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant
to Section 6 hereof, the conversion rights of the shares designated for redemption shal] terminate
at the close of business on the fifth full day preceding the date fixed for redemption, unless the
redemption price is not paid when due, in which case the conversion rights for such shares shall
continue until such price is paid in full. In the event of a liquidation of the Corporation, the
conversion rights shall terminate at the close of business on the first full day immediately
preceding the date fixed for the payment of any amounts distributable on liquidation to the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock.

(b) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractiona] shares to which the
holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay such holder an amount equal to
such fraction multiplied by the then effective Series A Conversion Price.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) If a holder of Series A Preferred Stock elects to convert shares of
Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to subsection (a) above, such
holder shall surrender the certificates or certificates for such shares of Series A Preferred Stock
at the principal office of the Corporation together with written notice that such holder elects to
convert all or any number of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by such
certificate or certificates. Such notice shall state such holder's name or the names of the
nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock
to be issued and the effective date of the conversion (the “Series A Conversion Date”), which
may be any date within the sixty (60)-day period following the date on which such notice is

ATLANTA :4797279.6
received by the Corporation. If required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for
conversion shal] be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer,
in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or such holder’s
attorney duly authorized in writing. The converting holder shall be deemed to be the record
holder of the resulting shares of Common Stock on the Series A Conversion Date and the
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after the Series A Conversion Date (and in any event
within fifteen (15) business days), issue and deliver at such office of such holder of Series A
Preferred Stock, or to such holder's nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled, together with payment in lieu of
any fraction of a share pursuant to Section 4(b) above.

(ii) | The Corporation shall at al] times when the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued stock,
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, such number of its
duly authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. Before taking any action which would
cause an adjustment reducing the Series A Conversion Price below the then par value of the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, take any corporate action which may,
in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Corporation may validly and legally
jssue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at such adjusted Series A
Conversion Price.

(iii) Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the Series A
Conversion Price shal] be made for any declared or accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series A
Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon conversion.

(iv) On the Series A Conversion Date, all shares of Series A Preferred
Stock which shal] have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be
deemed to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares, including the rights, if any,
to receive notices and to vote, shall immediately cease and terminate, except only the right of the
holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and payment of any
dividends declared or accrued but unpaid thereon. Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock so
converted shall be retired and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and the Corporation (without
the need for stockholder action) may from thereafter take such appropriate action as may be
necessary to reduce the authorized Series A Preferred Stock accordingly.

(v) | The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes (other
than taxes based on income) that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section
4. The Corporation shal] not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in
respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a
name other than that in which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock so converted were
registered, and no such issuance or delivery shal] be made unless and until the person or entity
requesting such issuance has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has
established, to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

ATLANTA:4797279.6
(d) Adjustment for Dilution. If at any time after the Filing Date, the
Corporation shall issue any shares of C on Stock, or shall issusany Common Stock
Equivalents (as hereinafter defined), for/a consideration per share less than the Series A
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Commén Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents, the Series A Conversion\Price of such share of Series {A Preferred Stock in
effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall be decreased to the amount determined in
accordance with the following formula:

Series A Conversion Price for such series = (Pl x O1) + (P2 x O2

Q1 + Q2
For purposes of the foregoing formula:
PI= Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance.

Ql= Number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (in accordance with
subparagraph (vi) below) immediately prior to such issuance.

P2= Average price per share received by the Corporation upon such issuance
(determined in accordance with subparagraphs (ili) and (vi) below).

Q2= Number of shares of Common Stock issued or sold, or deemed to have becn
issued or sold (in accordance with subparagraph (vi) below) upon such issuance.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock may waive the
adjustment for dilution set forth in both this Section 4(d), by a vote of the holders of fifty percent
(50%) of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.

For purpose of any adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
4(d), the following provisions shall be applicable:

(i) “Common Stock Equivalents” means any stock or security
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock and any right, warrant or
option to acquire Common Stock or any such convertible, exercisable or exchangeable security.

(ii) The per share consideration for the sale or issuance of Common
Stock shall be the price per share received by the Corporation before payment of commissions,
discounts and other expenses. The value of any non-cash consideration received or receivable
upon the sale or issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents shall be determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(iii) ‘In the case of the sale or issuance of Common Stock Equivalents,
the per share consideration shall be determined by dividing the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents into the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation upon the sale or issuance of such Common Stock
Equivalents plus the minimum aggregate amount of any additional consideration receivable by
the Corporation upon the conversion or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents. For the

ATLANTA:4797279.6
issuance of common stock upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock; (9) up to
487,100 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance to the Founders Group; and (10) stock
options and securities issued upon the exercise of any stock options which are issued pursuant to
a stock option plan approved by the Company’s Board of Directors, including a majority of the
directors elected solely by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. For purposes hereof, the
term “Founders Group” shall mean the directors, employees, consultants or advisors of TIF
Management, LLC.

(e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation shall at
any Ume or from time to time after the Filing Date effect a subdivision of the outstanding

Common Stock, the Series A Conversion Price then in effect immediately before that subdivision
shal] be proportionately decreased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after
the Filing Date effect a subdivision of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series A Conversion
Price then in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately increased. If the
Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date combine the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, the Series A Conversion Price then in effect immediately before the
combination shall be proportionately increased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time
to time after the Filing Date combine the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the
Series A Conversion Price then in effect immediately before the combination shal] be
proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this paragraph shal! become effective at the
close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(f) Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time, or from time to time after the Filing Date shal! make or issue, or fix a
record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then and in each such event the
Series A Conversion Price then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in
the event such a record date shal] have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record
date, by multiplying the Series A Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

(i) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date, and

(ii) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in
payment of such dividend or distribution;

provided, however, if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not
fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Series A
Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date
and thereafter the Series A Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of
the time of actual payment of such dividends or distributions; and provided further, however, that
no such adjustment shall be made if the holders of Series A Preferred Stock simultaneously
receive a dividend or other distribution of shares of Common Stock in a number equal to the

ATLANTA:4797279.6
number of shares of Common Stock as they would have received if all outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

(g) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date shall make or issue, or fix a
record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in securities of the Corporation other than shares of Common Stock,
then and in each such event provision shal] be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock shal] receive upon conversion thereof in addition to the number of shares of Common
Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the Corporation that they would have
received had the Serics A Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock on the date of
such event and had they thereafter, during the period from the date of such event to and including
the conversion date, retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period,
giving application to all adjustments called for during such period under this paragraph with
respect to the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock; and provided further,
however, that no such adjustment shall be made if the holders of Series A Preferred Stock
simultaneously receive a dividend or other distribution of such securities in an amount equal to
the amount of such securities as they would have received if all outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

(h) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, or Substitution. If the
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be changed
into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
or stock dividend provided for above, or a reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale of assets
provided for below), then and in each such event the holder of each such share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such share into the kind and amount of
shares of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such reorganization,
reclassification, or other change by holders of the number of shares of Common Stock into which
such shares of Series A Preferred Stock might have been converted immediately prior to such
reorganization, reclassification, or change, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

(i) Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization. In case of any consolidation or
merger of the Corporation with or into another corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation to another corporation (other than a consolidation, merger or sale
which is covered by Section 2(e) above), each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall thereafter
be convertible (or shall be converted into a security which shall be convertible) into the kind and
amount of shares of stock or other securities or property to which a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon conversion of such Series A
Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such consolidation, merger or sale; and, in such
case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) shal) be
made in the application of the provisions in this Section 4 set forth with respect to the rights and
interests thereafter of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, to the end that the provisions
set forth in this Section 4 (including provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments
of the Series A Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be,
in relation to any shares of stock or other property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of
the Series A Preferred Stock.

10
ATLANTA:4797279.6
(j) No_Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seck to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation, but will at al] times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of al] such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant
to this Section 4 against impairment.

(k) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Series A Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its
expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time (but not more
than twice in any 12 month period) of any holder of shares representing at least 5% of the
authorized number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such
holder a similar certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Series A
Conversion Price then in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount,
if any, of other property which then would be received upon the conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock.

5. Mandatory Conversion.

(a) | Upon the closing (the “Mandatory Conversion Date”) of the sale by the
Corporation of shares of Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
through a firm acceptable to the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a price per share of
Common Stock equal to at Jeast $4.20 and resulting in at least $30,000,000 of gross proceeds to
the Corporation (before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering
expenses) (a “Qualified Public Offering”) all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Series A
Conversion Price, as the case may be.

(b) All holders of record of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be given
ten (10) business days prior written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Date and the place
designated for mandatory conversion of all such shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to
this Section 5. Such notice shall be sent both by facsimile transmission (if a facsimile number
has been provided and is operational) and by first class or registered mail, postage prepaid, to
each record holder of Series A Preferred Stock at such holder’s facsimile number and address
last shown on the records of the Corporation for the Series A Preferred Stock. Upon receipt of
such notice, each holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall surrender his, her or its
certificate or certificates for all such shares to the Corporation at the place designated in such
notice, and shall thereafter receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to this Section 5. On the Mandatory Conversion Date, all
rights with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock so converted, including the rights, if any, to
receive notices and vote, will terminate, except only the rights of the holders thereof, upon

1)
ATLANTA:4797279.6
surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor, to receive certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock into which such Series A Preferred Stock has been converted. If so
required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or
accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or by such holder’s attorney duly authorized
in writing. As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Date and the surrender of the
certificate or certificates for Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation shal] cause to be issued
and delivered to such holder, or on his, her or its written order, a certificate or certificates for the
number of ful] shares of Common Stock issuable on such conversion in accordance with the
provisions hereof and cash as provided in Section 4(b) in respect of any fraction of a share of
Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion.

(c) All certificates evidencing shares of Series A Preferred Stock which are
required to be surrendered for conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof shall, from
and after the Mandatory Conversion Date, be deemed to have been retired and cancelled and the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock represented thereby converted into Common Stock for all
purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender such
certificates on or prior to such date. The Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action
(without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized Series A
Preferred Stock, as the case may be accordingly.

6. Redemption Event.

(a) The Corporation will, subject to the conditions set forth below, on
May 17, 2011 and on each of the first and second anniversaries thereof (each such date being
referred to hereinafter as a “Redemption Date”), upon receipt of written request(s) (an “Initial
Redemption Request”) for redemption not less than thirty (30) days prior to the applicable
Redemption Date, from holders of at least fifty percent (50%) of the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock (such demanding holders, the “Initial Requesting Holders’), redeem from each Requesting
Holder (as defined in Section 6(c) below), at the price per share equal to the price per share paid
to the Corporation for such shares by the initial holders thereof, which in the case of the Series A
Preferred Stock is $0.839 per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock
dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares, plus any
dividends declared or accrued but unpaid thereon (the “Redemption Price”), the following
respective portions of the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder on
the applicable Redemption Date:

Portion of Shares of Preferred

Redemption Date Stock to be Redeemed
May 17, 2011 33 1/3%

May 17, 2012 66 2/3%

May 17, 2013 100%

(b) If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of Series
A Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem all of the number of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock required under this Section 6 to be redeemed on such date, those

12
ATLANTA:4797279.6
funds which are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such
shares of Series A Preferred Stock ratably on the basis of the number of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock which would be redeemed on such date if the funds of the Corporation legally
available therefor had been sufficient to redeem al] shares of Series A Preferred Stock required to
be redeemed on such date. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation
become legally available for the redemption of Series A Preferred Stock, such funds will be
used, at the end of the next succeeding fiscal quarter, to redeem the balance of the shares which
the Corporation was theretofore obligated to redeem, ratably on the basis set forth in the
preceding sentence.

(c) The Corporation shall provide notice of its receipt of an Initial
Redemption Request, specifying the time, manner and place of redemption and the Redemption
Price (a “Redemption Notice”), by first class or registered mail, postage prepaid, to each holder
of record of Series A Preferred Stock, at the address for such holders last shown on the records
of the transfer agent therefore (or the records of the Corporation, if it serves as its own transfer
agent), not Jess than twenty (20) days prior to the applicable Redemption Date. Each holder of
record of Series A Preferred Stock may elect to become, together with each of the Initial
Requesting Holders, one of the “Requesting Holders” on such Redemption Date by so indicating
in a written notice mailed to the Corporation, by first class or registered mail, postage prepaid, at
least ten (10) days prior to the applicable Redemption Date. Except as provided in Section 6(b)
above, each Requesting Holder shall surrender to the Corporation on the applicable Redemption
Date the certificate(s) representing the shares to be redeemed on such date, in the manner and at
the place designated in the Redemption Notice. Thereupon, the Redemption Price shall be paid
to the order of each such Requesting Holder and each certificate surrendered for redemption shall
be canceled. In the case less than all Series A Preferred Stock represented by any certificate is
redeemed in any redemption pursuant to this Section 6, a new certificate wil} be issued
representing the unredeemed Series A Preferred Stock without cost to the holder thereof.

(d) | Unless there shall have been a default in payment of the applicable
Redemption Price, no share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to any dividends
declared after its Redemption Date, and on such Redemption Date all rights of the holder of such
share as a stockholder of the Corporation by reason of the ownership of such share will cease,
except the right to receive the applicable Redemption Price of such share, without interest, upon
presentation and surrender of the certificate representing such share, and such share will not from
and after such Redemption Date be dcemed to be outstanding.

7. Substantial Transactions Requiring Consent of Series A Preferred Stock. In
addition to Section 3 and any vote which any series of Preferred Stock may have under Delaware

law, so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, the Corporation shall
not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of not less than
fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock voting together as a
separate class:

(a) Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire for value (or pay into or set aside
for a sinking fund for such purposes) any shares of Preferred Stock other than in accordance with
Section 6 hereof;

ATLANTA:8797279.6
(b) Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a
sinking fund for such purposes) the Common Stock provided however that this restriction shall
not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors,
consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant
to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at cost or at
cost plus interest at a rate not to exceed nine percent (9%) per annum upon the occurrence of
certain events, such as the termination of employment, provided further, however, that the total
amount applied to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock shall not exceed $100,000 during
any twelve (12) month period;

(c) Authorize any amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws
that would adversely affect the rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock;

(d) Authorize, create, or issue securities superior to, or on a parity with the
Series A Preferred Stock;

(e) Authorize or effect any reclassification or other change of any stock, or
any recapitalization of the Corporation;

(f) Authorize any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any
other corporation or entity;

(g) Authorize or effect the sale, lease, assignment, transfer or other
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets or equity of the Corporation;

(h) Pay dividends on or make other distributions with respect to any securities
other than Series A Preferred Stock;

(i) Increase or decrease the maximum or minimum number of directors that
may constitute the Board of Directors;

(j) Amend, alter or repeal the preferences, special rights or other powers of
the Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the Series A Preferred Stock;

(k) Increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock;
(1) Incur any debt for borrowed money, except for bank loans, loans from
institutional or other third party lenders, equipment leases and similar agreements in the ordinary

and usual course of business not exceeding $50,000 in the aggregate;

(m) Make any loans to or investments in, or guaranteeing the indebtedness of
any partially owned subsidiaries, joint ventures, or partnerships; and

(n) Effect any liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization or winding up of the
affairs of the Corporation.

8. Certain Preemptive Rights. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a certain
Investors’ Rights Agreement between the Corporation and certain of its stockholders, as

14
ATLANTA:4797279.6
amended, certain holders of Series A Preferred Stock are each granted a right of first refusal to
purchase its pro rata share of any new securities (subject to certain exceptions) that the
Corporation may, from time to time, propose to issue or sell. Such right of first refusal shall
terminate and be of no further force or effect: (a) as to all such holders, upon and following the
closing of a Qualified Public Offering and (b) as to each such holder, upon and following the
date on which such holder no longer holds at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (including the shares of Common Stock upon conversion
thereof) initially purchased by such holder from the Corporation.

FIFTH: The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the
By-Laws.

SIXTH: Any action which may be taken at an annual or special meeting of the
stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and
without a vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be
signed by the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation
entitled to be voted at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon are present and voted
and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office, its principal place of
business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which
proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation’s
registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. This
Article Sixth may only be altered, amended, or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally with
respect to a resolution to amend the certificate of incorporation.

SEVENTH: The Corporation shall to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same may be amended and
supplemented, or by any successor thereto, indemnify any and all persons whom it shal! have
power to indemnify under said Section from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities or
other matters referred to in or covered by said Section. The Corporation shal] advance expenses
to the fullest extent permitted by said Section. Such right to indemnification and advancement of
expenses shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent
and shal] inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. The
indemnification and advancement of expenses provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be
entitled under any By-law, agreement, vote or stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise.

EIGHTH: To the fullest extent that the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as it exists on the date hereof or as it may hereafter be amended, permits the limitation
or elimination of the liability of directors, no person serving as a director of the Corporation shall
be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director, provided, however, that the foregoing shall not eliminate or limit the
liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its
stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentiona] misconduct
or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Neither

15
ATLANTA:4797279.6
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated

Certificate of Incorporation to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer as of the 17th day
of May, 2006.

AQUESYS, INC.

By:___/s/ Gordon T. Wyatt
Gordon T. Wyatt

Secretary/Treasurer

ATLANTA:4797279.6
