A0696653
- FILED “4{—-

in the office of the Secretary of State

5923 D 53 “> _ of fhe State of California

OCT 14 2009

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF ARAYO SOLUTIONS, INC.

Tim Albinson hereby certifies that:

A, He is the President and Sceretary of Aravo Solutions, Inc., a California corporation.

R, The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation ars amendéd and restated in their
entirety to read as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, and Exhibit A attached hereto is hereby
incorporated into this certificate by reference as if fully set forth hercin,

io The Amended and Restated Articles of Livurporation have been duly approved by the
Board of Directors.

Dz. The amendment and restittement of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the required vote of the sharcholders in accordunee with Sections 902 and 903 of the
California Corporations Code. The tots) number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect
40 the amendment and restatement is 11,031,007 shares of Common Stack, 9,166,987 sharcs of
Series A Preferred Stock, 6,607,866 shares of Series A Prime Preferred Stock, 2,869,430 shares of
Series B Preferred Stock, 10,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and 3,971,547 sharey of
Series D Preferred Stock. The nwmber of shares voting in favor of the amendment and restatement
equaled or exceeded the vote required. ‘The percentage vote required was (i) more than lilly percent
(50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock voting together as o single
chugs, (ii) anore than filly percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock voting as a
separate clasg, (iii) moce than Sfty percent (50%) of the vulslanding shares of Preferred Stock voting
together ax a separate class, (iv) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Sock voliug as a separate class, (v) more than filly percent (50%) of the outstanding shares
of Series A Prime Preferred Stock voting as o separate class, (vi) more thin filly percent (50%) of the
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock voting as a separate class, (vii) more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock voting as a separate class, and (viii)

more Than filly percent (0%) of the outstanding sharcs of Series D Preferred Stock voting as a
separate clags, .

The undersigncd further declares wonder penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of

California that the matters set forth in the foregoing certificate arc tue and correct to their own
knowledge.

Executed on October ‘14, 2009.

&

' Tim Albinson, President and Secretary

ABMECS_] DAC
AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF ARAVO SOLUTIONS, INC,

l
The name of this corporation is Arave Solutions, Inc.
II

‘The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

II]

This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of slock to be designated Common Stock
and Preferred Stock, The total number of shares of Common Stock that the corporation is authorized
to issue is 70,000,000 shares, $0.00] par value, The tota) number of shares of Preferred Stock that
the corporation is authorized to issue is 49,286,417 shares, $0.001 par value. 9,416,987 of which
shall be designated Series A Preferred Stock, 7,000,000 of which shall be designated Series A Prime
Preferred Stock, 2,869.430 of which shall be designated Series B Preferred Stock, 10,000,000 of
which shall be designated Series C Preferred Stock, and 20.000,000 of which shall be designated
Series D Preferred Stack.

Immediatly upon the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the
“Effective Time”). each outstanding share of this corporation's Series D Preferred Stock shall be
split, automatically and without further action, into one and one-third (14) shares ol Series D
Preferred Stock.

The forward split of the Series D Preferred Stock effected by the foregoing paragraph shall be
referred to herein collectively as the “Forward Split.” The Forward Split shall occur on a certificate-
by-certificate basis and without any further action on the part of this corporation or the holders of
shares of Series D Preferred Stock and whether or not certificates representing such holders’ shares
prior to the Forward Split are surrendered for cancellation. No fractional interest in a share of Series
D Preferred Stock shall be deliverable upon the Forward Split. Shareholders who otherwise would
have been entitled to receive any fractional interests in the Scrics D Preferred Stock shall, in licu of
receipt of such fractional interest, be entitled to receive from the corporation an amount in cash equal
io the fair value of such fractional interest as of the time of the Forward Split. Every share number,
dollar amount and other provision containcd in these Amended and Restated Articles of

1831804_ 1 DOC

Incorporation has been adjusted for the Forward Split, and there shall be no further adjustments
made to such share numbers, dollar amounts or other provisions, except in the case of any stock
splits, stock dividends, reclassifications and the like occurring after the Effective Time.

’

IV

The relative powers, preferences, special rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions
granted to or imposed on the respective classes of the shares of capital stock or the holders thereof
are as follows:

{, Dividends.

(a) Preference. The holders of Series A, Series A Prime. Series B, Series C and
Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled 10 receive dividends, out of any assets legally available
therefor on a pari passu basis and prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any
dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securitics and rights convertible into or
entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of
this corporation) on the Commen Stock of this corporation, at the rate of $0.05 per share per annum
for the Series A and Series A Prime Preferred Stock. at the rate of $0.0576 per share per annum for
the Series B Preferred Stock, at the rate of $0.08 per share per annum for the Series C Preferred
Stock, and at the rate of $0.12 per share per annum for the Series D Preferred Stock. No dividends
shall be paid on any shares af Common Stack unless a dividend is paid with respect to all
outstanding shares of Series A, Series A Prime, Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock in
an amount for each such share of Series A, Series A Prime, Scries B. Serics C and Series D Preferred
Stock equal to or greater than the aggregate amount of such dividends lor all shares of Common
Stock into which each such share af Series A, Series A Prime, Series B. Series C and Series D
Preferred Stock could then be converted.

(b) Dividends Noncumulative, Dividends on shares of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock under this Section } shall be payable when, as and if declared by the board of
directors of the corporation, and shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock under this Section | by reason of the fact that dividends on said
shares are not declared in any prior period.

2. Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of
the corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, distributions to the sharcholders of the corporation
shall be made in the following manner

(a) Scries D Preferred Stock Preference, ‘The holders of Serics D Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, an a pari passu basis and prior and in preference to any distribution of
any of the assets or surplus funds of the corporation to the holders of Series C, Series B, Series A and
Series A Prime Preferred Stock and Common Stock of the corporation, an amount equal to $1.50 per
share of Series D Preferred Stock plus a further amount equal to any dividends declared but unpaid
on such shares (subject to adjustment of such fixed dollar amount for any stock splits. stock
dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or the like). If upon such liquidation, dissolution or

winding up of the corporation, the assets of the corporation are insufficient to provide for the cash
payment described above to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock, such assets as are available shall
be paid to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock in proportion to the full preferential amount cach
such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Series C Preferred Stock Preference. Afler payment has been made to the
holders of Series D Preferred Stock of the full preferential amount set forth in Section 2(a) above, the
holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, on a pari passu basis and prior and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus finds of the corporation to the holders of
Series B, Series A anid Scries A Prime Preferred Stock and Common Stock of the corporation, an
amount equal to $1.00 per share of Series C Preferred Stock plus a Surther amount equal to any
dividends declared but unpaid on such shares (subject to adjustment of such fixed dollar amount for
any steck splits, stock dividends, combinations. recapitalizations or the like). If upon such
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation, the assets of the corporation are insufficient
lo provide for the cash payment described above to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, such
assets as are available shall be paid to the holders of Scries C Preferred Stock in proportion to the
full preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to reccive,

(c) Series B Preferred Stock Preference. After payment has been made to the
holders of Sertes D and Series C Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts set forth in Sections
2(a) and 2(b) above, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, on i pari
passu basis and prior und in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
corporation (o the holders of Series A and Series A Prime Preferred Stock and Common Stock of the
corporation, an amount equal to $0.72 per share of Series B Preferred Stock plus a further amount
equal to any dividends declared but unpaid on such shares (subject to adjustment of such fixed dollar
amount for any stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or the like). If upon
such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation, the assets of the corporation are
insufficient to provide for the cash payment described above to the holders of Series B Preferred
Stock, such assets as are available shall be paid to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock in
proportion to the full preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(d) Preferred Stock Preference. After payment has been made io the holders of
Serics D, Series C and Series B Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts set forth in Sections
2(a), 2(b) and 2(c) above, the holders of Series A and Series A Prime Preferred Stock shall be
entitied to reccive. on a pari passu basis and prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the
assets or surplus funds of the corporation to the holders of Common Stock of the corporation, an
amount equal to $0.60 per share of Series A and Series A Prime Preferred Stack plus a further
amount equal to any dividends declared but unpaid on such shares (subject to adjustment of such
fixed dollar amount for any stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or the like).
if upon such fiquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation, the assets of the corporation
are insufficient to provide for the cash payment described above to the holders of Series A and Serics
A Prime Preferred Stock, such assets as are available shall be paid to the holders of Series A and
Series A Prime Preferred Stock in proportion to the full preferential amount each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive.
(e) Remaining Assets, After payment has been made to the holders of Series D,
Series C, Series B, Series A and Series A Prime Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts set
forth in Sections 2(a), 2(b), 2(¢) and 2(d) above, the entire remaining assets and funds of the
corporation legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably among the holders of
Common Stock.

(f) Reorganization or Merger. A merger or reorganization of the corporation with
or into any other corporation or corporations or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
corporation, in which transaction the corporation’s shareholders immediately prior to such
transaction own immediately afier such transaction less than 50% of the equity securities of the
surviving corporation or its parent, shall be deemed to be a liquidation within the meaning of this
Section 2, :

(2) Noneash Distributions, If any of the assets of the corporation are to be
distributed other than in cash under Section 1V2(f) or for any purpose, then the board of directors of
the corporation shall promptly engage independent compctent appraisers to determine the value of
the assets to be distributed to the holders of Preferred Stock. The corporation shall. upon reccipt of
such appraiser's valuation, give prompt writien notice to each holder of shares of Preferred Stock of
ihe appraiser's valuation. Notwithstanding the above, any securities to be distributed to the
shareholders shall be valued as follows:

(i) If traded on a securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market, the
value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange, or
the last reported sale prices on the Nasdaq National Market as the case may be, over the 30-day
period ending three (3) business days prior to the closing;

(ii) If actively traded over-the-counter (other than on the Nasdaq National
Market), the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid priccs over the 30-day periad
ending three (3) business days prior to the closing; and

(ifi) If there is no active public market, the value shal] be the fair market
value thereof, as determined in good faith by the board of directors of this corporation.

3, Voting Rights. Except as otherwise required by law, the holder of each share of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of voles equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock into which cach share of Preferred Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or
written consent of shareholders and shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights
and powers of the Common Stock when voting together with the Common Stock as a single class,
which shalf include, but not be limited to, the efection of directors. The holder of each share of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the
bylaws of the corporation and upon any other matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, except
those matters required by law to be submitted to a class vole. Fractional votes shall not, however, be
permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from‘the above formula (afler aggregating all
shares of Common Stock into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be
converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half rounded upward to one).

(a) Election of Directors. At each election of directors, (i) the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock, voting as a sepurate scries, shall be entitled to elect onc (1) member of the
corporation's board of directors, (ii) the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
series, shalf be entitled to elect one (1) member of the corporation’s board of directors, (iii) the
holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to clect two (2) members of
the corporation's board of directors, and (iv) the remaining directors shall be clected by the holders
of the Preferred Stock and Common Stock. voting together as a single class. Any director who was
elected by a Specified series, class or classes of shares may be removed during his or her term of
office, without cause, by the applicable vote of the holders of the shares of the series, class or classes
of shares which initially elected such director pursuant to Section 303 of the California Corporations
Code. Such vote may be given at a special meeting of such sharcholders duly called or by an action
by written consent for that purpose. Vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by the
shareholders of the specified series, class or classes of shares cntitled to vote upon the election of any
director from which a vacancy arose.

4, Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock have conversion rights as follows
(the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Issuance Price by the
Conversion Price, determined as hereinafter provided. in effect at the lime of the conversion (the
“Conversion Rate”). The Issuance Price for the Serics D, Series C, Series B, Scrics A and Series A
Prime Preferred Stock shall be $1.50, $1.00, $0.72, $0.60 and $0.60 per share, respectively, The
Conversion Price for the Series D, Series C, Serics B, Series A and Series A Prime Preferred Stock
shall initially be $1.50. $1.00, $0.72, $0.60 and $0.60 per share, respectively. Such initial
Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate (i) immediately prior
to the closing ofa firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common
Stock for the account of the corporation to the public in which the public offering price exceeds
(prior to underwriter’s discounts or commissions and offering expenses) $5.00 per share (adjusted
for any subsequent stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or recapitalizations) and the
agercpale gross proceeds raised exceeds $50,000,000 or (ii) on the date upon which the corporation
obtains the consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding,
voling together on an as-converted basis. In the event of the automatic conversion of the Preferred
Stock upon a public offering as aforesaid, the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion of Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor.

such holder shal] surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the
corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same: provided, however, that in the
event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section [V4(b), the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and
whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the corporation or ils
transfer agent, and provided further that the corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless the
certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to the corporation or its
transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the corporation or ils transfer agent that such
certificdies have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
corporation to indemnify the corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection wilh such
certificales, The corporation shall, as soon as practicable afier such delivery, or such agreement and
indemnilication in the case of a lost certificate, issue and deliver at such office lo such holder of
Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash
amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date
of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, or in the case of automatic
conversion on the date of closing of the offering and the person or persons entitled to reccive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for atl purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(d) Fractional Shares. In lieu of any fractional shares 1o which the holder of
Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled, the corporation may pay cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the then effective fair market value or round such fractional share up to a whole share
(afler aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be
converted). Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be determined
on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock of each holder at the time converting
into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregite
conversion.

(e) Adjustment af Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of Preferred Stock
shall be subject to adjusiment from time to time as follows:

(i) If the corporation shall issue (or, pursuant to Section 1V4(¢)(i)(B)(Z)
hercof, shall be deemed to have issued) any Common Stock other than “Excluded Stock” (as defined
below) for a considcration per share less than the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock
in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Common Stock (excluding stock dividends,
subdivisions, stock splits, combinations, dividends or recapitalizations which are covered by
Sections IV4(e)(iii) LV4(e)(iv), and 1V4(é)(v)) (the “Additional Shares”), the Conversion Price for
such series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately after cach such issuance of Additional Shares
shall forthwith (except as provided in this Section 1V4(¢)) be adjusted as follows:

(A) For each series of Preferred Stock, to a price (calculated to the
nearest cent) equal to the product obtained by multiplying the Conversion Price for such seri¢s of
Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issuance of Additional Shares by a fraction,

(1) the numerator of which is equal to the sum of

{x) the total number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or exercise of, as
the case muy be, outstanding Preferred Stock, options, warrants or other convertible securities, or
decimed to be issued pursuant to Section FV4(e){i)(B)(z) immediately prior to such issuance of
Additional Shares, plus

(y) the number of shares of Common Stock that the
aggregate consideration received by this Corporation for such issuance of Additional Shares would
purchase at the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to
such issuance of Additional Shares; and

(2) the denominator of which is equal to the sum of

(x} the total number of shares of Common Stock
oulstanding (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or exercise off as
the case may be, outstanding Preferred Stock. options, warrants or other convertible securities, or
deemed (o be issued pursuant to Section [V4(e)(i)(B)(z) immediately prior to such issuance of
Additional Shares, plus

{y) the number of shares of Additional Shares issued.

(B) For the purposes of any adjustment of the Conversion Price for
any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this clause (i), the following provisions shall be applicable:

(x) In the case of the issuanee of Common Stock for cash.
the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor after deducting any
discounts or commissions paid or incurred by the corporation in connection with the issuance and
sale thereof.

(y) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed
to be the fair value thereof as reasonably determined by the board of directors of the corporation. in
accordance with generally accepted accounting treatment; provided, however, that if, ai the Ume of
such determination, the corporation's Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market or on
a national or regional securities exchange, such fair market value as determined by the board of
directors ef the corporation shall not cxceed the aggregate “Current Market Price” (as defined
below) of the shares of Common Stock being issued.

(z) In the case of the issuance of (i) options lo purchase or
rights to subscribe for Common Stock, (ii) securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable

for Common Stock, or (iii) options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or
exchangeable securili¢s:

(1) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon

exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock
shall be deemed to have been issucd at the time such options or rights were
issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the
manner provided in subdivisions (x) and (y) above). if any, received by the
corporation upon the issuance of such options or rights plus the minimum
purchase price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock
covered thereby;

(2) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon

conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or exchangeable
securities. or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent canversion or
exchange thereof, shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such

- securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and for a

(3

—

consideration equal to the consideration received by the corporation for any
such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on
account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional
minimum consideration. if any, to be received by the corporation upon the
conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related
options or righis (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in subdivisions (x) and (y) above);

on any change in the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
exercise of any such options or rights or conversion of or exchange for such
convertible or exchangeable securities, or on any change in the minimum
purchase price of such options, rights or securities, other than a change
resulting from the aniidilution provisions of such options, rights or securitics,
the Conversion Price shall forthwith be readjusted 10 such Conversion Price as
would have been obtained had the adjustment made. upon (x) the issuance of
such options, rights or securities not exercised. converled or exchanged prior
lo such change or (y) the options or rights relaled to such securities not
converted or exchanged prior to such change, as the case may be, been made
upon the basis of such change; and

(4) on the expiration of any such options or rights, the termination of any such

rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights related
lo such convertible or cachangeable securities, the Conversion Price shall
forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have been obtained
had the adjustment made upon the issuance of such options, rights. convertible
or exchangeable securities or options or rights relate to such convertible or
exchangeable securities, as the case may be, been made upon the basis of the

issuance Of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon
the cxercise of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of
such convertible or exchangeable securilies or upon the exercise of the options
or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, as the case
may be.

(it) “Excluded Stock” shall mean:

(A) all shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date
this certificate is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of California;

(B) all shares of Common Stock into which shares of Series D.
Series C, Series B, Series A and Series A Prime Preferred Stock are convertible;

(C) all shares of Common Stock, warrants or options to purchase
Cammon Stock or other securities issued, upon spproval of the board of directors, (j) to employees, |
officers, directors, scientific advisors and consultants of the corporation or (ii) licensors or corporate
partners of the corporation;

(D) all securities issued to lending or leasing institutions upon the
approval of the board of directors of the corporation; and

(E) all shares of Common Stock, warrants or options to purchase
Common Stock or other securitics issued, upon the approval of the board of directors of the
corporation, in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar transactions.

All outstanding shares of Excluded Stock (including shares issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock) shall be deemed to be outstanding for all purposes of the computations of
Section !V4(c)(i) above.

(iii) Ifthe number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any me afler
the date hereof is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or by a
subdivision or split-up of shares of Common Stock, then, on the date such payment is made or such
change is effective, the Conversion Price af Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock shall
be increased in praportion to such increase of outstanding shares.

(iv) Ifthe number of shares af Common Stock outstanding at any time after
the date hereof is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, on
the effective date of such combination, the Conversion Price of Preferred Stock shall be
appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any
shares of Preferred Stock shail be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares,

(vy) In case, at any time after the date hereof, of any capital reorganization,
or any reclassification of the stock of the corporation (other than as a result of a stock dividend or
subdivision, split-up or combiaation of shares). or the consolidation or merger of the corporation
with or into another person (other than a consolidation or merger in which the corporation is the
continuing entity and which docs not result in any change in the Common Stock or a consolidation or
merger where Section 2 applies), the shares of Preferred Stock shall, after such reorganization,
reclassification. consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition, be convertible into the kind and
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the corporation or otherwise to which
such holder would have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification.
consolidation, merger. sale or other disposition such holder had converted its shares of Preferred
Stock into Common Stock. The provisions of this clause (v) shall similarly apply to successive
reorganizations, reclassifications, consolidations, mergers, sales or other dispositions.

(vi) All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made to the nearest cent
or to the nearest one hundredth (1/100) of a share, as the case may be.

(vii) For the purpose of any computation pursuant lo this Section 1V4(e),
the “Current Market Price” at any date of one share of Common Stock, shall be decmed to be the
average of the highest reported bid and the lowest reported offer prices on the preceding business day
as furnished by the National Quotation Bureau, Incorporated (or equivalent recognized source of
quotations); provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not traded in such manner that the
quotations referred to in this clause (vii) are available for the period required hereunder, Current
Market Price shall be determined in good faith by the board of directors of the corporation.

(0 Minimal Adjustments. No adjustment in the Conversion Price for any serics
of Preferred Stock need be made if such adjustment would result in a change in the Conversion Price
of less than $0.01. Any adjustinent of less than $0.01 which is not made shall be carried forward and
shall be made at the time of and together with any subsequent adjustment which, on a cumulative
basis, amounts to an adjustment of $0.01 or more in the Conversion Price.

(g) No_bmpairment. The corporation will not through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seck to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
to be observed or performed hereunder by the corporation, but will at aJl times in good faith assist in
the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be
necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock
against impairment. This provision shall not restrict the corporation's right to amend its Articles of
Incorporation with the requisite shareholder consent.

(h)  Certificate_as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Rate for any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the
corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance
with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such series of Preferred Stock @
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which
such adjustment or readjustment is based. The corporation shall. upon written request at any time of
any holder of any series of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth (i) all such adjustments and readjustments, (ij) the Conversion Rate at the
time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Comimen Stock and the amount. if any, of other

property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of such holder's shares of
Preferred Stock. ,

(i) Notices of Record Date and Proposed Liquidation Distribution. In the event
of any taking by the corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of

determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend)
or other distribution, any right 1o subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of
any class or any other securities or property or to receive any other right, the corporation shal] mail to
each holder of Preferred Stock at least twenty (20) days prior to such record date, a notice specifying
the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution or
right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right. In the event of a
liquidation distribution pursuant to Section 2 hereof, the corporation shall mail to each holder of
Preferred Stock at Ieast twenty (20) days prior to the date of such distribution a notice (i) certifying
as to (x) the anticipated aggregate proceeds available for distribution to holders of Preterred Stock
and Common Stock, (y) the amount expected to be distributed pursuant to Section 2 in respect of
each share of each outstanding series of Preferred Stock and each share of Common Stock and
(z) the amount expected to be distributed pursuant to Section 2 in respect of each share of each
outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holder of each such shure of Preferred Stock converted
such share of Preferred Stock into Common Stock immediately prior to the liquidation distribution
and (ii) stating that in connection with such liquidation distribution the holders of shares of each
series of Preferred Stock may prior to such liquidation distribution convert their shares of such series
of Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the applicable Conversion Rate for such series.

Gj) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to be given to
the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock shall be deemed given upon personal delivery. upon
delivery by nationally recognized courier or three (3) business days after deposit in the United States
mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to cach holder of record at such holder's address appearing on
the corporation's books,

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. ‘The corporation shall at alt
times reserve and kecp available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock such number of ils shares
of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock shal] not be sufficient to effect the conversion of aj] then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, the corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel,
be necessary lo increase its authorized but unissued shares of Comman Stock to such number of
shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(!) Reissuance of Converted Shares. No shares of Preferred Stock which have
been converted into Common Stock after the original issuance thereof shall ever again be reissued
and all such shares so converted shall upon such conversion cease to be a part of the authorized
shares of the corporation,

5. Protective Provisions. In addition to any other rights provided by law, so long as al
least 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock shall be outstanding (adjusted for any subsequent stock
splits, combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications or recapitatizations), this corporation shall
not, Without first obtaining the affirmative vole or written consent of the holders of not less than a
majority of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:

(a) adversely alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred
Stock;

(b) create (by umendment of the Articles of Incorporation, reclassification,
certificate of designation or otherwise) any new class or series of shares having rights, preferences or
privileges senior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock;

(c) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock;

(d) consummate a merger, corporate reorganization, or any transaction in which
all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation are sold, or in which transaction the
corporation’s shareholders immediately prior to such transaction own immediately after such
transaction less than 50% of the equity securities ol the surviving corporation or its parent,

(e) reclassify or recapitalize the capital stock of the corporation;
re) voluntarily dissolve or liquidate the corporation;

(g) amend or waive any provision of the corporation’s Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws;

(h) increase or decrease the authorized size of the corporation's board of directors,

(i) declare or pay any dividend or distribution to the holders of Common Stock:
or

(j) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a sinking
fund for such purpose) any shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall
not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, advisors,
consultants or other persons performing services for the corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to
ayreements under which the corporation has the option to repurchase such shares itt cost upon the
occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment.

6. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the corporation nol
expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested with the Common Stock.

v

}. Limitation of Directors’ Liability, The liability of the directors of this corporation for
monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California faw.

2, Indemnification of Corporate Apents. This corporation is authorized to indemnify the
directors and officers of the corporation to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

3. Repeal or Modification. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of
this Article V by the shareholders of the corporation shal} not adversely affect any right or protection
ofa director of the corporation existing al the time of such repeal or modification.

