80580495
22.2 5°63 nro LED ,

Of the Se ol Calforig
AMENDED AND RESTATED MAY 01 alll
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION BB
OF ARAVO SOLUTIONS, INC. BiLL JONES, Of Stale
Tim Albinson hereby certifies that:
A. He is the President and Secretary, of Aravo Solutions, Inc., a California corporation.
B. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation are amended and restated in their

entirety to read as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto.

C. The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been duly approved by the
Board of Directors.

D. The amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the required vote of the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the
California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect
to the amendment and restatement is 7,973,791 shares of Common Stock and 3,575,334 of Series A
Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment and restatement equaled or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was a majority of the outstanding shares of
Commoi Stock and a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

The undersigned further declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in the foregoing certificate are true and correct to their own
knowledge.

Executed on ty 7 , 2002.

ef
‘ s

——/
Tim Albinson, President/ Secretary

CADOCUME- \TIMALB~ILOCALS~\Tomp\PALIB2_2151236_1.DOC

EXHIBIT A

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF ARAVO SOLUTIONS, INC.

I

The name of this corporation is Aravo Solutions, Inc.

i

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code,

lil

This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated Common Stock
and Preferred Stock. The total number of shares of Common Stock that the corporation is authorized
to issue is 20,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that
the corporation is authorized to issue is 7,742,001 shares, $0.001 par value, all of which shall be
designated Series A Preferred Stock.

IV

The relative powers, preferences, special rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions
gianted to or imposed on the respective classes of the shares of capital stock or the holders thereof
ate as follows:

I. Dividends.

(a) Preference. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any
declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and
rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional
shares of Common Stock of this corporation) on the Cormmon Stock of this corporation, at the rate of

CATEMPPALIB2_2151230_1.DOC
$0.05 per share per annum for the Series A Preferred Stock or, if greater (as determined on a per
annum basis and on an as converted basis for the Preferred Stock), an amount equal to that paid on
any other outstanding shares of this corporation. No dividends shall be paid on any shares of
Common Stock unless a dividend (including the amount of any dividend paid pursuant to the above
provision) is paid with respect to all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount for
each such share of Series A'Preferred Stock equai to or greater than the aggregate amount of such
dividends for all shares of Common Stock into which each such share of Series A Preferred Stock
could then be converted.

(b) Dividends Noncumulative. Dividends on shares of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock under this Section | shall be payable when, as and if declared by the board of
directors of the corporation, and shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock under this Section 1 by reason of the fact that dividends on said
shares are not declared in any prior period,

2. Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of
the corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, distributions to the shareholders of the corporation
shall be made in the following manner:

(a) Preferred Stock Preference. The holders of Series A referred Stock shall.be . —
entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus furids of
the corporation to the holders of Common Stock of the corporation, an amount equal-to $0.60. pet
share of Series A Preferred Stock plus a further amount equal to any dividends declared ‘but unpaid
on such shares (subject to adjustment of such fixed dollar amount for any stock. splits, stock
dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or the like) (the “Series A Preference"). If upon such
liquidation, dissotution or winding up of the corporation, the assets o* the corporation are insufficient
to provide for the cash payment described above to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, such
assets as are available shall be paid to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the
full preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receiv,

(b) Remaining Assets, After payment or setting apart of payment of the Series A
Preference, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the
corporation pro rata based upon the number of shares of Common Stock held.

(c) Reorganization or Merger. A merger or reorganization of the corporation with
or into any other corporation or corporations or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
corporation, in which transaction the corporation’s shareholders immediately prior to such
transaction own immediately after such transaction less than 50% cf the equity securities of the
surviving corpo,ation or its parent, shall be deemed to be a liquidation within the meaning of this

Section 2,

(4) Noncash Distributions. If any of the assets of the corporation are to be
distributed other than in cash under Section IV2(c) or for any purpose, then the board of directors of
the corporation shall promptly engage independent competent appraisers to determine the value of
the assets to be distributed to the holders of Preferred Stock. The corporation shall, upon receipt of

CATEMPAPALIB2_2151230_1. DOC 2
such appraiser’s valuation, give prompt written notice to each holder of shares of Preferred Stock of
the appraiser’s valuation. Notwithstanding the above, any securities to be distributed to the
stockholders shall be valued as follows:

. (i) If traded on a securities exchange or the Nasday National Market, the
value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange, or
the last reported sale prices on the Nasdaq National Market as the case may be, over the 30-day
period ending three (3) business days prior to the closing;

(ii) If actively traded over-the-counter (other than on the Nasdaq National
Market), the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period
ending three (3) business days prior to the closing; and

(iti) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market
value thereof, as determined in good faith by the board of directors of this corporation.

3. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise required by law, the holder of s¢--h st te of
‘Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares 0: © wmmon
Stock into which each share of Preferred Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or
written consent.of shareholders and shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights:
and powers of the Common Stock when voting together with the Common: Stock as a single class,
which shall include, but not-be limited to, the election of directors. -The holder of each share of
Preferred Stock shail be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with -the
bylaws of the corporation and upon any other matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, except -
those matters required by law to be submitted to a class vote. Fractional votes shall not, however, be
‘permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all
shares of Common Stock into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be
converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half rounded upward to one).

(a) Election of Directors. At each election of directors, the directors shall be
elected by the holders of the Prefered Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a single class.
Such vote may be given at a special meeting of such shareholders duly called or by an action by
written consent for that purpose. Vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by a majority of
the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, except that a vacancy created by the removal of a
director by court order may be filled by only the vote of the outstanding shares entitled to vote
thereon represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present, or by an action by written
consent for that purpose. Each director so elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting of
shareholders or until a successor has been elected and qualified. The shareholders of the specified
series or class entitled wo vote upon the election of any director from which a vacancy arose may elect
a director at any time to fill such vacancy not filled by the directors,

4, Convetsion. The holders of the Preferred Stock have conversion rights as follows
{the “Conversion Rijthts”):

CATEMPAPAL{B2_2151230_1.DOC 3

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Issuance Price by the
Conversion Price, determined as hereinafter provided, in effect at the time of the conversion (the
“Conversion Rate”). The Issuance Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be $0.60 per share.
The Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall initially be $0.60 per share. Such initial
Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate (i) immediately prior
to the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common
Stock for the account of the corporation to the public in which the public offering price exceeds
(prior to underwriter’s discounts or commissions and offering expenses) $2.40 per share (adjusted
for any subsequent stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or recapitalizations) and the
aggregate gross proceeds raised exceeds $10,000,000 or (ii) on the date upon which the corporation
obtains the consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding,
voting as a class. In the event of the automatic conversion of the Preferred Stock upon a public
' offering as aforesaid, ‘the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such’
conversion of Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until
immediately prior to the closing of such sale of. securities. " 7

(c) ~ Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder uf Preferred Stock shali be-
entitled to convert the same into full shares‘ of Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor,
such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the
corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same; provided, however, that in the
event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section IV4(b}, the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock shail be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and
whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the corporation or its
transfer agent, and provided further that the corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless the
certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to the corporation or its
transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the corporation or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement Satisfactory to the
corporation to indemnify the corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. The corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or such agreement and
indemnification in the case of a lost certificate, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of
Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash
amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date
of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, or in the case of automatic
conversion on the date of closing of the offering and the person or persons entitled to receive the

CATEMP\PALIB2_2151230_t. DOC 4

shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(d) Fractional Shares. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder of
Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled, the corporation may pay cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the then effective fair market value or round such fractional share up to a whole share
(after aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be
converted), Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be determined
on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock of each holder at the time converting
into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate
conversion.

(e) Adjustment of Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of Preferred Stock
shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) If the corporation shall issue (or, pursuant to Section TIV4(e)(i)(C)(z)
hereof, shall be deemed to have issued) any Common Stock other than “Excluded Stock” (as defined
below) for a consideration per share less than the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock
in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Common Stock (excluding stock dividends,
subdivisions, stock splits, combinations, dividends .or recapitalizations. which .are .covered by
Sections [V4(e)(iii) [V4(e)(iv), and IV4(e)(v)) (the “Additional Shares”), the Conversion Price for
such series of Preferred Stock in effect diinmediately aiter each such issuance of Additional Shares
shall forthwith (except as provided in this Section IV4(e)) be adjusted to a price ‘(calculated to the
nearest cent) equal to the product obtained by multiplying the Conversion. Price for such series of
Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to.such issuance of Additional Shares by.a fraction, ..

(A) the numerator of which is equal to the sum of

(x) the total number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or exercise of, as
the case may be, outstanding Preferred Stock, options, warrants or other convertible securities, or
deemed to be issued pursuant to Section IV4(e)(i)(C)(z)) immediately pricr to such issuance of
Additional Shares, plus :

(y) the number of shares of Common Stock that the
aggregate consideration received by this Corporation for such issuance of Additional Shares would
purchase at the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to
such issuance of Additional Shares; and .

(B) the denominator of which is equal to the sum of
(x) the total number of shares of Common Stock

outstanding (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or exercise of, as
the case may be, outstanding Preferred Stock, options, warrants or other convertible securities, or

CATEMP\PALIB2_2151230_1.DOC 5

deemed to be issued pursuant to Section IV4(e)(i)(C)(z)) immediately prior to such issuance of
Additional Shares, plus ‘

(y) the number of shares of Additional Shares issued.

(C) For the purposes of any adjustment of the Conversion Price for
any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this clause (i), the following provisions shall be applicable:

(x) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash,
the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor after deducting any
discounts or commissions paid or incurred by the corporation in connection with the issuance and
sale thereof,

(y) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed
to be the fair value thereof as reasonably determined by the board of directors of the corporation, in
accordance with generally accepted accounting treatment: provided, however, that if, at the time of
such determination, the corporation’s Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market or on
a national or regional securities exchange, such fair market value as determined by the board of
‘directors of the corporation shall not, exceed the aggregate “Current Market. Price” (as defined -
below) of the shares of Comimon Stock being issued,

- (2) : ‘In the case of the issuance of (i) options to purchase or
rights to subscribe for Common Stock, (ii) securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock, or .(iii) options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or
exchangeable securities: mo

(1) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock
shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were
issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the
manner provided in subdivisions (x) and (y) above), if any, received by the
corporation upon the issuance of such options or rights plus the minimum
purchase price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock
covered thereby;

(2) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or exchangeable
securities, or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
such convertible or exchangeable securities and’ subsequent conversion or
exchange thereof, shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such
securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and for a
consideration equal to the consideration received by the corporation for any
such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on
account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional

CATEMPPALIB2_2151230_1.DOC 6
minimum consideration, if any, to be received by the corporation upon the
conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related
options or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in subdivisions (x) and (y) above);

(3

Nee

on any change in the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
exercise of any such options or rights or conversion of or exchange for such
convertible or exchangeable securities, or on any change in the minimum
purchase price of such options, rights or securities, other than a change
resulting from the antidilution provisions of such options, rights os securities,
the Cor. ersion Price shall forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as
would have obtained had the adjustment made upon (x) the issuance of such
options, rights or securities not exercised, converted or exchanged prior to
such change or (y) ihe options or rights related to such securities not converted
. or exchanged prior to such change, as the case may be, been made upon the
basis of such change; and

(4) on the expiration of any such options or rights, the termination of any such
rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights related
to such ‘convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price shall
forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained had
the adjustment made upon the issuance of such options, rights, convertible or
exchangeable securitiés or options or rights relate to such convertible or
exchangeable secuiities, as the case may be, been made upon the basis of the -
issuance of only thé number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon
the exercise of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of
such convertible or exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of the options
or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, as the case
may be,

(ii) “Excluded Stock” shall mean:

(A) all shares of Cornmon Stock issued and outstanding on the date
this certificate is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of California;

(B) all shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock
into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible;

(C) all shares of Common Stock, warrants or options to purchase
Common Stock or other securities issued, upon approval of the board of directors, (i) to employees,
officers, directors, scientific advisors and consultants of the corporation or (ii)licensors or corporate
partners of the corporation;

(D) all securities issued to lending or leasing institutions upon the
approval of the board of directors of the corporation: and

CATEMP\PALIB2_2151230_1 DOC 7
(B) all shares of Comrnon Stock, warrants or options to purchase
Common Stock or other securities issued, upon the approval of the board of directors of the
corporation, in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar transactions.

Ali outstanding shares of Exch.ded Stock (including shares issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock) shall be deemed to be outstanding for all purposes of the computations of
Section 1V4(e)(i) above.

(iii) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after
the date hereof is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or by a
subdivision or split-up of shares of Common Stock, then, on the date such payment is made or such
change is effective, the Conversion Price of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock shall
be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares.

(iv) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after
the date hereof is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, on
the effective date of such combination, the Conversion Price of Preferred Stock shall be
appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any
shares -of Preferied Stock: shall be decreased in proportion .to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(v) In case, at any time after the date hereof, of ahy capital reorganization,
or any reclassification of the stock of the corporation (other than as a result of a stock dividend or
subdivision, split-up or. combination of shares), of the consolidation or merger of the corporation
with or into another person (other than a consolidation or merger in which the corporation is the
continuing entity and which does not result in any change in the Common Stock or a consolidation or
merger where Section 2 applies), the shares of Preferred Stock shall, after such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition, be convertible into the kind and
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the corporation or otherwise to which
such holder would have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition such holder had converted its shares of Preferred
Stock into Common Stock. The provisions of this clause (vi) shall similarly apply to successive
reorganizations, reclassifications, consolidations, mergers, sales or other dispositions.

(vi) All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made to the nearest cent
or to the nearest one hundredth (1/ 100) of a share, as the case may be.

(vii) For the purpose of any computation pursuant to this Section IV4(e),
the “Current Market Price” at any date of one share of Common Stock, shall be deemed to be the
average of the highest reported bid and the lowest reported offer prices on the preceding business day
as furnished by the National Quotation Bureau, Incorporated (or equivalent recognized source of
quotations); provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not traded in such manner that the
quotations referred to in this clause (viii) are available for the period required hereunder, Current
Market Price shall be determined in good faith by the board of directors of the corporation,

CATEMP\PALIB2_2151230_1.DOC 8
(f) Minimal Adjustments, No adjustment in the Conversion Price for any series
of Preferred Stock need be made if such adjustment would result in a change in the Conversion Price
of less than $0.01. Any adjustment of less than $0.01 which is not made shall be carried forward and
shall be made at the time of and together with any subsequent adjustment which, on a cumulative
basis, amounts to an adjustment of $0.01 or more in the Conversion Price.

(g) No Impairment. The corporation will not through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
to be observed or performed hereunder by the corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in
the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be
necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock
against impairment. This provision shall not restrict the corporation’s right to amend its Articles of
Incorporation with the requisite Shareholder consent.

(h) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Rate for any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section A, the
corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance
‘with the terms hereof and prepare and ‘furnish to each holder of such series of Preferred Stock a
ceitificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which
such adjustment or readjustment-is based. The corporation shall, upon written request at any time of
' any holder of-any series of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
‘cettificate setting forth (i) all such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Rate at the
time in effect; and (iii) the number of shares ‘of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other .
property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of such holder's shares of
Preferred Stock. ,

(i) Notices of Record Date and Proposed Liquidation Distribution. In the event
of any taking by the corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of
determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend)
or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of
any Class or any other securities or property or to receive any other right, the corporation shall mail to
each holder of Preferred Stock at least twenty (20) days prior to such record date, a notice specifying
the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution or
right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right. In the event of a
liquidation distribution pursuant to Section 2 hereof, the corporation shall mail to each holder of
Preferred Stock at least twenty (20) days prior to the date of such distribution a notice (i) certifying
as to (x) the anticipated aggregate proceeds available for distribution to holders of Preferred Stock
and Common Stock, (y) the amount expected to be distributed pursuant to Section 2 in respect of
each share of each outstanding series of Preferred Stock and each share of Common Stock and
(z) the amount expected to be distributed pursuant to Section 2 in respect of each share of each
outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holder of each such share of Preferred Stock converted
such share of Preferred Stock into Common Stock immediately prior to the liquidation distribution
and (ii) stating that in connection with such liquidation distribution the holders of shares of each

CATEMPPALIB2_2151230_1.DOC 9

series of Preferred Stock may prior to such liquidation distribution convert their shares of such series
of Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the applicable Conversion Rate for such series,

(i) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to be given to
the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock shali be deemed given upon personal delivery, upon
delivery by nationally recognized courier or three business days after deposit in the United States
mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s address appearing on
the corporation’s books,

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock such number of its shares
of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, the corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel,
be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of
shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(1) Reissuance of Converted Shares. No shares of Preferred Stock which have
been converted into Common Stock after the original issuance thereof.shall ever again be reissued
and all such shares so converted shall upon such conversion cease to be a part of the authorized
shares. of the corporation. ;

5. Protective Provisions. In addition to.any other rights provided by law, so long as at
least 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock shall be outstanding (adjusted for any subs. quent stock
splits, combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications or recapitalizations), this corporation shall
not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of not less than a
majority of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:

(a) adversely alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred

Stock;

(b) create (by amendment of the Articles of Incorporation, reclassification,
certificate of designation or otherwise) any new class or series of shares having rights, preferences or
privileges senior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock; or

(c) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock;

(d) consummate a merger, corporate reorganization, or any transaction in which
all‘or substantially all of the assets of the corporation are sold, or in which transaction the
corporation’s Shareholders immediately prior to such transaction own immediately after such
transaction less than 50% of the equity securities of the surviving corporation or its parent;

(e) reclassify or recapitalize the capital stock of the corporation; or

CATEMP\PALIB2_2151230_1.DOC 10
(f) voluntarily dissolve or liquidate the corporation.

6. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the corporation not
expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested with the Common Stock.

Vv

I. Limitation of Directors’ Liability. The liability of the directors of this corporation for
monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

2. Indemnification of Corporate Agents. This corporation is authorized to indemnify the
directors and officers of the corporation to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

3. Repeal or Modification. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of
this Article V by the shareholders of the corporation shali not adversely affect any right or protection
of a director of the corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

CATEMPAPALIB2_2151230_§.DOC Il

