A064L68h

ie office of the Secretary of Sta.

CERTIFICATE OF DETERMINATION OF of the State of Calfornis
PREFERENCES OF MAY 49 onne
5% SERIES F CONVERTIBLE L 2 2095

ARBOR VITA CORPORATION
A California Corporation

The undersigned, Peter S. Lu and Thomas D. Recine, do hereby certify that:

A. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
ARBOR VITA CORPORATION, a Califormia corporation (the “Corporation’).

B. Pursuant to authority given by the Corporation’s Second Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation (the “Articles’), the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the
“Board’) has duly adopted the following recitals and resolutions:

WHEREAS, the Articles provide for a class of shares known as preferred stock, issuable
from time to time in one or more series; and

WHEREAS, the Board is authorized to determine or alter the nghts, preferences,
privileges, and restrictions relating to any wholly unissued series of said preferred stock and the
number ef shares constituting and the designation of said series; and

WHEREAS, the Corporation has authorized Fitly Million (59,000,000) shares of
common stock (the “Common Stock’) and Thirty Million (30,000,000) shares of preferred stock,
and

WHEREAS, the Corporation has previously designated One Million Nine Hundred
Thirty-Nine Thousand One Hundred Thirty-One (1.939,131) shares of its preferred stock as 5%
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock’), pursuant to the Articles:
and

WHEREAS, the Corporation has previously designated One Million Two Hundred
Nineiven Thousand Fifty-Stx (1,219,056) shares of its’ preferred stock as 5% Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred Stock’), pursuant to the Articles, and

WHEREAS, the Corporation. has previously designated Four Million (4,000,000) shares
of its preferred stock as 9% Serics C Cumulative Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the
“Series C Preferred Stock”), pursuant to the Articles; and

WHEREAS, the Corporation has previously designated Six Hundred Ninety ‘Hhousand
(690,000) shares as 5% Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series D-1 Preferred
Stock’), pursuant to the Articles; and

WHEREAS, the Corporation has previously designated One Millon One Thundred
Iavhiv- Pwo Thousand (1.182.000) shares of its preferred stock as S%y Series D-2 Convertible
Preferred Stock (the “Series D-2 Preferred Stock’) pursuant to the Articles; and
WHEREAS, the Corporation has previously desiznated One Million Five Thousand
(1,005,000) shares of tts preferred stuck as S%a Series D-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (the
“Series D-3 Preferred Stock”) pursuant to the Articles;

WHEREAS, the Corporation has previously designated One Million (1,000,000) shares
of its preferred stock as 5% Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series E Preferred
Stock’) pursuant to the Articles,

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that it is desirable and in the best interests of the
Corporation to designate One Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand (1,750,000) shares of the
Corperation’s authorized but unissued preferred stock as 5% Series F Convertible Preferred
Stock such series to have the nzhts, preferences and privileges as set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board hereby designates, fixes
number of shares constituting, and determines the rights, preferences, privileves and restnictions
relating to a series of the Corporation’s preferred stock as follows:

1. Desiznation. The eighth series of the Corporation’s preferred stock shall
be designated 3% Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series F Preferred Stock”). The
number of shares constituting the Series F Preferred Stock shall be 1,750,000. The “Series F
Sales Price” of the Series F Preferred Stock ts $1.990525 per share (as adjusted for any stock
split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (inciuding any dividend or distribuuen of securities
convertible into Series F Preferred Stock), reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
exchanye or other like change with respect to the Series F Preferred Steck occurritig on or ater
the date the shares of Series F Preferred Stock zre originally issued). The relative rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to er imposed upon the Series F Preferred Stock
or the holders thereof are specified below.

2. Ranking. The Series F Preferred Stock shall, with respect to dividends and
disthibutions upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, rank (1) Junior to the Series C Preferred Stock and any other series of capital stock
desiznated by the Board as ranking senior .2 the Series F Preferred Stock and the Serius F Panty
Stock (as defined below) with respect to dividends and distributions upen voluntary or
involuntary hquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the rights, preferences,
privileges. restricuions, number and desination of which are fixed in a resolution adopted by the
Board as set forth in one or more certificates of determination, if so stated in such resolution, or
mo any amendments to, or amendments and restatements of, the Corporation's Articles
(collectively, the “Series F Senier Stock’), (ii) equal to and in parity with the Series A Preferred
Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Senes D-1 Preferred Stock, the Series D-2 Preferred
Stock, the Series D-3 Preferred Stock, the Series E Preferred Stock and any other series of capital
stock desiunated by the Board as ranking equal to and in parity with the Series F Preferred Stock
with respeet to dividends and distributions upon voluntary or inveluntary liquidation, dissolution
op winding up of the Corporation, the rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions, number and
designation of which are fixed ina resolution adopted by the Board as set forth in ene or more
cerlificates, of determination, af so stated ins such resolution, or in any amendments to, or
amendments and restatements of, the Corporation's Articles (collectively, the “Series F Parity
Stockh”), and Gu) senor to the Corporation's Common Stock and any other series of the
Corporation's capital stock designated by the Board as ranking junior to the Series F Preferred
Stock and Senes F Parity Stock with respect to dividends and distributions upon voluntary or
inveluntary Higuidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the rights, preferences,
privileges. restrictions, number and desiynation of which are fixed in a resolution adopted by the
Bourd as set forth in one or more certificates of determination, if so stated in such resolution, or
in any amendments to, or amendments and restatements of, the Corporation’s Articles
(collectiy ely. the “Series F Junior Stuck’).

3 Dividend Rights. No dividend may be paid on or declared or set apart for
any shares of Series F Preferred Stock or Serics F Parity Stock until the prior payment in full of
all accrued and unpaid dividends on any shares of Series F Senior Stock, and no dividend may be
patd on or declared or set apart for any shares of Serics F Junior Stock in any one fiscal year
unless a dividend at the rate of five percent (3.0%) per annum of the Series F Sales Price is paid
on, or declared and sev apart for. cach share of Series F Preferred Stock and a dividend is paid on,
or declared and set apart for, each share of Series F Parity Stock. if'any, at the annual dividend
rate applicable to such Series F Parity Stock. The amount of dividend shall be prerated for
shares of Series F Preferred Stock and Series F Parity Stock, if any, that are not issued and
outstanding for an entire fiscal year. The dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock and Series F
Parity Stock, if any. shall be paid out of any assets legally available therefor, when, as, and if
declared by the Board Dividends on the Series F_Preferred Stock and Series F Parity Stock shall
not be cumukiive and no rights shall accrue to the holders of the Series F_Preferred Stock or
Series F Parity Stock tn the event that the Corporation fails to declare or pay dividends on the
Series F_Preferred Stock at the rate of five percent (5.0%) per annum of the Series F_Sales Price
or, in the cuse of Series F Parity Stock, the annual dividend rate per share applicable to such
shares of Series F Parity Stock, as the case may be, or in any amount in any prior year of the
Corporation, whether or not the carnings of the Corporation in that previous fiscal year were
sufficient to pay such dividends in whole or in part. In the event that the Board declares
dividends tna fiscal year in an amount less than the aggregate of all the dividend preferences of
the Series F_Preterred Stock and Series F Parity Stock, if any, then the entire amount of
dividends declared by the Board shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series F
Preferred Stock and Series F Parity Stock such that the same percentage of the annual dividend
to which each series of Preferred Stack is entitled is paid on each share of Series F-_Preferred
Stock and Series F Parity Stock

4 Liquidation Preference.
AP Liquidation. In the event of any voluntary. or Involuntary

liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall be made on the
shares of Series F Preterred Stock and Series F Parity Stock without first making distributions in
respect of liquidation in full on the shares of Series F Senior Stock, if any, and no distribution
shan be made on the share of Series F Junior Stock without first making distributions on the
shares of Series F Preferred Stock and Series F Parity Stock, if ary, equal to the amount of the
Series F Sales Pree per share for each share of Series F Preferred Stock plus declared but unpaid
dividends and the applicable liquidation preference for each share of Series F Parity Stock, in
each case as adjusted for any stock split, reverse stock split. stock dividend (including any
dividend or distubution of securities convertible into Series F Preferred Stock or Series F Parity
Stock. as the case may be) reorganization, recapitalization, rechiysttication, exchange or other

like change with respect to the Scries F Preferred Stock or Series F Parity Stock, as the case may
he, occurring on or after the date the shares of Series F Preferred Stock or Series F Parity Stock.
as applicable, are originally issued. After such payment to the holders of the Series F Preferred
Stock and Series F Parity Stock, if any, the remaining proceeds, if any, shall be distributed to
holders of Senes F Junior Stock, 1fany, other than Common Stock, and then allocated among the
holders of the Common Stock tn proportion to the numbers of shares held by such holders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any holder of a future class or series of the Corporation’s
capital stock ts permitted to participate with Series F Junior Stock in the distribution of any
assets remaining after the holders of such class or series of capital stock (of each series then
outstanding) have been pard their liquidation preference, if any. then the holders of the Series F
Preferred Stock shall also be permitted to participate in such distribution in proportion to the
number of shares of Common Stock, determined on an as-conveited basis, held‘by such holders.

If upon occurrence of such event the assets and property thus distributed amony the holders of

the Series F Preferred Stock and the Series F Parity Stock, if any,:is insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full preferential amount, then the entire assets and property of the

Corporation legally available for distribution shall, subject to the prior payment in full of

distributions in respect of liquidation on shares of Serics F Senior Stock, be distributed ratably
amony the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock and the Series F Parity Stock, such that the
same percentage of the following amounts is paid on cach share of Series F Preferred Stock and
Series F Parity Stock: the sum of the Series F Sales Price and declared but unpaid dividends on
Series F Preferred Stock and the applicable Iquidation preference of and. declared and unpaid
dividends on the Series F Parity Stock. A Merger or Asset Sale (each as defined herein) shall be
deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up within the meaning of this Certificate.

bh. Consent to Certain Distibutions. Each holder of an outstanding
share of Series F Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for purposes of Sections
502 and $03 of the California Corporations Code, to distributions made by the Corporation in
connection with the repurchase of shares of Comimon Stock issued to or held by employees,
consultants, independent contractors, vendors, strategic partners or customers upon termination
of their services or failure to fulfill certain conditions pursuant lo ayreements providing for the
right of said repurchase between the Corporation and such persons at the same price per share
such persons patd therefor.

5. Conversiun Privilege
A Right to Convert.
(1) Conversion Right. Any holder of Senes F Preferred Stock
may at the option of such holder convert, at any ime and from time to time, at the Corporation's

executive offices, all or any part of such holder's shares of Series F Preferred Stock into that
number of fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock that is equal to the Series F

Sales Price divided by the Series F Conversion Price multiplied by the number of shares of

Senes PF Preferred Stock to be converted The “Series F Coaversion Price” for the Series F
Preferred Stock shall initially be the Series F Sales Price, and shall be subject to adjustment as
provided herein. The number of shares of Common Stock into which cach share of Series F
Preferred Stock may be converted is heremafter referred to as the “Series F Conversion Rate.”

“ae

Pee a Tn en
(ii) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series F
Preferred Stock that desires to convert such shares into snares of Commen Stock pursuant to ths
parayraph S(a) shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly cidorsed, at the office
of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Series F Preferred Stock, and shall give written
notice to the Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice
shall state the number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock being converted. Thereupon, the
Corporation shall promptly issue and deliver at such office to such holder a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made at the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Series F Preferred Stock to be converted,
and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock on such
date. ;

(ai) Status of Converted Shares. Shares of Series F Preferred
Stock converted as herein provided may not be reissued. The Corporation shall at all tines
reserve and keep available, out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely
for the purpose of conversion of its shares of Series F Preferred Stock, such number of shares of
Common Stock as shall be sufficient to effect the conversion of all shares of Series F Preferred
Stock from time to time outstanding, and the Corporation shall obtain and keep in force such
permits us may be required in order to enable the Corporation lawfully to issue and deliver such
number of shares of Common Stock. On conversion, na fractional shares of Common Stock
shall be issued, but in lieu thereof the Corporation shall pay therefor in cash the amount cqual to
such frachon multiphed by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by
the Beard in yood faith.

b. Automatic Conversion.

(i) Pubhie Offering. Upon the consummation of an
underwritten public offering of Common Stock of the Corporation pursuant to a rezistration
statement: filed wath, and declared effective by, the Securities and Exchanze Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in which (A) the per share price is at least
equal to $3.06 (as adjusted for any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any
dividend or distribution of securities convertuble into Common Stock), reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, exchange or other like change with respect to the Common
Stock occurring on or after the date (the “Series F Original Issue Date’) on which the shares of
Series F Preferred Stock are oriyzinally issucd (the “Qualified Share Price’), and (B) the
Corporation receives therefrom in excess of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000), afler deducting
undenwniting discounts and commissions and expenses of the offering payable by the
Corporation (a “Qualified Public Offering’), all outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock
shall be deemed automatically converted into fully paid and noi assessable shares of Common
Stock at the then effective Senes F Conversion Rate.

ti) Asset Sale or Merzer. All outstanding shares of Series F
Preferred Stock shall aiso he deemed automatically converted into fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock at the then effective Sernes F Conversion Rate upon the consummation
of a sale of substantially all of the assets of the Corporation (an “fsset Sale”) or a merger (other
than any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of chaning the domicile of the
Corporation) involving the Corporation andor ene or more of its subsidianes in which
sharcholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the merger do not awn a majority of the
voting securities of the Corporation. 1 the Corporation survives, or the surviving entity, if the
Corporation does not survive, immediately following the merger (a “AMferger”) if (1) in the case
of an Asset Sale, the value of the equity, cash andor property of the acquiring corporation
distributable to the holder of cach share of Series F Preferred Stock from the proceeds of such
asset sale ts at least equal to the Qualified Share Price or. (2) in the case of a Merger. the value of
the equity, cash and‘or property of the surviving entity to be reecived by the holder of each share
of Series F Preferred Stock is at least equal to the Qualified Share Price. For purposes of this
paragraph, the value of equity shail be determined in yvood faith by the Board whose
determination shall be binding and conclusive.

(ii) = Conversion of a Majority of Series F Preferred Shares. At
such time as more than 50% of the ageregate number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock has
been converted into Common Stock, all outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock shall also
be deemed automatically converted into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
at the then effective Series F Conversion Rate,

c. Adjustments _to_ Series FF Conversion Price Upon Issuanee_of
Additional Shares of Common.
a) Special Deliniuon. For purposes of this paragraph 3),
Additional Shares of Common” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to
paragraph S¢c)(iil), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation on or alter the Series F Original
Issue Date, other than:

(1) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
shares of Series F Preferred Stock or Series F Parity Stock:

(2) shares of Common Stock issued or deented issued
in connechion with a merver (other than e Merzer) involving the Corporation or the purchase of
assets or equity by the Corporation ina business in a transaction approved by the Board;

(3) shares oF or options to purchase Common Stock
issued or tssuable to the Corporation’s employees, officers, directors, consultants or independent
Contractors,

(4) shares of or options to purchase Common Stock
issued or issuable to persons or entities. including without limitation vendors and customers.
with whom the Corporation enters into a sthacrie corporate partner relationship, in all cases as
may be determined by the Board trom time to time:
(5) shares of Common Stock issued or deemed issued
to banks or nancial institutions providing a working capital credit line or to equipment lessors,
as may be determined by the Board from time to time;

(6) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a
dividend or distribution on preferred stock or pursuant to any event for Which adjustment is made
pursuant to paragraph Sic)(vi), (vit) or (vill) hereof; or

(7) by way of a dividend or other distribution on
securities referred to in clauses (1) through (6) above and this clause (7);

(1) No_ Adjustment_ of Serics F Conversion Price No
adjustment in the Series F Conversion Price shall be made in respect of the issuance of
Additional Shares of Common unless the consideration per share for Additional Shares of
Common issued or deemed to he issued by the Corporation is less than the Series F Conversion
Price in effect on the date cf, and immediately prior to such issue

(1) Deemed Issuance of Additional Shares of Common.

(}) Options and Convertible Sccuries.  Exeept as
othenvise provided in paragraphs S(c)Q) and 5(c)a1). in the event the Cerpotation at any time or
from time to time after the Series F Onginal Issue Date shall issue any options or convertible
securities or shall (ix a record date for the determination of holders ct anv class of securities
entitled lo receive any such options or convertible securities, then the maximum number of
shares (as set forth on the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained
therein lur a subsequent adjustinent of such number) of Commen Stock issuable upon the
exercise of such options or, in the case of convertible secusites and options therefor, the
conversion or exchange of such convertible securities or exercise of such options, shall be
deemed to be Additional Shares of Common tssued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a
record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, provided that
Additional Shares of Common shall not be deemed to have been issued unless the consideration
per share (determined pursuant to paragraph Sev) | sscof) of such Additional Shares of
Common would be less than the Series Fo Conversion Price in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, or such record date. as the case may be, and provided further,
that in any such case in Waich Additional Shares of Common are deemed to be issued

(a) no further adjustment ino the Series F
Conversion Pree shall be made upon the subsequent issue of convertible securities or
shares of Conimon Stock upon the exereise of such options or conversion or exchange of
such converuble securities:

(hy Wosuch options or converuble sceurmes by
their terms provide, wath the passave of hme or otherwise, for any imerease or decrease in
the consideration payable to the Corporation, or increase or decrease in the number of
shares of Common Stock Issuable, upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the
Series F Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the
occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based
thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to
reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such options or the rights of
conversion or exchanye under such convertible securities,

(c) no readjustment pursuant to.cluuse (b) above
or clause (d) below shall have the effect of increasing the Series F Conversion Price to an
amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the Series F Conversion Price on the orizinal
adjustment date, or (1) the Series F Conversion Price that would have resulted from any
issuance of Additional Shares of Common between the original adjustment date and such
readjustrent date,

(d) upon the expiration of any such options or
any rights of conversion or exchange under such convertible securities which shall not
have been exercised, the Series F Conversion Price, computed upon the original issue
thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent
adjustments based thereon shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

i) In the case of convertible seeurities
or options for Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common issued
were the shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of
such options or the conversion or exchange of such convertible securities and the
consideration received therefor was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issue of such exercised options plus the consideration actually
received by the Corporation upen such exercise or for the issue of all such
convertible securities which were actually converted or exchanved, plus the
additional consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation upon such
conversion or exchange, and

1) in the case of options for convertible
securities, only the convertible securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise
thereof were issued at the time of issue of such options, and the consideration
received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of Common deemed to
have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the Corporation
for the issue of such exercised options, plus the consideration deemed to have
heen received by the Corporation (determined pursuant to paragraph S(e)vii))
upon the issue of the convertuble securities with respeet to which such options
were achially exeretsed: and
(ec) ifsuch record date shall have been fixed and
such options or convertible securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the
adjustment previously made in the Serres F Conversion Price which became effective on
such record date shall be caneeled as of the close of business on such record date, and
thereafter the Serics F Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph
S(c)tiit) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(ivy  Adjustment_of Series |? Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
Additional Shares of Commmen In the event the Corporation issues or is deemed to issue
Additional Shares of Common without consideration or for consideration per share Jess than the
upplicable Series F Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue,
then and in such event, the Series F Conversion Price shall be reduced, concurrently with such
issue (the “Series F Weighted Average Antidilution’’), to a price (calculated tu the nearest cent)
determined by multiplying the Series F Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such issue plus
the number of shares of Common Stock which the ageregate consideration received by the
Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common so issued would purchase at
such Series F Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional
Shares of Common sa issued; and provided further, that for the puioses of this paragraph
S(c)(iv), all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of
outstanding options, preferred stock (including without limitation Series F Preferred Stock and
Series F Parity Stock) and other convertible securities, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be
outstanding, and immediately after any Additional Shares of Common are deemed issued, such
Additional Shares of Common shall be deemed to be outstanding. Notwithstanding the
forevoing, if the holders of shares in a future class or series of the Corporation's capital stock
have a conversion price adjustment upon the issuance of Additional Shares of Common such that
the conversion price applicable to such shares of capital stock is equal to the quotient of the
aggregate consideration received for the Additional Shares of Common divided by the number af
Additional Shares of Common (“Ratchet Antidilution’), then the holders of Series F Preferred
Stock shall have the Series F Conversion Price adjusted for such Ratchet Antidilution rights as to
any Additional Shares of Common rather than the Series fF Weivhted Average Antidilution rights
described above.

(v) Adjustments for Subdivisions, Splits —Combinabons,
Consolidations, Reorganizations or Reclassifications of Common Stock. In the event that after
the date the Series F Preferred Stock is oryinally tssued the outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be (a) subdivided or split into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, (b)
combined or consolidated. by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of
Common Stock or (c) changed into a different number of shares ef any other class or classes of
Mock. whedon by caprdth reorgamizcion, teclasstication or otherwac, the holders at the shares
of Series F Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion, the stock andor securities to Which
the holder would have been entitled had the holder held, at the time of said spht. subdivision,
combination, consolidation, reorganization or reclassification, the number of shares of Common
Stock into which Series F Preferred Stock could have converted immediately prior to such event
(vi) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the
event the Corporation at any time after the dats of the first issuance of the Series F Preferred
Stock makes, or fixes a record date for, the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled
to reevive, ¢ dividend or other distdbution payable in the securities of the Corporation, then the
holders of the shares of Series F Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion, in addition to the
number of shares of Common Stock receivable thereupon, the stock or securities to which the
holder would have been entitled had the holder held, at the time of said dividend or other
distribution, the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series F Preferred Stock
could have converted immediately prior to such event, and had such holders thereafter during the
period from the date of such event to and including the date of conversion, retained such stock or
securities receivable by such holders as uforesaid during such period, subject to all other
adjustments called for during such period under this paragraph 5 with respect to the rights of the
holders of the Series F Preferred Stock.

(vii) Determination of Considerauon. For purposes of this
paragraph Sic), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common shall be as follows:

(1) Cash and Properny. Such consideration shall:

(a) Insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at
the ayyregate amount of cash received by the Corporation excluding amounts paid
or payable for accrued interest or accrued dividends and prier to any commissions
or expenses paid by the Corporation,

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair value thereof! at the ime of such issue, as determined
mgood tath by the Board: and

(c) inthe event Additional Shares of Common
wre issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the
Corporation for consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such
consideration so received, computed as proxsided ia chiuses (a) and (b) above, as
determined in good faith by the Board

(2) Options and Convertuble Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common deemed

to have been issued pursuant to paragraph S(eyQa)). relate to options and consertble:

securities, shall be determined by dividine:

(x) the total amount, af any. reece or
receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue ol such

2 2

Sa
options or convertible securitics, plus the minimum aggregate amount of
additional consideration (as scl forth in the instruments relating thereto,
without revard to any prevision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the
exercise of such options or the conversion or exchange of such convertible
securities, or in the case of options for convertible securities, the exercise
of such options for convertible securities and the conversion or exchange
of such convertible secunties by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to
any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
number) issuable upon the exercise of such options or the conversion or
exchange of such convertible securities.

(vill) Adjustments to the Series FF Conversion Price for
Subdivisions or Combinations ef Conmmon Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of
Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, Common Stock dividend or otherwise), inte 2
yreater number of shares of Common Stock, the Series F Conversion Price in effect immediately
prior to such subdivision shall, concurrenty with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be
proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be
combined iby reclassification or othcnwise) inio a lesser number of shares of Common Stock the
Series f Conversion Price in effect immediately pnor to such combination shall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately increased.

ix) Adjustments for Other Distnbutions. In the event the
Corporation at any Gime of from time to time makes or fixes a record date for the determination
of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive any distribution (excluding any repurchases of
seeurines by the Corporation not made on a pro rate basis from all holders of any class of the
Corporation's securities) payable in property or in securities of the Corporation other than shares
of Common Stock and other than as otherwise adjusted in this paragraph $, then and tn each such
event provision shall be made so that the holders of Series F Preferred Steck shall receive upen
such distribution the amount of securities ef the Corporation which they would have received
had their shares of Series F Preferred Stock then been converted into Common Stock on the diate
of such event and had they thereafter. during, the period from the date of such event te and
including the date of conversion, retained such securites reevivable by such holders as aforesaid
during such period, subject to all other adjustments called for during such period under this
paragraph S with respect to the rivhts of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock.

(x) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and
Substation, Tf the Common Stock issueble upon conversion of the Series F Preferred Stock
shall he chanved into the same ora different number ef shares of any other class or classes of
stock, Whether by capital reorganization, teclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivisien
or combination of shares provided for above), the Series F Conversion Price then in effect shall,
concutrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionatels
adjusted such that the Series F Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in eu of the number of
epee: nee

shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a
number of shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of
Common Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of Series
F Preferred Stock immediately before that exchange.

d. No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, merger, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this paragraph 5
and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
conversion rights of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock against impairment.

e. Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each

adjustment or readjustment of the Series F Conversion Price pursuant to this paragraph 5, the
Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Series F Preferred Stock a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request
at any time of any holder of Series F Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such
holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (11) the Series F
Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of

Series F Preferred Stock.

f. Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall
propose at any time to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or series of its
stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or any other securities or property, or
to receive any other rights, or take any action of the type described in Section 5(c)(v), (vi), (viii),
(ix) or (x), then, in connection with each such event, the Corporation shall send to the holders of
the Series F Preferred Stock at least 20 days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record
shall be taken for such action and, as applicable, specifying the date on which the holders of the
Common Stock shall be entitled thereto (or, if such action does not require the fixing of a record
date, 30 days prior to the taking of such proposed action). Such notice shall set forth such facts
with respect thereto as shal] be reasonably necessary to indicate the effect of such action (to the
extent such action may be known at the dale of such notice) on the Conversion Price, the
number, kind or class of other securities which shal] be deliverable or purchasable upon the
occurrence of such action or deliverable upon conversion of the Series F Preferred Stock. Each
such written notice shall be given by certified first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the
holders of Series F Preferred Stock at the address for each such holder as shown on the books of
the Corporation. Such notice shal] be effective two business days after the date on which it is

mailed.

g. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation

shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Series F Preferred Stock.
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the

12
LA\1S72881.2
conversion of all the then outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock; and if at any time the
number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series F Preferred Stock, the Corporation will
lake such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares oF Common Stock to such number of stares as shall be sufficient
fer such purpose.

6. Votung Rights. Except as provided herein or as otherwise required by law,
the holders of Series F Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders meeting in
accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation (the “Bylaws”) and to vote, together as a single
class with the holders ef Common Stock and the holders of any other class of series of the
Corporation's capital stock designated by the Board as voting equally with shares of Common
Stock, including, withvut limitation, the Series F Parity Stock (except with respect to those
matters required by law to be submitted to a separate class or serics vote) for the election of
directors and for any other matter submitted to shareholders for a vote, on the following basis:

ng Common Stoex Vote. Each share of Common Stock issued and

outstanding shalt have one vote.

b. Preferred Stock Vote. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding shall have the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common
Sack into which cach is convertible, as adjusted from time to me under paragraph 5 hereof,
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any frschonal voting rights resulting from
the above fonnula (ater aggregating all shares into which shares of Series F Preferred Stock held
by cach holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole nuraber (with one-half
being rounded upward).

C. Cumulative Voting. Notwithstanding the above. tor the election of
‘ireetors cach holder of Common Stock and Series F Preferred Stock shall, after giving the
notice required by Section 708 of the Caltforma Corporations Code, as amended fron: time to
time, be entitled to the number uf votes as determined pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) above
multiphed by the number of directors to be elected with cach shareholder being entitled to
cumulite stich Votes for one candidate or to distribute such votes amoung the candidates as the
sharcholder sees fil.
shares of Series F Preferred Stock shaii be outstanding, this Corporation shall not. without first
obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of not less than a majority of the
otitotinding shares of Series F Preferred Stock:

a. amend or repeal any provision of) or add any provision to, the
Articles or Bylaws such action would materially and adversely alter or change the preferences.
nvhts. prvilesss or powers of, or the restrictions provided for the benefit of, the Senes KF
Preferred Stock authorized hereby (whether by merger or otherwise):

h reclassify any shares of Series fF Jumtor Stock inte shares of capital
Mock having any nyhts. preferences or prvilynes of pronty wath respect te dividends and
distr:butions upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation senior to such rights, preferences or privileges of the Series F Preferred Stock
iwhether by mercer or otherwise), or

¢ effect a Meruer or Asset Sale pursuant to paragraph S¢baii) in
which the Sernes F Preferred Stock Is not automatically converted into Common Stock;

Notwithstanding the foregcing, the authorization of Series F Purity Stock
shall not require a class vote of the Series F Preferred Stock except as set forth in this paragraph
7 or othenwise required by Section 903 or other provisions of the California Corporations Code.

RESOLVED FURTHER, that the President and Secretary of this Corporation are each
authorized to execute, verify, and file this Certificate of Determination in accordance with
California law,

C. Effective upow the fling of this document, the authorized number of shares of the
Corporation's Series F Preferred Stock ts 1,750,000, none of which have been issued.

(Stenanae Page Follows)
We further declare under penalty of perjury under the Jaws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correet of our own Know ledze.

Executed in Sunavvale, CN

on May 12.2006 7 ? . ee
President

Faccuted in Sunnyvale. CA

on May LZ u- 2006 /) }
_ f! = { teh _.-
Thomas D. Recine
Seerelary

SIONATERE Prvcbh POC PREG Sib ot DELERVINAEION
