(f9521093
205048) 4 FILED -

inthe office ci te Secretary of Stale
AMENDED AND RESTATED of the Stale of Caidornia
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION pec 13 200"
Vian
oF ‘CEVIN SHELLEY. of Stat

ARCOT SYSTEMS, INC,

In accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code, the
undersigned, Rammohan Varadarajan and David A. Makarechien, hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Arcot Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the “Corporation”.

TWO: The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be amended and restated to
read in their entirety as follows:

L
The name of this Corporation is Arcot Systems, Inc.
iL.

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Califomia other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

OT.

This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock, designated, respectively,
“Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which this Corporation is
authorized to issue is one hundred fifty million (150,000,000) shares, without par value, of which
one hundred twenty-five million (125,060,000) shares are Common Stock and twenty-five
million (25,000,000) shares are Preferred Stock, of which twenty-five million (25,000,000) are
designated Series A’ Preferred Stock (‘Series A’ Preferred”). Except as set forth in Article IV
hereof relating to the Series A’ Preferred the Board of Directors is authorized to designate
additional series of Preferred Stock and to fix the number of shares of any series of Preferred
Stock and to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to or
imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock and, within the limits and
restrictions stated in any resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors originally fixing the
nuraber of shares constituting any series of Preferred Stock, to increase or decrease (but not
below the number of shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any
such series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series.

Effective upon the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, (i)
each eight (8) outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be converted into one (1) share of

MPt 9328523
Common Stock, each one {1} such resulting share having 2 no par value; and (11) each eight (8)
outstanding shares of Series A’ Preferred shall be converted into one (1) share of Series A’
Preferred, each one (1) such resulting share having no par value (the “Reverse Spiit’). Ail
shares of Common Stock or Senes A’ Preferred, as the case may be, issuable upon the Reverse
Split of the Common Stock or Series A’ Preferred, respectively, held by a holder prior to such
Reverse Split shall be aggregated, respectively, for purposes of determining whether the Reverse
Split would result in the issuance of any fractional shares. In lieu of a fractional share of
Common Stock or Series A’ Preferred to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the
Corporation shall pay such holder such amount in cash as such fractional share represents based
on the fair market value of a share of Common Stock, or Series A’ Preferred, as the case may be,
immediately foliowing the Reverse Split (as determined in good faith by the Corporation’s Board
of Directors).

IV.

The nghts, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:

A. Dividends.

1. When and as deciared by the Corporation’s Board of Directors, the holders
of outstanding Series A’ Preferred, shall be entiticd to receive in ary fiscal year, out of any assets
at the time legally available therefor, dividends tn cash at the rate of $0.003970 per share per
annum (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combination, splits, recapitalizations and the like
with respect io such shares after the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incerporation), before any dividend is paid on Common Stock. Dividends may be declared and
paid upon Common Stock in any fiscal year of the Corporation only if dividends shall have been
paid to or declared and set apart upon all shares of Preferred Stock at such annual rate for such
fiscal year of the Corporation. After such dividends are declared and paid upon the shares of
Preferred Stock, dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock if at the same time
equivalent dividends are declared and paid to holders of Preferred Stock (such dividends to be
paid as determined on an as converted basis for the Preferred Stock).

2. The right to such dividends on Preferred Stock and Common Stock shall
not be cumulative and no right shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock or Common Stock by
reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year, nor shall any
undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest.

B. Liquidation Preference.

L. in the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary,

(} the holders uf the Series A’ Preferred shali be entitled to
receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the holders of any other class or series of the Company’s capital stock by reason
of their ownership of such steck, an amount per share equal to the 0.049629 (as adjusted for any
stock dividends, combination, splits, recapitalization and the like with respect to such shares after

MP1:952852.3 ; 2
the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation), for each share of Series A.’
Preferred then held by them, and in addition, an amount equal to all declared but unpaid
dividends on the Series A’ Preferred (the “Series A’ Preferred Liquidation Preference”). if upon
the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Series A’ Preferred shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally
available for distribution shall be distributed among the holders of the Series A’ Preferred in
proportion to the full aforesaid preferential amounts to which each such holder js entitled;

(ii) in lieu of receiving the above liquidation preference, prior
to the time of any such liquidation, dissolution cr winding up of the Corporation, the holders of
Preferred Stock may convert their shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, in
accordance with Article [V.D. below, and receive the assets of the Corporation on a pro rata
basis with the holders of Common Stock.

2. After payment or setting apart of payment has been made to the hoiders of
the Series A’ Preferred of the full amounts to which they shall be entitled as set forth in Asticle
['V.B.1. above, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive pro rata ihe remaining
assets of the Corporation.

3. Uniess determined otherwise by the holders of at least sixty-six and two-
thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the then-outstanding Series A’ Preferred (such percentage
constituting a “Qualified Vote”), a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or intu any
other corporation or corporations or any other corporate reorganization, in which the
shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or
reorganization, own less than fifty percent (50%) of the Corporation’s equity securities
immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization, or a sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Corporation, or a transaction or series of related transactions in which
more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Corporation is disposed of, shall be
deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up within the meaning of this Article IV.B,
provided however, that the issuance and sale of shares of Series A’ Preferred pursuant to that
certain Series A’ Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 8, 2004 and the
transactions contemplated thereby (together, the “Series A’ Preferred Financing”) shall not be
deemed to constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up within the meaning of this
Article [V_B.

4. Any securities to be delivered to the holders of the Preferred Stock and/or
Common Stock pursuant to this Article IV.B. shall be valued as follows:

fa) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

Gi) If traded on a securities exchange or the Nasdaq National

Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on
such exchange over the 30-day period ending three (3) business days prior to the closing;

MP1 :952852.3 3
(ii) if actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three (3)
business days prior to the closing; and

(iti) _{f there is no active public market, the value shall be the
fair market value thereof, as mutually determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and the
holders of at least a majority of the Preferred Stock of this Corporation.

(b)} The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount, as determined
in good faith by the Board of ! :rectors, from the market value determined as above in 4(a}{i),
{it} or (111) to reflect the appre ximate fair market value thereof.

Cc. Voting Right:

l. General. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shal! be entitled to
the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which each such share
of Preferred Stock is convertible on the record date for the vote or consent of shareholders and
shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of the
Common Stock. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shai! be entitled to notice of any
shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation and shall vote with the
helders of the Common Stock upon any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, except those
matters required by law to be submitted to a class vote or as otherwise provided in Sections H or
lof this Article IV. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted, and any fractional voting
rights resulting from application of the above voting formula (after aggregating all shares into
which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the
nearest whole nuaber (with one half being rounded upward).

2. Election of Directors.

(a) At each election of the Corporation’s directors, so long as at such
time there remains outstanding an aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the
Series A’ Preferred that was outstanding as of December 8, 2004, the purchase date of the Series
A’ Preferred, the holders of the Series A’ Preferred (voting together as a single class) shall elect
four directors and the hoiders of Common Stock (voting together as a single class) shall elect one
director, and the remaining directors shall be elected by all of the holders of Common Stock and
Series A’ Preferred, voting together as a single class.

(b} Notwithstanding any Bylaw provisions to the contrary, the
shareholders entitled to elect a particular director shall be entitled to remove such director or to
fill a vacancy in the seat formerly held by such director, all in accordance with the applicable
provisions under California law.

Dz. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

1. Right to Convert.

MP1-952852 3 4
(a} Each share of Series A’ Preferred shal! be convertible. at the option
of the holder thereof, at any time into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Sisck as is determined by dividing the Issuance Price (as defined below } by the
Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The Issuance Price for
the Series A’ Preferred shall tie 0.049629. The Conversion Price for Series A’ Preferred shali
initially be 0.049629, subject to adjustment as provided below. Such initial Conversion Price
shall be adjusted as hereinafter provided.

2. Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A’ Preferred, together wish
any declared and unpaid dividends on such Preferred Stock, shall automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock at the respective Conversion Price at the time in effect for such series
of Preferred Stock immediately upon the earlier of (i) the sale of the Corporation’s Common
Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant tc an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), the public offering price of
which is not less than $0.248145 per share (as adjusted for any stock splits, reverse stock splits,
stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like after the filing of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation) and with gross proceeds to the Corporation of not less than
$30,000,000 in the aggregate or (ii) the date upon which the Corporation obtains a Qualified
Vote of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a ciass, to such
conversion.

3. Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shai! be
entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor
he shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the
Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same; provided, however, that in
the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section D.2 above, the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any further acticn by the holders of
such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the
Corporation or its transfer agent, and provided further that the Corporation shall not be obligated
to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic
conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered
to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation
or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an
agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred
by it in connection with such certificates. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after
such delivery, or such agreement and indemnification in the case of a lost certificate, issue and
deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock to which the holder shall be ent‘tled and a check payable to
the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result 0: a conversion into fractional
shares of Common Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to he
converted, or in the case of automatic conversion, on the date of closing of the underwritten
offering or at the close of business on the date of a vote or written consent to conversion,
whichever may be applicable, and the person or persons entitled t. receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

?

MP1 9528523 5
4. Fractional Shares. In lieu of any fractional shares of Common Stock to
which the holder of Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled upon conversion pursuant to this
Article FV.D., the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair market
value of one share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be
determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock of each holder at the
time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such aggregate conversion.

E, Adjustment of Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of each series of
Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time te time as follows:

(a) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time
after the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation is increased by a stock
dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or by a subdivision or split up of shares of
Common Stock, then, on the date such payment is made or such change is effective, the
applicable Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriaiely decreased so
that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of Preferred
Stock shail be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares.

(b) ‘if the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time
after the December 8, 2004, the purchase date of the Series A’ Preferred, is decreased by a
combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a combination that applies
to both outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock), then, following the record
date of such combination, the applicable Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock shall be
appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of
each share of such Series shail be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(c) in case the Corporation shall declare a cash dividend upon its
Common Stock payable otherwise than out of retained earnings or shall distribute te holders of
its Common Stock shares of its capital stock (other than Common Stock), stock or other
securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons,
assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights (excluding options to purchase and righis
to subscribe for Common Stock or other securities of the Corporation convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock), then, in each such case, the holders of the Preferred Steck
shall, concurrent with the distribution to holders of Common Stock, receive a like distribution
based upon the number of shares of Commmon Stock inte which such Preferred Stock is then
convertible.

(d) Incase, at any time after the date hereof, of any capital
reorganization or any reclassification of the stock of the Corporation (other than as a result of a
stock dividend or subdivision, split-up or combination of shares), or the consolidation or merger
of the Corporation with or into another person (other than a consolidation or merger in whi ch the
Corporation is the continuing entity and which does not result in any change in the Common
Stock), the shares of Preferred Stock shall, after such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition, be convertible into the kind and number of
shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise to which such

MP} 952852.3 6
holder would have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition such holder had converted its shares of Preferred
Stock into Common Stock. The provisions of this clause (d) shall similarly apply to successive
reorganizations, reclassification, consolidations, mergers, sales or other dispositions.

(e) All calculations under this Section E shall be made to the nearest
cent or to the nearest one hundredth (1/100) of a share, as the case may be.

F. Repurchase of Common Shares. Each holder of an outstanding share of Preferred
Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California
General Corporation Law to distributions made by the Corporation in connection with the
repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, directors or consultants
upon termination of their employment, directorship or consultancy pursuant te agreements

providing for the right of such repurchase between the Corporation or a subsidiary and such
persons.

G. Protective Provisions. So long as any shares of Series A’ Preferred shall be
outstanding, the Company shall not without first obtaining 4 Qualified Vote of the outstanding
Series A’ Preferred (whether by merger, recapitalization or otherwise):

{a) Amend, alter, waive or repeal any provision of the Articles of
Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company in such a way as to adversely affect the rights,
preferences and privileges of the Series A’ Preferred;

(b) Authorize, create, issue or designate, whether by reclassification or
otherwise, any new class or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity
securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series A’ Preferred in rights
of conversion, redemption, liquidation preferences, voting or dividends or any increase in the
authorized or designated number of any such new class or series;

{c) ~ Consummate a liquidation, winding up, merger, consolidation,
corporate reorganization or any transaction in which al! or substantially ali of the assets of the
Company are sold, or in which the Company’s shareholders immediately prior to such
transaction own immediately after such transaction less than fifty percent (50%) of the equity
securities of the surviving corporation or its parent, or a transaction or series of related
transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Company is
disposed to holders who did not own any of such equity securities prior to the transaction(s),
provided however, Series A’ Preferred Financing shall not be deemed to constitute a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up within the meaning of this subsection 5(c);

(d} Redeem or repurchase the Preferred Stock or the Common Stock
(except for acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to agreements which pennit
the Company to repurchase such shares upon termination of services to the Company or a
subsidiary or in exercise of the Company's right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer);

(¢) increase or decrease the authorized number of directors; or

MP1 -952852.3 ; 7
(BH Enter into any agreement or commitment to take any of the actions
set forth in subsections (a) through (e} above.

H. Residual Rights. Aji rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the Corporation
not expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested with the Common Stock.

V.

A. The liability of the directors of this Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with
agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, to the fullest extent
permissible under California law.

C. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article V shali

not adversely affect any right or protection of any agent of this Corporation existing at the time
of such amendment, repeal or modification.

THREE: The foregoing amended and restated Articles of Incorporation has been
approved by the Board of Directors of said Corporation.

FOUR: The foregoing amended and restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the required vote of the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of
the California Corporations Code.

FIVE: The total number of outstanding shares entitled to «ute with respect to the
foregoing amendment and restatement was 476,118,042 shares of Common Stock, no shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, no shares of Series B Preferred Stock, no shares of Series C Preferred
Stock, no shares of Series D Preferred Stock, no shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stack, no shares
of Series E Preferred Stock, ne shares of Series E-1 Preferred Stock, 80,598,037 shares of Series
A’ Preferred Stock, no shares of Series AA Preferred Stock, no shares of Series BB Preferred
Stock, no shares of Series CC Preferred Stock, no shares of Series DD Preferred Stock, no shares
of Series DD-1 Preferred Stock, no shares of Series EE Preferred Stock, no shares of Series EE-1
Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or
exceeded the vote required, such required vote being (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock and (ii) a majority exceeding sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the
outstanding shares of the Series A’ Preferred Stock.

MP1 -952852.3 8
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certificate on December

10, 2004.
\ ,
\| Cee

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

David A. Makarechian
Secretary

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
Califomia that they have read the foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and
know the contents thereof and that the statements therein are true.

Executed at Menlo Park, California, on December 10, 2004.

tl

Raramohan Varadarajan
President

David A. Makarechian
Secretary

MP? ‘YS 2852 3
EN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certificate on December
i6, 2004. ,

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

OAL KX
David A. Makarechian
Secretary

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that they have read the foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and
know the contents thereof and that the statements therein are true.

Executed at Menlo Park, California, on December 10, 2604.

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

i.
David A. Makarechian

Secretary

MPI 952852 3
