A0698108

DOEUNIG / * inthe oth ED ~~

of State
Of the State of California Sta
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT NOV 2-4 2009
TO THE
THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
ARCOT SYSTEMS, INC.,
a California corporation
Rammohan Varadarajan and Warren T. Lazarow hereby certify that:
}. They are duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of Arcot
Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the “Corporation”),
2. The following sentence shall be inserted at the end of Article 1¥(C)(2)(a) of the

Thirdl Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of said Corporation:

“The holders of all the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, voting together as a
single class, have the right to elect two (2) directors.”

3. The foregoing amendment has been duly approved by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation.

4. The foregoing amendment of the Third Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of the shareholders in accordance
with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code. The appropriate officers of the
Corporation have been authorized to file the Certificate of Amendment to the Third Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of California. The
number of outstanding shares of the Corporation is 62,217,706 shares of Common Stock,
47,805,534 shares of Series A’ Preferred Stock and 34,797,121 shares of Series B’ Preferred
Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment of the Third Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation equaled or exceeded the vote required. Affirmative votes
were received from seventy percent (70%) of the sum of the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock less 2,707,207 shares (voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common
Stock basis) and a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock
(voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis).

SG) °2529 2
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate of
Amendment on November 2¢, 2009.

‘(Co

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

Warren T. Lazarow
Secretary

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that they have read the foregoing Certificate of Amendment and know the contents
thereof and that the statements therein are true.

Executed at Sunnyvale, California, on November 24, 2009.

ee

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

Warren T. Lazarow
Secretary

$G1:2529.2
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate of
Amendmenton November oY, 2009.

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that they have read the foregoing Certificate of Amendment and know the contents
thereof and that the statements therein are true.

Executed at Sunnyvale, California,on November 24%, 2009.

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

$G1'2529.2
