40622850 |
LO Se Y Al “aE

of the State of California

AH 2 4 2005
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT .
OF THE Cam,
AMENDED AND RESTATED VIN SHEL Ey
ARTICLES OF INCOPORATION ; ~~ of Sta’
OF
ARCOT SYSTEMS, INC.

In accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations
Code, the undersigned, Rammohan Varadarajan and David A. Makarechian, hereby
certify that:

l. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary,
respectively, of Arcot Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the “Corporation”).

2. Section C.2(a) of ARTICLE IV of the Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

“(a). At each election of the Corporation’s directors, so
long as at such time there remains outstanding an aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%)
or more of the Series A’ Preferred that was outstanding as of December 8, 2004, the
“purchase date of the Series A’ Preferred (as adjusted for any. stock splits, reverse stock
splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like), the holders of the Series A’ Preferred
(voting together as a single class) shall elect five directors and the holders of Common
Stock (voting together as a single class) shall elect one director, and the remaining
directors shall be elected by all of the holders of Common Stock and Series A’ Preferred,
voting together as a single class.”

3. The foregoing amendment has been duly approved by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.

4, The foregoing amended and restated Articles of Incorporation has
been duly approved by the required vote of the shareholders in accordance with Sections
902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code.

5. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect »
io the foregoing amendment and restatement was 60,476,076 shares of Common Stock
and 15,112,134 shares of Series A* Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in
favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required, such required
vote being (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and (ii) a majority
exceeding sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the outstanding shares of the
Series A’ Preferred Stock.

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury that the matters
set forth in this Certificate of Amendment are true and correct of their own knowledge.

{Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

MP1:956328.1
IN WETNESS WHEREOEF, the undersigned have executed this certificate on
January 24, 2005.

Rammohan Varadarajan _
President

DA Yr

David A. Makarechian
Secretary

The undersigned further declare tinder penalty of perjury under the laws of the

- State of California that they have read the foregoing Certificate of Amendment of the
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and know the contents thereof and that

the statements therein are true. ;

Executed at Menlo Park, California, on January 24%, 2005.

\ famends —

Rammeohan Varadarajan
President

David A. Makarechian
Secretary

MP1:95637%.1
