A0657638
COG 78/ in the athe 1 ED of Stat
__ of the State of California

5 2007
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED MAR 0 6

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF

ARCOT SYSTEMS, INC.

In accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code, the
undersigned, Rammohan Varadarajan and Warren T. Lazarow, hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Arcot Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the “Corporation”).

TWO: The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be
amended and restated to read in their entirety as follows:

I.
The name of this Corporation is Arcot Systems, Inc.
Ik.

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

Il.

This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock, designated, respectively,
“Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which this Corporation is
authorized to issue is two hundred ten million (210,000,000) shares, without par value, of which
one hundred fifty million (150,000,000) shares are Common Stock and sixty million shares
(60,000,000) are Preferred Stock, of which sixty million (60,000,000) are designated Series A’
Preferred Stock (“Series A’ Preferred”). Except as set forth in Article IV hereof relating to the
Series A’ Preferred, the Board of Directors is authorized to designate additional series of
Preferred Stock and to fix the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock and to determine
or alter the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any
wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock and, within the limits and restrictions stated in any
resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors originally fixing the number of shares
constituting any series of Preferred Stock, to increase or decrease (but not below the number of
shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares:of any such series subsequent to
the issue of shares of that series.

MP1:995413.4
IV.

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:

A, Dividends,

I, When and as declared by the Corporation’s Board of Directors, the holders
of outstanding Series A’ Preferred, shall be entitled to receive in any fiscal year, out of any assets
at the time legally available therefor, dividends in cash at the rate of $0,03176 per share per
annum (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combination, splits, recapitalizations and the like
with respect to such shares after the date of filing of these Second Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation), before any dividend is paid on Common Stock. Dividends may be
declared and paid upon Common Stock in any fiscal year of the Corporation only if dividends
shall have been paid to or declared and set apart upon all shares of Preferred Stock at such annual
rate for such fiscal year of the Corporation. After such dividends are declared and paid upon the
shares of Preferred Stock, dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock if at the
same time equivalent dividends are declared and paid to holders of Preferred Stock (such
dividends to be paid as determined on-an as converted basis for the Preferred Stock).

2. The right to such dividends on Preferred Stock and Common Stock shal]
not be cumulative and no right shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock or Common Stock by
reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year, nor shall any
undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest.

B. Liquidation Preference,

1. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the -
Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary,

(i) the holders of the Series A’ Preferred shall be entitled to
receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the holders of any other class or series of the Company’s capital stock by reason
of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share equal to $0.390732 (as adjusted for any
stock dividends, combination, splits, recapitalization and the like with respect to such shares after
the date of filing of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation), for each
share of Series A’ Preferred then held by them, and in addition, an amount equal to all declared
but unpaid dividends on the Series A’ Preferred. If upon the occurrence of such event, the assets
and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A’ Preferred shall be insufficient to
permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire
assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed among
the holders of the Series A’ Preferred in proportion to the full aforesaid preferential amounts to
which each such holder is entitled;

(it) in lieu of receiving the above liquidation preference, prior

to the time of any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of
Preferred Stock may convert their shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, in

MP1:995413.4 . 2
accordance with Article IV.D, below, and receive the assets of the Corporation ona pro rata
basis with the holders of Common Stock. :

: 2. After payment or setting apart of payment has been made to the holders of
the Series A’ Preferred of the full amounts to which they shall be entitled as set forth in Article
IV.B.1. above, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive pro rata the remaining
assets of the Corporation. ,

3. Unless determined otherwise by the holders of at least sixty-six and two-
thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the then-outstanding Series A’ Preferred (such percentage
constituting a “Qualified Vote”), a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any
other corporation or corporations or any other corporate reorganization, in which the
shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or
reorganization, own less than fifty percent (50%) of the Corporation’s equity securities
immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization, or a sale of al) or substantially
all of the assets of the Corporation, or a transaction or series of related transactions in which
more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Corporation is disposed of, shall be
deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up within the meaning of this Article IV.B,
provided however, that the issuance and sale of shares of Series A’ Preferred pursuant to that
certain Series A’ Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 8, 2004 as amended,
together with all subsequent closings thereunder, and the transactions contemplated thereby
(together, the “Series A’ Preferred Financing”) shall not be deemed to constitute a hquidation,
dissolution or winding up within the meaning of this Article IV.B.

4, Any securities to be delivered to the holders of the Preferred Stock and/or
Common Stock pursuant to this Article IV.B. shal) be valued as fol lows:

(a) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

(i) If traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange over the 30-day
period ending three (3) business days prior to the closing;

{ii) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid Prices over the 30-day period ending three (3)
business days prior to the closing; and

(iii) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the
fair market value thereof, as mutually determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and the
holders of at least a majority of the Preferred Stock of this Corporation.

(b) | The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount, as determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors, from the market value determined as above in 4(a)¢i),

(ii) or (iii) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof.

MP1:995413.4 3
c. Voting Rights.

1, General. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which each such share
of Preferred Stock is convertible on the record date for the vote or consent of shareholders and
shal] have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of the
Common Stock. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any
shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation and shall vote with the
holders of the Common Stock upon any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, except those
matters required by law to be submitted to a class vote or as otherwise provided in Sections G or
H of this Article TV. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted, and any fractional voting
rights resulting from application of the above voting formula (after aggregating all shares into
which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the
nearest whole number (with one half being rounded upward).

2. Election of Directors.

(a) At each election of the Corporation’s directors, so long as at such
time there remains outstanding an aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the
Series A’ Preferred that was issued and outstanding as of March 10, 2007 (as adjusted for any
stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like after the date of
filing of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation), the holders of the
Series A’ Preferred (voting together as a single class) shall elect five directors and the holders of
Common Stock (voting together as a single class) shall elect one director, and the remaining
directors shall be elected by all of the holders of Common Stock and Series A’ Preferred, voting
together as a single class.

(b} Notwithstanding any Bylaw provisions to the contrary, the
shareholders entitled to elect a particular director shall be entitled to remove such director or to
fill a vacancy in the seat formerly held by such director, all in accordance with the applicable
provisions under California law, .

D. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows:

I. Right to Convert.

(a) Each share of Series A’ Preferred shall be convertible, at the option
of the holder thereof, at any time into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Issuance Price (as defined below) by the
Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The Issuance Price for
the Series A’ Preferred shall be $0.390732. The Conversion Price for Series A’ Preferred shall
initially be $0.390732, subject to adjustment as provided below. Such initial Conversion Price
shall be adjusted as hereinafter provided.

2. Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A’ Preferred, together with

any declared and unpaid dividends on such Preferred Stock, shall automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock at the respective Conversion Price at the time in effect for such series

MP1:995413 4 , 4
of Preferred Stock immediately upon the earlier of (i) the sale of the Corporation’s Common
Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration
siatement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the public offering price of which is not
less than $1.95366 per share (as adjusted for any stock splits, reverse stock Splits, stock
dividends, recapitalizations or the like after the date of filing of these Second Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation) and with gross proceeds to the Corporation of not less than
$30,000,000 in the aggregate or (ii) the date upon which the Corporation obtains a Qualified

Vote of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a class, to such
conversion.

3. Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor,
he shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the
Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same; provided, however, that in
the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section D.2 above, the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of
such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the
Corporation or its transfer agent, and provided further that the Corporation shall not be obligated
to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic
conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered
to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation
or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an
agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred
by it in connection with such certificates. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after
such delivery, or such agreement and indemnification in the case of a lost certificate, issue and
deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock to which the holder shall be entitled and a check payable to
the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional
shares of Common Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted, or in the case of automatic conversion, on the date of closing of the underwritten
offering or at the close of business on the date of a vote or written consent to conversion,
whichever may be applicable, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

4. Fractional Shares. In lieu of any fractional shares of Common Stock to
which the holder of Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled upon conversion pursuant to this
Article IV.D., the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair market
value of one share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be
determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock of each holder at the
time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such ageregate conversion.

MP1:995413.4 ; 5
E. Adjustment of Conversion Price. The Conversion Pricé of each series of
Preferred Stock shall be subject to adj ustment from time to time as follows:

(a) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time
afier the date of filing of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation is
increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or by a subdivision or split-up
of shares of Common Stock, then, on the date such payment is made or such change is effective,
the applicable Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately
decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of
Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares.

(b) =‘ If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time
after March 10, 2007 is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
(other than a combination that applies to both outstanding shares of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock), then, following the record date of such combination, the applicable Conversion
Price for the Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of
Comsnon Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such Series shall be decreased in
proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares,

(c) In case the Corporation shall declare a cash dividend upon its
Common Stock payable otherwise than out of retained earnings or shall distribute to holders of
its Common Stock shares of its capital stock (other than Common Stock), stock or other
securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons,
assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights (excluding options to purchase and rights
to subscribe for Common Stock or other securities of the Corporation convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock), then, in each such case, the holders of the Preferred Stock
shali, concurrent with the distribution to holders of Common Stock, receive a like distribution
based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock is then
convertible.

(d) In case, at any time after the date hereof, of any capital
reorganization or any reclassification of the stock of the Corporation (other than as a result of a
stock dividend or subdivision, split-up or combination of shares), or the consolidation or merger
of the Corporation with or into another person (other than a consolidation or merger in which the
Corporation is the continuing entity and which does not result in any change in the Common
Stock), the shares of Preferred Stock shali, after such reorganization, reclassification,
‘consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition, be convertible into the kind and number of
shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise to which such
holder would have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition such holder had converted its shares of Preferred
Stock into Common Stock. The provisions of this clause (d) shall similarly apply to successive
reorganizations, reclassification, consolidations, mergers, sales or other di spositions,

(¢) All calculations under this Section E shall be made to the nearest
cent or to the nearest one hundredth (1/100) of a share, as the case may be.

MP1:995413.4 6
F. Repurchase of Common Shares. Each holder of an outstanding share of Preferred
Stock shal] be deemed to have consented, for purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California
General Corporation Law to distributions made by the Corporation in connection with the
repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, directors or consultants
upon termination of their employment, directorship or consultancy pursuant to agreements
providing for the right of such repurchase between the Corporation or a subsidiary and such
persons.

G. Protective Provisions. So long as any shares of Series A’ Preferred shall be
outstanding, the Corporation shall not without first obtaining a Qualified Vote of the outstanding
Series A’ Preferred (whether by merger, recapitalization or otherwise):

(a) Amend, alter, waive or repeal any provision of the Articles of
Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation in such a way as to adversely affect the ri ghts,
preferences and privileges of the Series A’ Preferred;

(b) Authorize, create, issue or designate, whether by reclassification or
otherwise, any new class or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity
securities of the Corporation ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series A’ Preferred in
rights of conversion, redemption, liquidation preferences, voting or dividends or any increase in
the authorized or designated number of any such new class or series;

(c) Consummate a liquidation, winding up, merger, consolidation,
corporate reorganization or any transaction in which all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation are sold, or in Which the Corporation’s shareholders immediately prior to such
transaction own immediately after such transaction less than fifty percent (50%) of the equity
securities of the surviving corporation or its parent, or a transaction or series of related
transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Corporation is
disposed to holders who did not own any of such equity securities prior to the transaction(s),
provided however, that the Series A’ Preferred F inancing shall not be deemed to constitute a
Siquidation, dissolution or winding up within the meaning of this subsection 5(c);

(d) Redeem or repurchase the Preferred Stock or the Common Stock
(except for acquisitions of Common Stock by the Corporation pursuant to agreements which
permit the Corporation to repurchase such shares upon termination of services to the Company or
a subsidiary or in exercise of the Corporation’s right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer);

(e) Increase or decrease the authorized number of directors; or

(f) ~° Enter into any agreement or commitment to take any of the actions
set forth in subsections (a) through (e) above.

H. Residual Rights, All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the Corporation
not expressly provided for to the contrary herein shal] be vested with the Common Stock.

MP1 998413.4 7
V.

A. The liability of the directors of this Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with
agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, to the fullest extent
permissible under California law.

C. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article V shall
not adversely affect any right or protection of any agent of this Corporation existing at the time
of such amendment, repeal or modification

THREE: The foregoing Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has
been approved by the Board of Directors of said Corporation.

FOUR: The foregoing Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the required vote of the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903
of the Califomia Corporations Code.

FIVE: The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment and restatement was 61,335,960 shares of Common Stock and 27,733,222
shares of Series A’ Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing
amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required, such required vote being (i) a maj ority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock and (ii) a majority exceeding sixty-six and two-thirds
percent (66 2/3%) of the outstanding shares of the Series A’ Preferred Stock.

MP!:995413.4 8
Marth IN Marek p06 WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certificate on
__» 2007.

Raramohan V; jan
President

Warren T. Laznrow
Secretary :

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
Califomiz that they have read the foregoing Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation and know the contents thereof and that the statements therein are true,

Executed at Menlo Park, California, on /MartA.G 2007.

ae

President

Warren T. Lazarow
Secretary

MP1 /995413.4 9
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certificate on
, 2007.

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

We

Warren T. ‘OW
Secretary

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that they have read the foregoing Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation and know the contents thereof and that the statements therein are true.

Executed at Menlo Park, California, on March 6 , 2007.

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

MP1:995413.4 9
