FO0324432

DOS CUX| —-— nme ati

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF APR 2 9 1999
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION ni yuo
OF
ARCOT SYSTEMS, INC.

in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code, the
undersigned hereby certify that:

A, They are the duly elected and acting President and Assistant Secretary, respectively,
of Arcot Systems, Inc., a California corporation.

B. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation are amended and restated in their
entirety to read as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto.

C. The attached Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the Board of Directors of this corporation.

D. The attached Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the required vote of the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with
respect to the Amendment and Restatement was 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock and 1,500,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 1,404,494 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The number of
shares voiing in favor of the attached amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required, such
required vote being a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and two-thirds (2/3) of

the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, each voting as a separate class.

CANRPORTBLAPALIB2UVINS01 7738.2

Sip
We further declare under penalty of perjury that the matters set forth in this certificate are

true and correct of our own knowledge.

Executed at Palo Alto, California on by ni Z ) : 1999.

Balas

atarajan Kausik, President

oo

Thomas E. Pyke, Asgfétant Secretary
EXHIBIT A
AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF

ARCOT SYSTEMS, INC.

I.
The name of this corporation is Arcot Systems, Inc.
Il.

The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

Il.

This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock, designated, respectively,
"Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock." The total number of shares which this corporation is
authorized to issue is 38,713,482 shares, without par value, of which 30,000,000 shares are Common
Stock and 8,713,482 shares are Preferred Stock, of which 4,500,000 shares are designated Series A
Preferred Stock, and 4,213,482 are designated Series B Preferred Stock. Except as set forth in
Article IV hereof relating to the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, the Board of
Directors is authorized to designate additional series of Preferred Stock and to fix the number of
shares of any series of Preferred Stock and to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges,
and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock and,
within the limits and restrictions stated in any resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors
originally fixing the number of shares constituting any series of Preferred Stock, to increase or
decrease (but not below the number of shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of
shares of any such series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series.

Effective upon the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles there will be a three-for-
one ("3 for 1") forward stock split for each issued and outstanding share of Common Stock, and a3
for 1 forward stock split for each issued and outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock.

CANRPORTBLAPALIBAUV1\1017738.2
IV.

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:

A. Dividends. When and as declared by the corporation's Board of Directors, the holders
of outstanding Series A Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred") and Series B Preferred Stock ("Series
B Preferred") shali be entitled to receive in any fiscal year on a pari passu basis, out of any assets at
the time legally available therefor, dividends in cash at the rate of $0.0266 and $0.0712 per share per
annum, respectively (each as adjusted for any stock dividends, combination, splits, recapitalizations
and the like with respect to such shares), before any dividend is paid on Common Stock. Dividends
may be declared and paid upon Common Stock in any fiscal year of the corporation only if dividends
Shall have been paid to or declared and set apart upon all shares of Preferred Stock at such annual
rate for such fiscal year of the corporation. After payment of such dividends, any additional
dividends declared shall be payable entirely to the holders of Common Stock.

The right to such dividends on Preferred Stock and Common Stock shall not be
cumulative and no right shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of the
fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year, nor shall any undeclared or
unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest.

B. iquidation Pr

1. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the corporation,
either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred shall be
entitled to receive on a pari passu basis and prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the
assets or surplus funds of the corporation to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their
ownership of such stock, an amount per share equal to the sum of $0,333 and $0.89, respectively, (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combination, Splits, recapitalization and the like with respect to
such shares) for each share of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred, respectively, then held by
them, and, in addition, an amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, respectively, but no more. If upon the occurrence of
such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred and .
Series B Preferred shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid
preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the corporation legally available for
distribution shail be distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred
in proportion to the full aforesaid preferential amounts to which each such holder is entitled. In lieu
of receiving the above liquidation preference, at the time of any such liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of tie corporation, the holders of Preferred Stock may convert their shares of Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock, in accordance with Section D below, and receive the assets of
the corporation on a pro rata basis with the holders of Common Stock.

2. After payment or setting apart of payment has been made to the holders of
Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred of the full amounts to which they shall be entitled as

CANRPORTBL\PALIB2UV1\1017738.2 2
aforesaid, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive pro rata the remaining assets of
the corporation.

3. A consolidation or merger of the corporation with or into any other
corporation or corporations or any other corporate reorganization, in which the shareholders of the
corporation immediately prior to such corsolidation, merger or reorganization, own less than 50% of
the corporation's voting power immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization, or a
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation, or a transaction or series of related
transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of the corporation is disposed of, shall be
deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up within the meaning of this Section IV.B.

4, Any securities tc be delivered to the holders of the Preferred Stock and/or
Common Stock pursuant to this Section B shall be valued as follows:

(a) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions
on free marketability:

(i) If traded on a securities exchange or the Nasdaq National
Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such
exchange over the 30-day period ending three (3) business days prior to the closing;

(ii) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shal! be deemed to
be the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three (3) business days prior to
the closing; and

(iii) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of this corporation.

{b) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter of
other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market
value determined as above in {a)(i)(ii) or ii) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of this corporation.

Cc. Voting Rights.

1, General. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which each such share of
Preferred Stock is convertible on the record date for the vote or consent of shareholders and shall
have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of the Common
Stock. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be envitled to notice of any shareholders'
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the corporation and shall vote with the holders of the
Common Stock upon any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, except those matters required
by law to be submitted to a class vote or as otherwise provided in Section F of this Article IV.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted, and any fractional voting rights resulting from

CANRPORTBLIPALIB2UY I\1047738.2 3
application of the above voting formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred
Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with
one-half being rounded upward).

2. Election of Directors. At each election of the corporation's directors, so long
as 23% or more of the Preferred Stock remains outstanding, the holders of the Series A Preferred
(voting as a single class) will elect one director, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock (voting
as a single class) will elect one director, and the holders of Common Stock (voting as a Single class)
will elect one director, and any remaining directors will be elected by all of the hoiders of Common
and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class. If at any time less than 25% of the Preferred
Stock remains outstanding, all of the directors. will be elected by all of the holders of Common and
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, Notwithstanding any Bylaw provisions to the
contrary, the shareholders entitled to elect a particular director shall be entitled to remove such
director o7 to fill a vacancy in the seat formerly held by such director, all in accordance with the
applicable provisions under California law.

dD. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows
{the "Conversion Rights"):

t. Right to Convert. Each share of each series of Preferred Stock shall be
convertibie, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time inte such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Issuance Price (as defined
below) by the Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The Issuance
Price for the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be $0.333 and $0.89,
respectively. The Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock
shall initially be $6.333 and $0.89, respectively, subject to adjustment as provided below. The
number of shares of Common Stock into which a share of a series of Preferred Stock is convertible is
hereinafter referred to as the "Conversion Rate" of such series of Preferred Stock.

2. Automatic Conversion. Each share of each series of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective applicable Conversion
Rate (i) immediately prior to the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act")
covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the corporation to the public , which
resuits in the Company's Common Stock being listed for trading on a national securities exchange or
the Nasdaq National Market, or (ii) upon the corporation's receipt of the written consent of the
holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock.

3. Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor, he
Shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the corporation
or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the corporation at
such office that such holder elects to convert the same; provided, however, that in the event of an
automatic conversion pursuant to Section D.2 above, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall

CANRPORTBIAPALIBZUVI\017738.2 4
be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or
not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the corporation or its transfer agent,
and provided further that the corporati.n shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such autor-atic conversion unless the certificates evidencing
such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered iu the corporation or its transfer agent as provided
above, or the holder notifies the corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost,
_ stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the corporation to indemnify the
corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates, The corporation shall,
as soon as practicable after such delivery, or such agreement and indemnification in the case of a lost
certificate, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the holde: shall be entitled and a
check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion
into fractionai shares of Common Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of ihe shares of Preferred
Stock to be converted, or in the case of automatic conversion. on the date of closing of the offering,
and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuabie upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder cr holders of such shares of Common
Stock on such date.

4, Eractional Shares. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder of Preferred
Stock would otherwise be entitled, the corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the fair market value of one share of Preferred Stock as determined by the Board of
Directors of the corporation. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shail
be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock of each holder at the time
converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggre-
gate conversion.

5. Adjustment of Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of each series Preferred

Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(a) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after
the filing of these Restated Articles of Incorporation is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares
of Common Stock or by a subdivision or split-up of shares of Common Stock, then, on the date such
payment is made or such change is effective, the applicable Conversion Price of each series of Preferred
Stock shal! be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such increase of outstand-
ing shares,

(b) if the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after
the date hereof is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, on the
effective date of such combination, the applicable Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock
shall be appropriately increased so that the nuber of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion
of any shares of Preferred Steck shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares,

CANRPORTBLAPALIBZV 1\101 7738.2 3
(c) In case the corporation shall declare a cash dividend upon its Common
Stock payable otherwise than out of retained earnings or shall distribute tc holders of its Common Stock
shares of its capital stock (other than Common Stock), stock or other securities of other persons,
evidences of indebtedness issued by the corporation or other persens, assets (excluding cash dividends)
or options or rights (excluding options to purchase and rights to subscribe for Common Stock or other
securities of the corporation convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock), then, in each such
case, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall, concurrent with the distribution to holders of Common ,
receive a like distribution based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred
Stock is then convertible,

(d) _—_ Incase, at any time after the date hereof, of any capital reorganization, or
any reclassification of the stock of the corporation (other than as a result of a stock dividend or
subdivision, split-up or combination of shares), or the consolidation or merger of the corporation with
or into another person (other than a consolidation or merger in which the corporation is the continuing
entity and which does not result in any change in the Common Stock), the shares of Preferzed Stock
shall, after such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition, be
convertible into the kind and number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the corporation
or otherwise to which such holder would have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition such holder had converted its shares of
Preferred Stock into Common Stock, The provisions of this clause (d) shall similarly apply to successive
reorganizations, reclassification, consolidations, mergers, sales or other dispositions.

{e) All calculations under this Section D shall be made to the nearest cent or
io the nearest one hundredth (1/100) of a share, as the case may be.

6. Minimal Adjustments. No adjustment in any Conversion Price for the Preferred
Stock need be made if such adjustment would result in a change in any Conversion Price of less than
$0.01. Any adjustment of less than $0.01 which is not made shall be carried forward and shal! be made
at the time of and together with any subsequent adjustment which, on a cumulative basis, amounts to
an adjustment of $0.01 or more in the Conversion Price.

7. No impairment. The corporation wil! not through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consclidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities cz any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed hereunder by the corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carry-
ing out of all the previsions of this Section D and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary
Or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against im-
pairment. This provision shall not restrict the corporation's right to amend its Articles of Incorporation
with the requisite shareholder consent.

3. Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Rate for the Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section D, the corporation
at iis expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such

CANRPORTBLIPALSE2UV 1\1017738.2 6
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjusiment
is based. The corporation shall, upon written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock,
furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) all such adjustments and
readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Rate at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common
Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion
of such holder's shares of Preferred Stock.

9, Notices of Record Date. in the event of any taking by the corporation of a record
of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who are
entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other securities or property or
to receive any other right, the corporation shall mail to each holder of Preferred Stock at least twenty
(20) days prior to such record date, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend or distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend,
distribution or right.

10. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section D te be given to
any holder of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder's address appearing on the corporation's
books. ‘

E. Repurchase of Common Shares. Each holder of an outstanding share of Preferred
Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for purposes of Sections 502, 503, and 506 of the
California General Corporation Law to distributions made by the corporation in connection with the
repurchase, at cost, of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, directors or
consultants upon termination of their employment, directorship or consultancy pursuant to
agreements providing for the right of such repurchase between the corporation and such persons.

F. Protective Provisions. So long as any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
outstanding, the corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval of the holders of at least
two-thirds of the outstanding Preferred Stock:

(a) Change Rights. Amend, alter, or repeal any provision of the Articles
of Incorporation cr the Bylaws of the Company (including any filing of a Certificate of
Determination) that affects adversely the voting powers, preferences, or other special rights or
privileges, qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of the Preferred Stock;

Change Number. Increase or decrease the authorized number of
shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock;

(c) Create New Shares. Authorize or designate, whether by

reclassification or otherwise, any new class or series of stock or any other securities convertibie
into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Preferred Stock in

CANRPORTBL\PALIB2UV I\1017738.2 7
rights of redemption, liquidation preferences, voting or dividends or any increase in the authorized
or designated number of any such new class or serivs;

(d) Reorganization. Consummate 2 merger, corporate reorganization, or
any transaction in which all or substantially all of tne assets of the corporation are sold, or in which
transaction the corporation’s shareholders immediately prior to such transaction own immediately
after such transaction less than 50% of the equity securities of the surviving corporation or its parent;

{e) Board of Directors. Increase or decrease the authorized number of
directors;

(f} Employee Equity Plan. Increase the number of shares reserved for
issuance to employees and consultants pursuant to any employee equity plan, or adopt any new
employee equity plan; or

(g) Redemption. Redeem, repurchase, pay dividends or make any
distribution with respect to Common Stock (except for acquisitions of Common Stock by the
Company pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares upon
termination of services to the Company or in exercise of the Company's right of first refusal upon
a proposed transfer).

G. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the corporation not
expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested with the Common Stock.

V.

A. The liability of the directors of this corporation for monetary dainages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. The corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with agents,
vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, to the fullest extent permissible under
California law.

Cc. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article V shall not

adversely affect any right or pretection of any agent of this corporation existing at the time of such
amendment, repeal or modification.

CANRPORTBLIPALIBZIV 1\1017738.2 8
