AQb74829
Zoe b4Gl FILED ran

{n the Office of the Secretary of Stato
of the State of Califomia

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED MAR 2 7 2008
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF

ARCOT SYSTEMS, INC.

In accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code, the
undersigned, Rarmmohan Varadarajan and Warren T. Lazarow, hereby certify that:

ONE: They-are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Arcot Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Corporation’).

TWO: The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be
amended and restated to read in their entirety as follows:

I.
The name of the Corporation is Arcot Systems, Inc.
fl.

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code,

WW.

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock, designated, respectively,
“Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the Corporation is
authorized to issue is two hundred eighty-six million five hundred thousand (286,500,000)
Shares, without par value, of which one hundred ninety-two million (192,000,000) shares are
Common Stock and ninety-four million five hundred thousand (94,500,000) shares are Preferred
Stock, of which sixty million (60,000,000) are designated Series A’ Preferred Stock (“Series A’
Preferred Stock”) and thirty-four million five hundred thousand (34,500,000) are designated
Series B” Preferred Stock (“Series B’ Preferred Stock”). The Series A’ Preferred Stock and the
Series B’ Preferred Stock are hereinafter referred to as the “Preferred Stock.”

IV.

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:

MP1:1013058,7
A, Dividends.

1, When, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, the holders of shares
of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends in cash, on a pari passu basis, out of any
asscts at the time legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment
of any dividend on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of $0.03176 per share per
annum (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, stock splits, reverse stock splits,
recapitalizations and the like) on each outstanding share of Series A’ Preferred Stock and at the
rate of $0.0546 per share per annum (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, stock
splits, reverse stock splits, recapitalizations and the like) on each outstandin g share of Series B’
Preferred Stock. Dividends may be declared and paid upon Common Stock in any fiscal year of
the Corporation only if dividends shall have been paid to or declared and set apart upon all
shares of Preferred Stock at such annual rate for such fiscal year of the Corporation. After such
dividends are declared and paid upon the shares of Preferred Stock, dividends may be declared
and paid on the Common Stock if at the same time equivalent dividends are declared and paid to
holders of Preferred Stock (such dividends to be paid as determined on an as-converted basis for
the Preferred Stock),

2. The right to such dividends on Preferred Stock and Common Stock-shall
‘ not be cumulative and no right shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock or Common Stock by
reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year, nor shall any
undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest.

B. Liquidation Preference.

1. In the event of a Liquidation (as defined below),

(a) . the holders of the then-outstanding Series B’ Preferred Stock shall .
be entitled to receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus
funds of the Corporation to the holders of any other class or series of the Corporation’s capital
stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share equal to $0.6826 (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, stock splits, reverse stock splits, recapitalizations
and the like), for each share of Series B’ Preferred Stock then held by them and, in addition, an
amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on the Series B’ Preferred Stock (together, the
“Series B’ Preferred Liquidation Preference’). If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets
and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series B’ Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full Series B’ Preferred Liquidation
Preference, then the entire remaining assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed among the holders of the Series B’ Preferred Stock in proportion
to the full preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive under this
subparagraph (a);

(b) following the distribution required by Section B.1(a) above, the
holders of the then-outstanding Series A’ Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive pnior and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the
holders of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share
equal to $0.397032 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, stock splits, reverse stock

MP 1-1013088,7 2
splits, recapitalizations and the like), for each share of Series A’ Preferred Stock then held by
them and, in addition, an amount equal to al] declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A’
Preferred Stock (together, the “Series A’ Preferred Liquidation Preference”). If upon the
occurrence of such event (and after the distributions described in Section B.1 (a) above to holders
of Series B’ Preferred Stock), the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Series A’ Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
Series A’ Preferred Liquidation Preference, then the entire remaining assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed among the holders of the

Series A’ Preferred Stock in proportion to the full preferential amount each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive under this subparagraph (b);

(c) in lieu of receiving the above Series B’ Preferred Liquidation
Preference and Series A’ Preferred Liquidation Preference, prior to the time of any such
Liquidation, the holders of Preferred Stock may convert their shares of Preferred Stock into
shares of Common Stock, in accordance with Article IV.D. below, and receive the assets of the
Corporation on a pro rata basis with the holders of Common Stock.

2. After payment or setting apart of payment has been made to the holders of
the Series B’ Preferred Stock and the Series A’ Preferred Stock of the full amounts to which they
shall be entitled as set forth in Article IV.B.1. above, the holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive pro rata the remaining assets of the Corporation.

3. Unless determined otherwise by the holders of at least seventy percent
(70%) of the voting power (provided that for purposes hereof, voting power shall mean that
number of shares equal to the then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock less 2,707,207 shares
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, stock splits, reverse stock splits,
recapitalizations and the like)), voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common
Stock basis (such percentage constituting a “Qualified Vote”), a “Liquidation” shall mean a
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation or a consolidation or merger of the
Corporation with or into any other corporation or corporations or any other corporate
reorganization, in which the shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such
consolidation, merger or reorganization, own less than fifty percent (50%) of the Corporation’s
equity securities immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization, or a sale of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation by the Corporation or its shareholders, or a
transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting
power of the Corporation is disposed of; provided, however, neither (i) the issuance and sale of
shares of Series B’ Preferred Stock pursuant to that certain Series B’ Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement dated on or about March 27, 2008 (the “Series B’ Purchase Agreement’), together
with all subsequent closings thereunder, and the transactions contemplated thereby (together, the
“Series B’ Preferred Financing”) nor (ii) any other bona fide equity financing by the
Corporation primarily for capital raising purposes that has been approved by the Board of
Directors shall be deemed to constitute a Liquidation.

MP1:1013058.7 3
4. Any securities to be delivered to the holders of the Preferred Stock and/or
Common Stock pursuant to this Article TV_B. shall be valued as follows:

(a) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

9) If traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange over the 30-day
period ending three (3) business days prior to the closing;

(ii) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three (3)
business days prior to the closing; and

Gii) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the
fair market value thereof, as mutually determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and the
holders of at least a majority of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation.

(b) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on.free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount, as determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors, from the market value determined as above in sub-
sections 4(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof.

C. Voting Rights.

1. General. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which each such share
of Preferred Stock is convertible on the record date for the vote or consent of shareholders and
shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of the
Common Stock. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any
shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation and shall vote with the
holders of the Common Stock upon any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, except those
matters required by law to be submitted to a class vote or as otherwise provided in Sections F or
G of this Article IV. Fractional votes shal] not, however, be permitted, and any fractional voting
rights resulting from application of the above voting formula (after aggregating all shares into
which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the
nearest whole number (with one half being rounded upward).

2. Election of Directors.

(a) At each election of the Corporation’s directors, (i} so long as at
such time there remains outstanding an aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the
Series B’ Preferred Stock that was issued and outstanding as of May 30, 2008 {as adjusted for
any stock dividends, combinations, stock splits, reverse stock splits, recapitalizations and the
like), the holders of the Series B’ Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class) shall elect
one (1) director; (ii) so long as at such time there remains outstanding an aggregate of twenty-
five percent (25%) or more of the Series A’ Preferred Stock that was issued and outstanding as
of May 30, 2008 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, stock splits, reverse stock

MP1:1013058.7 4
splits, recapitalizations and the like), the holders of the Series A’ Preferred Stock (voting
together as a single class) shall elect five (5) directors; and (iii) the holders of Common Stock
{voting together as a single class) shall elect one (1) director.

(>) Notwithstanding any Bylaw provisions to the contrary, the
shareholders entitled to elect a particular director shall- be entitled to remove such director or to
fill a vacancy in the seat formerly held by such director, all in accordance with the applicable
provisions under California law.

D. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows:

1. Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office
of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as provided herein. The number of shares of Common
Stock to which a holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled upon conversion of a share of
Preferred Stock shall be determined by dividing (i) in the case of the Series A’ Preferred Stock, a
per share amount equal to $0.397032 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, stock
splits, reverse stock splits, recapitalizations and the like) (hereafter such amount is referred toras
the “Original Series A’ Issue Price”) by the Conversion Price for the Series A’ Preferred Stock,
determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for
conversion; and (ii) in the case of the Series B’ Preferred Stock, a per share amount equal to
$0,6826 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, stock splits, reverse stock splits,
recapitalizations and the like) (hereafter such amount is referred to as the “Original Series B’
Issue Price’) by the Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The conversion price
as it applies to each series of Preferred Stock shall be referred to as the “Conversion Price.” The
initial Conversion Price per share for shares of Series A’ Preferred Stock shall be the Original
Series A’ Issue Price, and the initial Conversion Price per share for shares of Series B’ Preferred
Stock shall be the Original Series B’ Issue Price, subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.

2. Automatic and Special Mandatory Conversions.

(a) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock, together
with any declared and unpaid dividends on such Preferred Stock, shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at its respective Conversion Price at the time in effect
for such series of Preferred Stock immediately upon the earlier of (i) the sale of the
Corporation’s Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the public offering
price of which ts not less than $2.0478 per share {as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, stock splits, reverse stock splits, recapitalizations and the like) and with gross
proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $30,000,000 in the aggregate (the “Qualified Public
Offering’’) or (ii) the date upon which the Corporation obtains a Qualified Vote approving such
conversion.

(b) Special Mandatory Conversion.

MP1:3013058.7 5
(i) For purposes of this Section D.2(b) and Section D.3 below
only, the terms “Investor” and “Second Closing” shall have the meanings given to them in the
Series B’ Purchase Agreement.

(ii} In the event that an Investor, or an Affiliate or designee of
such Investor, does not purchase all of the shares of Series B’ Preferred Stock set forth opposite
such Investor's name on Exhibit A to the Series B’ Purchase Agreement under the heading
“Second Closing,” at or before the Second Closing, then such Investor and each of its Affiliates
or designees shall be deemed a “Non-Participating Investor.” For purposes of this Section
D.2(b), “Affiliate” shall mean any entity or individual which controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with an Investor.

(iii) Effective upon, subject to and concurrently with the Second
Closing, each share of Series B’ Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, stock splits, reverse stock splits, recapitalizations and the like) held by each Non-
Participating Investor as of immediately prior to the Second Closing shall automatically, and
without any further action on the part of such Non-Participating Investor, be converted into
shares of Common Stock at a Conversion Price equal to the Original Series B’ Issue Price. The
mechanics of such conversion shall be accomplished in accordance with Section D.3 below.

Following the Second Closing, this Section D.2(b) shall terminate and no longer apply to any
issuances of equity securities by the Company.

3. Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor,
he shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the
. Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same; provided, however, that in
the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section D.2 above, the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of
such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the
Corporation or its transfer agent, and provided further that the Corporation shall not be obligated
to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic
conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered
to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation
or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an
agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred
by it in connection with such certificates. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after
such delivery, or such agreement and indemnification in the case of a lost certificate, issue and
deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock to which the holder shall! be entitled and a check payable to
the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional
shares of Common Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted; in the case of automatic conversion pursuant to Section D.2(a) above, on the date of
closing of the Qualified Public Offering or at the close of business on the date of a vote or
_ written consent to conversion; or, in the case of a mandatory conversion pursuant to Section
D.2(b) above, upon the Second Closing, whichever may be applicable, and the person or persons

MP1:1013058.7 6
entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated
for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

4, Fractional Shares. In lieu of any fractional shares of Common Stock to
which the holder of Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled upon conversion pursuant to this
Article IV.D., the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair market
value of one share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be
determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock of each holder at the
time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such aggregate conversion.

5, Adjustment of Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of each series of
Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(a) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time
after the date of original filing of these Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation is
increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or by a subdivision or split-up
of shares of Common Stock, then, on the date such payment is made or such change is effective,
the applicable Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropniately
decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of
Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares.

(b) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time
aftcr the date of original filing of these Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation is
decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a
combination that applies to both outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock),
then, following the record date of such combination, the applicable Conversion Price of each
series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in
proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares. :

(c) Incase the Corporation shall declare a cash dividend upon its
Common Stock payable otherwise than out of retained earnings or shall distribute to holders of
its Common Stock shares of its capital stock (other than Common Stock), stock or other
securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons,
assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights (excluding options to purchase and rights
to subscribe for Common Stock or other securities of the Corporation convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock), then, in each such case, the holders of the Preferred Stock
shall, concurrent with the distribution to holders of Common Stock, receive a like distribution
based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock is then
convertible.

(d) In case, at any time after the date hereof, of any capital
reorganization or any reclassification of the stock of the Corporation (other than as a result of a
stock dividend or subdivision, split-up or combination of shares), or the consolidation or merger
of the Corporation with or into another person (other than a consolidation or merger in which the

MP1:1013058.7 7
Corporation is the continuing entity and which does not result in any change in the Common
Stock), the shares of Preferred Stock shall, after such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition, be convertible into the kind and number of
shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise to which such
holder would have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition such holder had converted its shares of Preferred
Stock into Common Stock. The provisions of this clause (d) shal] similarly apply to successive
reorganizations, reclassification, consolidations, mergers, sales or other dispositions.

‘(e) All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest
cent or to the nearest one hundredth (1/100) ofa share, as the case may be.

6. Adjustments to Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock for
Certain Diluting Issues.

(a) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 6, the following
definitions apply:

(i) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock or Preferred Stock) or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or Preferred Stock.

(ii) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock, Preferred Stock or Convertible
Securities.

iit) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which a share
of Series B’ Preferred Stock was first issued.

(iv) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shal\ mean all
shares of Common Stock issued or, pursuant to Section IV.D.6(b), deemed to be issued by the
Corporation after the Onginal Issue Date, other than:

(A) _ shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of shares of Preferred Stock or the issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock;

(B) shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock issued
or issuable to officers, directors, or employees of, or consultants to, the Corporation pursuant to
stock purchase or stock option plans or other incentive plans, and which are approved by the
Board of Directors; .

(C) shares for which adjustment to the applicable
Conversion Price is made pursuant to Section 5{a); or

(D) — shares of Common Stock or Options issued to
financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit arrangements, equipment
financings or similar transactions or for the acquisition of technology or non-cash assets, subject
to approval by the Board of Directors.

MP1:1013058.7 8
(b) Deemed Issuance of Options and Convertible Securities. Ifthe
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date issues any Options or
Convertible Securities or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities entitled to receive any Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of
shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares
of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case a record date has been fixed, as
of the close of business on such record date.

(c} No Adjustment of Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred
Stock. Any provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment to the applicable
Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per share (determined pursuant to
Section 6(d) hereof) for an Additional Share of Common Stock issued by the Corporation is less
than the Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock in effect on the date of, and
immediately prior to, such issue.

(da) Adjustment of Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock
Upon Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Corporation shall issue
Additional Shares of Common Stock without consideration or for a consideration per share less
than the applicable Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock, as last adjusted and then
in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, the then
applicable Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with
such issuance, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such
Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be
(x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the
number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the
Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would
purchase at such Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior
to such issuance, and the denominator of which shall be (y) the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock so issued. For the purpose of the above calculation, the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue shall be calculated on a fully diluted
basis, as if all shares of Preferred Stock and all Convertible Securities had been fully converted
into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such issuance and any outstanding warrants,
options or other rights for the purchase of shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock or
Convertible Securities had been fully exercised immediately prior to such issuance (and the
resulting securities fully converted into shares of Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such
date, but not including in such calculation any additional shares of Common Stock issuable with
respect to shares of Preferred Stock, Convertible Securities, or outstanding options, warrants, or
other rights for the purchase of shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock or Convertible
Securities, solely as a result of the adjustment of the Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred
Stock (or other conversion ratios) resulting from the issuance of the Additional Shares of
Common Stock causing the adjustment in question.

MP1‘1013058.7 9
(e) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of the operation of
Section IV.D.6(d), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall:

(i) to the extent it consists of cash, be computed as the
aggregate amount of cash paid before deducting any reasonable brokerage or underwriting
commissions or other expense paid or incurred by the Corporation for the issuance and sale of
the securities: ,

(ii) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors;

(iii) if Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued together
with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration that covers
both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (i)
and (ii) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors; and

(iv) for Options and Convertible Securities, be the sum of the
values of (x) the cash and property to be paid to the Corporation for the issue of such Options
and Convertible Securities, if any, and (y) the cash and property payable to the Corporation upon
the exercise in full of such Options or the full conversion of such Convertible Securities, if any.

( Calculation of Per Share Amount. The number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued upon the issuance or deemed issuance of a
Convertible Security shall be the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion in full of such Convertible Security as set forth in the instrument relating thereto
without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent increase in the number of
shares issuable or decrease in the amount of consideration payable upon the exercise, conversion,
or exchange thereof.

(g) Recomputation of Adjustment as a Result of Changes in Options or

Convertible Securities. If an Option or Convertible Security by its terms provides, with the
passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable to the Corporation or
in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion, or exchange
thereof, the Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock computed upon the original
issuance or deemed issuance thereof, and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall each
be recomputed, upon any such change becoming effective, to reflect such change insofar as it
-affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities.

(bh) Recomputation of Adjustment as a Result of Expiration of Options
or Conversion. Upon the expiration of any Options or any rights of conversion or exchange
under Convertible Securities that have not been exercised or converted, the Conversion Price for
the Series B’ Preferred Stock computed upon the original issuance or deemed issuance thereof,
and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall each be recomputed, upon such expiration,
as if (i) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for Common Stock, the only Additional
Shares of Common Stock issued were shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued upon the

MP1:1013058.7 10
exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities and the
consideration received therefor was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for
the issuance of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration actually
received by the Corporation upon such exercise, or for the issuance of all such Convertible
Securities that were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any,
actually received by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and (ii) in the case of
Options for Convertible Securities, only the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon
the exercise thereof were issued at the time of issuance or deemed issuance of such Options, and
the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for
the issuance of a]! such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration deemed to have

been received by the Corporation upon the issuance of the Convertible Securities with respect to
which such Options were actually exercised. :

7. Limitation on Readjustments.

(a) Readjustment of Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred
Stock. No readjustment pursuant to Section IV.D. hereof shall have the effect of increasing the

applicable Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock to an amount that exceeds the
lower of (a) the applicable Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock immediately
before the issuance or deemed issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities or (b) the
applicable Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock that would have resulted from any
issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the date immediately before the

issuance or deemed issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities and such readjustment
date,

(b} No Adjustment Upon Issuance of Shares Deemed Outstanding. No
adjustment in the Conversion Price for the Series B’ Preferred Stock shall be made upon the

actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if such shares are already deemed issued
at the time of such issuance.

8. Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the applicable Conversion Price pursuant to this Section IV.D., the Corporation
at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate certified by the
Corporation’s chief financial officer setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing
in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shal],
upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock furnish or cause to be
furmished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments,
(ii) the applicable Conversion Price in effect at that time, and (iii) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received
upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

9. No Impairment. The Corporation will not by amendment of its Articles of
Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger,
dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the

MP1:10{3058.7 1]
Corporation but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of
this Section IV.D. and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment;
provided, however, that nothing in this Section D.9 shall prohibit the Corporation from taking
any of the actions specified in Article IV.F. below provided the requisite vote required by Article
IVF. is obtained.

10. Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes
that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on
conversion of shares of Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be

liable for personal property taxes or personal income taxes attributable to the holders of Preferred
Stock upon conversion thereof.

11. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at
all times reserve and keep available out if its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock

solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock upon conversion thereof.

E. Repurchase of Common Shares. Each holder of an outstanding share of Preferred
Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California
General Corporation Law to distributions made by the Corporation in connection with the
repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, directors or consultants
upon termination of their employment, directorship or consultancy pursuant to agreements

providing for the right of such repurchase between the Corporation or a subsidiary and such
persons.

F, Protective Provisions. So long as any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
outstanding, the Corporation shall not without first obtaining a Qualified Vote (whether by
merger, recapitalization or otherwise):

(a) Alter or change the nghts, preferences or privileges of any series of
the Preferred Stock materially and adversely;

(b) Amend, alter, waive or repeal any provision of the Articles of
Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation in such a way as to adversely affect the rights,
preferences and privileges of any series of the Preferred Stock;

(c) Authorize, create, issue or designate, whether by reclassification or
otherwise, any new class or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity
securities of the Corporation ranking on a parity with or senior to any series of the Preferred
Stock in rights of conversion, redemption, liquidation preferences, voting or dividends or any
increase in the authorized or designated number of any such new class or series;

(4d) Consummate a Liquidation;
{e) Redeem or repurchase the Preferred Stock or the Common Stock

(except for acquisitions of Common Stock by the Corporation pursuant to agreements which

MP1:1013058.7 12
permit the Corporation to repurchase such shares upon termination of services to the Corporation
or a subsidiary or in exercise of the Corporation’s ri ght of first refusal upon a proposed transfer);

(f} Increase or decrease the authorized number of directors; or

(g) Enter into any agreement or commitment to take any of the actions
set forth in subsections (a) through (f) above.

G. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the Corporation
not expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested with the Common Stock.

Vv.

A. The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the Califomia Corporations Code) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with
agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, to the fullest extent
permissible under California law.

C. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article V shall

not adversely affect any right or protection of any agent of the Corporation existing at the time of
such amendment, repeal or modification. .

THREE: The foregoing Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have
been approved by the Board of Directors of said Corporation. .

FOUR: The foregoing Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been
duly approved by the required vote of the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903
of the California Corporations Code.

FIVE: The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment and restatement was 62,082,371 shares of Common Stock and 47,805,534
shares of Series A’ Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing
amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required, such required vote being (i) a majority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) a majority exceeding sixty-six and two-thirds percent
(66 2/3%) of the outstanding shares of Series A’ Preferred Stock and (iii) a majority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock and Series A’ Preferred Stock (voting together as a single
class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis).

MP1:1013058.7 13
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certificate on March

27, 2008.
Crane!

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

Warren T. Lazarow « _
Secretary

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that they have read the foregoing Third Amended and Restated Articles of
_Incorporation and know the contents thereof and that the statements therein are tme.

Executed at Sunnyvale, California, on March 2), 2008.

N Cone

Remmohan Varadarajan oo,
President

Warren T. Lazarow
Secretary

‘14
2} IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certificate on March
27, 2008.

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws.of the State of
California that they have read the foregoing Third Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation and know the contents thereof and that the statements therein are true:

Executed at Sunnyvale, California, on March 2, 2008.

Rammohan Varadarajan
President

14
