State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 03:45 PM 06/16/2006
FILED 03:26 PM 06/16/2006
SRV 060584278 - 3276012 FILE

EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
. ARCWAVE, INC.

Arcwave, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Company”) hereby certifies as follows:

A. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Company was filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 18, 2000 under its original
name of CoWave Networks, Inc.; the First Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
October 5, 2000, the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 24, 2001,
the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 11, 2002, the Fourth
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware on May 8, 2003, the Fifth Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of
Delaware on January 26, 2004; the Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on June 18,2004
aod the Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed
with the Secretary of State of Delaware on May 23, 2006.

B. —_ Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, this Fighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates
and amends the provisions of the Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company.

C. This Fighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incoiporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

D. This Eighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the written consent of the stockholders in accordance with Sections
228, 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

E. The Eighth Amended and Restated Ceatificate of Incorporation of the Company is
hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the Company is Arcwave, Inc.
ARTICLE I
The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or ectivity for which a

corporation may be organized under the Delaware Gene1al Corporation Law as the same exists
or may hereafter be amended.

TTT ree Ae am ma eR A = ON eG PN ae cence rene He Hise peetenevtenenent et stem patter uree nees ee me
ARTICLE III

The address of the registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware is
Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware
19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE IV

1, Reverse Stock Split. Effective upon the filing of this Eighth Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State, without further action
by the Company or any holders of its capital stock, (i) every one hundred (100) shares of
Common Stock of the Company then outstanding shall be automatically consolidated into one
(1) share of Common Stock of the Company, (ii) every one hundred (100) shares of Series AA
Preferred Stock of the Company then outstanding shall be automatically consolidated into one
(1)-share of Series AA Preferred Stock of the Company, and (iii) every one hundred (100) shares
of Series BB Preferred Stock of the Company then.outstanding shall be automatically
consolidated into one (1) share of Series BB Preferred Stock of the Company (the “Reverse
Stock Split”). No fractional shares shall be issued pursuant to the Reverse Stock Split. The
number of shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to the Reverse
Stock Split shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share and the Company shall pay cash in
lieu of any fractional shares to the holders of such shares in an amount equal to the fair market
value of such fractional shares as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company.

2. Authorized Stock. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The aggregate number of shares that the
Company shall have authority to issuc is 31,000,000 divided into 20,000,000 shares of Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 11,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001
per-share. The Preferred Stock shall be issued in two series, one of which shall be designated
“Series BB Preferred Stock” which shall consist of 3,000,000 shares and one of which shall be
designated “Series AA Preferred Stock” which shall consist of 8,000,000 shares.

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed upon the series
of Preferred Stock are as follows:

3. Definitions, For purposes of this Article, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) “Equity Security Issuance” shal] mean the sale of shares of (i) any
Common Stock, Preferred Stock or other equity security of the Company, (ii) any security
convertible, with or without consideration, into any Common Stock, Preferred Stock or other
equity security (including any option to purchase such a convertible security), (iii) any security
carrying any warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase any Common Stock, Preferred Stock or
other equity security or (iv) any such warrant or right.

(6) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $1.8571 per share for the
Series BB Preferred Stock and $1. 2046 per share for the Series AA Preferred Stock (as
appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization),

3441240 -2-
(c) “Original Issue Date” shal! mean, for the Series BB Preferred Stock, the
date upon which the first share of Series BB Preferred Stock has been issued and, for the
Series AA Preferred Stock, the date upon which the first share of Series AA Preferred Stock will
be issued following the filing of this Restated Certificate.

(d) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $1.2380 per share for the Series BB
Preferred Stock and $1.2046 per share for the Series AA Preferred Stock (in each case, as
appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization).

(e) “Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series BB Preferred Stock and the
Series AA Preferred Stock.

(f) “Qualifying Public Offering” shall mean a public offermg of Common
Stock registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which is (i) either the subject of a
firm underwriting commitment or an on-line offering pursuant to the Dutch-auction process;
provided that the aggregate gross proceeds to the Company are not less than $50,000,000 (before
deducting underwriting discounts, commissions or fees), (ii) at a per share price not less than
three times the Original Issue Price of the Series BB Preferred Stock and (iii) which results in a
listing of the Company’s Common Stock on a nationally recognized securities exchange 0 or the
NASDAQ National Market System.

(g)  “Recapitalization” shall mean any stock split, stock dividend,
combination, reclassifications or similar event occurring after the Original Issue Date for such
series of Preferred Stock.

(h) “Restated Certificate” shall mean this Eighth Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation.

4. Dividends.

(a) Series BB Dividend Preference. The holders of outstanding shares of
Series BB Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets at the time
legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend
(payable other than in Common Stock of this Company) on the Series AA Preferred Stock or
Common Stock of the Company at the rate of six percent (6%) of the Original Issue Price per
share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) per annum ,
when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board of Directors”);
provided, however, that the Board-of Directors is under no obligation to pay dividends to such
holders, and such dividends, if any, shall be noncumulative. No rights shall accrue to the holders
of the Series BB Preferred Stock if dividends are not declared in any prior year. Such dividends |
may be payable quarterly or otherwise as the Board of Directors may from time to time
_ determine.

(b) Series AA Dividend Preference. Subject to the rights of the Series BB
Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of Series AA Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to receive dividends, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock
of this Company) on the Common Stock of the Company at the rate of six percent (6%) of the

3441240 -3-
Original Issue Price per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or
the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series AA Preferred Stock, when, as and if
declared by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the Board of Directors is under no
obligation to pay dividends to such holders, and such dividends, if any, shall be noncumulative.
No rights shall accrue to the holders of the Series AA Preferred Stock if dividends are not
declared in any prior year. Such dividends may be payable quarterly or otherwise as the Board
of Directors may from time to time determine.

(c) Priority of Dividends. The Company shall make no Distribution (as
defined below) to the holders of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock or Common Stock in any
fiscal ycar unless and until dividends at the rate set forth in Subsection (a) above shall have been
paid upon all outstanding shares of Series BB Preferred Stock. Thereafter, the Company shall
make no Distribution to the holders of shares of Common Stock in any fiscal year unless and
until dividends at the rate set forth in Subsection (b) above shall have been paid upon all
outstanding shares of Series AA Preferred Stock. Thereafter, any additional dividends shall be
distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming conversion of all such
Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

(d) Distribution. As used in this Section, “Distribution” means the transfer
of cash or property without consideration, whether by way of dividend or otherwise (except a
" dividend payable in Common Stock of this Company) or the repurchase of shares of the
Company (other than (i) repurchases at cost of shares issued to or held by employees,
consultants, officers and directors upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to
agreements providing for the right of said repurchase or (ii) repurchases pursuant to contractual
rights of first refusal that are approved by the Company’ s Board of Directors) for cash or .
property.

5. Liquidation Rights. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of
the Company (or the deemed occurrence of such event pursuant to Subsection 5(c) below) (a
“Liquidation Event”), either voluntary or involuntary, distributions to the stockholders of the
Company shall be made in the following manner:

(a) | Amount of Liquidation Preference.

(i) The holders of the Series BB Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Company to the holders of the Series AA Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of their
ownership of such stock, the Liquidation Preference specified for each share of Series BB
Preferred Stock then held by them and, in addition, an amount equal to all accumulated but
unpaid dividends on such Series BB Preferred Stock.

If the assets and funds thus available for distribution among the holders of the Series BB
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of their full aforesaid
_ preferential amount, then the entire amount of the assets and funds of the Company legally
available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series BB
Preferred Stock in proportion to the aggregate Liquidation Preference, plus all accumulated and

3441240 «4.
unpaid dividends on the Series BB Preferred Stock, for the shares of such Preferred Stock owned
by each such holder.

(ii) | After payment has been made to the holders of Series BB Preferred
Stock of the full preferential amount set forth in Subsection 5(a){i) above, the holders of the
Series AA Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution
of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Company to the holders of the Common Stock by
reason of their ownership of such stock, the Liquidation Preference specified for each share of
Series AA Preferred Stock then held by them and, in addition, an amount equal to all declared
but unpaid dividends on such Series AA Preferred Stock.

If the assets and funds thus available for distribution among the holders of the Series AA
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of their full aforesaid
preferential amount, then the entire amount of the assets and funds of the Company legally
available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series AA
Preferred Stock in proportion to the aggregate Liquidation Preference, plus all declared and
unpaid dividends on the Series AA Preferred Stock, for the shares of such Preferred Stock owned
by each such holder. .

(b) Distribution after Payment of Liquidation Preference. After payment has
been made to the holders of the Preferred Stock of the full preferential amount set forth in
Subsection 5(a) above, the entire remaining assets and funds of the Company legally available
for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Preferred Stock and the
holders of Common Stock, subject to the limitations set forth below, in a manner such that the
amount distributed to each holder of Common Stock and-Preferred Stock shall equal the amount
obtained by multiplying the entire assets and funds of the Company legally available for
distribution pursuant to this Subsection 5(b) by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the
sum of the number of shares of Common Stock then held by the holder and the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock then held by the
holder, and the denominator of which shall be the sum of the total number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding and the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding.

(c) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 5, unless the holders of
at least cighty percent (80%) of the Series BB Preferred Stock then outstanding shall determine
otherwise, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company shall be deemed to be
occasioned by, or to include, (A) the acquisition of the Company by another entity by means of
any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any
reorganization, merger or consolidation) that results in the transfer of more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding voting power of the Company; or (B) a sale, lease, license, transfer or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (each of (A) and (B), an
“Acquisition or Asset Transfer”),

(d) Non-Cash Distribution. Whenever the distribution provided for in this
Section 5 shall be payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution
shall be the fair market value of such securities or other property as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors.

3441240 -5-
6. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time at the office of the Company or any transfer agent
for the Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock that is equal to the Original Issue Price divided by the appropriate “Conversion Price.”
The Conversion Price per share of the Series AA Preferred Stock shall be $1,2046 and shall be
subject to adjustment as provided herein. The initial Conversion Price per share of the Series BB
Preferred Stock shall be $1.2380 and shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein. The
number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of a series of Preferred Stock may be
converted is hereinafter referred to as the “Conversion Rate” for each such series. Upon any
decrease or increase in the Conversion Price or the Conversion Rate for a series, as described in
this Section 4, the corresponding Conversion Rate or Conversion Price for such series, as the

case may be, shall be appropriately increased or decreased.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate for such share
immediately upon the earlier of (i) the consummation of a Qualifying Public Offering and (ii)
with respect to all shares of Preferred Stock of a particular series, the date of written consent of
agreement of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the outstanding shares of such series
of Preferred Stock, voting together on an as-converted basis.

(c) | Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the
then fair market value of such fractional shares as determined by the Board of Directors of the
Company. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full
shares of Common Stock, and'to receive certificates therefor, he shall surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Company at such office that he elects to
convert the same; provided, however, that in the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to
Subsection 6(b) above, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent;
provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless either the certificates -
evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as
provided above, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates
have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to
indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates.

The Company shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or after such agreement
and indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled
as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the
result of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid

3441240 -6-
dividends on the converted Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been ~
made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of
Prefetred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date; provided, however, that if the
conversion is in connection with a public offering or a Liquidation Event, the conversion may, at
the option of any holder tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the
closing of the sale of securities pursuant to such public offering or Liquidation Event, in which
event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the
Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately
prior to the closing or consummation of the public offering or Liquidation Event.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments for Sales of Shares Below Conversion
Prices. The Conversion Prices of the Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time as follows:

(i) (A) Ifthe Company shall issue, after the Original Issue Date of
any series of Preferred Stock, any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or
for a consideration per share less than the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock in
effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to each such issuance for such series of Preferred Stock shall automatically
(except as otherwise provided in this Subsection 6(d)(i)) be adjusted to a price determined by
multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the “Outstanding
Common”) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration
received by the Company for such issuance would purchase at such Conversion Price; and (y)
the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common plus the
number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation, the term
“Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to
Subsection 6(d)(i)(E). .

(B) No adjustment of the Conversion Price for any series of
Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share; provided that any
adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried .
forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to three
years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shal! be
made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being
carried forward. Except to the limited extent provided for in Subsections 6(d)(i)(E)(3) and
6(d)(i)(E)(4), no adjustment of such Conversion Price pursuant to this Subsection 6(d)(i) shall
have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price for. such series of -
Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(C) In the case of the issuance of Additional Stock for cash, the
consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Company
for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

3441240 -7-
(D)In the case of the issuance of the Additional Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) In the case of the issuance (whether before, on or after the
applicable Original Issue Date) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock,
securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to
purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following
provisions shall apply for all purposes of Subsections 6(d)(i) and 6(d)(ii);

. (1) The aggregate maximum number of shares of ©
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
exercisability, including without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account
potential antidilution adjustments) of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for
a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in Subsections
6(d)(i)(C) and 6(d)()(D) hereof), if any, received by the Company upon the issuance of such
options or rights plus the minimum exercise price provided in such options or rights (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered thereby.

(2) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange (assuming the satisfaction of any
conditions to convertibility or exchangeability, including, without limitation, the passage of time, -
but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) for any such convertible or
exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall
be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights
were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the Company
for any such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of
accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be
’ received by the Company (without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon
the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related options or rights (the
consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in Subsections 6(d){i)(C)

and 6(d)(i)(D) hereof).

(3) Inthe event of any change in the number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Company upon exercise of
such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or exchangeable
securities (excluding a change'resulting from any antidilution provisions contained in such
options, rights or securities), the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock, to the extent
in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities, shall be recomputed
to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of
Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or
rights or the conversion or exchange of such securities.

3441240 ° -8-
(4) Upon the expiration of any such options or rights,
the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or
tights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price of any series
of Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or
securities or options or rights related to such securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the
issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable
securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights,
upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights
related to such securities.

(5) The number of shares of Common Stock deemed
issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Subsections 6(d)(i)(E)(1) and (2)
shall he appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type
described in either Subsection 6(d)(i)(E)(3) or (4).

(ii) “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock
issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 6(d)(i)(E)) by the Company after the
Original Issue Date of a series of Preferred Stock) other than:

(A)shares issued pursuant to a transaction described in Subsection
6(e) hereof;

(B) shares of Common Stock issued or authorized to be issued to
employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the Company or any subsidiary,
pursuant to the Company’s stock option plan in effect as of the date of the filing of this Restated
Certificate or such greater number of shares as are approved by the Series BB Preferred
Directors elected pursuant to Subsection 7(b) hereof;

(C) shares issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a
merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination that ate approved by the
Series BB Preferred Directors elected pursuant to Subsection 7(b) hereof;

(D) shares issued or issuable pursuant to any equipment leasing
arrangement, commercial credit arrangement or real property leasing transaction from a bank or
similar financial institution; provided that any such issuances are approved by the Company’s
Board of Directors;

(E) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon (i) conversion
of Preferred Stock; (ii) declaration and payment of any dividend on the Preferred Stock; (iii)
distribution to the holders of the Preferred Stock or (iv) exercise of warrants for the purchase of
Common Stock issued to holders of the Company’s Series BB Preferred Stock;

(F) shares of the Company’s Series BB Preferred Stock; and

(G) shares that are issued by the Company in a Qualifying Public
Offering. ,

3441240 -9-
 (e) ~~ Adjustments to Conversion Prices for Certain Combinations,
Distributions, Reclassifications and Reorganizations. The Conversion Prices of the Preferred
Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) | Adjustments for Subdivisions, Combinations or Consolidations of
Common Stock. If the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split,
stock dividend, or otherwise) into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion
Prices in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the effectiveness
of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. If the outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be combined or consolidated (by reclassification, reverse stock split or otherwise) into a
lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to
such combination or consolidation shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination
or consolidation, be proportionately increased.

(ii) | Adjustments for Other Distributions. If the Company at any time
or from time to time makes or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of Common
Stock entitled to receive any distribution payable in securities of the Company other than shares
of Common Stock and other than as otherwise adjusted in this Section 6, then and in cach such
event provision shall be made so that the holders of Preferred Stock shall receive upon such
distribution the amount of securities of the Company which they would have received had their
Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafter,
during the period from the date of such event to and including the date of conversion, retained
such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, subject to all other
adjustments called for during such period under this Section 6 with respect to the rights of the
holders of the Preferred Stock.

(iii) | Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. If
the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the
same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for above), the Conversion Prices then in effect shall, concurrently withthe
effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted such that the
Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock
which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of such
other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock that would
have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Preferred Stock immediately
before that change.

(iv) Reorganizations, Mergers or Consolidations. If at any time or
from time to time, there is a capital reorganization of the Common Stock or the merger or
consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation or another entity or person (other
than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer as defined in Subsection S(c) or a recapitalization,
subdivision, combination, reclassification, exchange or substitution of shares provided for
elsewhere in this Section 6), as a part of such capital reorganization, merger or consolidation,
provision shal! be made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to
receive upon conversion of the Preferred Stock held by them the number of shares of stock or
other securities or property of the Company to which a holder of the number of shares of

3441240 -10-
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such capital
reorganization, merger or consolidation. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made
in the application of the provisions of this Section 6 with respect to the rights of the holders of
Preferred Stock after the capital reorganization, merger or consolidation to the end that the
provisions of this Section 6 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the
number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock) shalt be applicable after that
event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

69) No Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, merger,
consolidation, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek
to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Company but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 6 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock
against impairment.

(g) Certificate as to Adjustments, Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of any Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 6, the Company at its expense
shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and
furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based. The Company-shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred
Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such
adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Prices at the time in effect, and (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of Preferred Stock.

_ (h) ~~ Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares.of Common Stock
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Company will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose,
including without limitation using its best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval for
any necessary amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation.

7. Voting.

(a) Generally, Except as otherwise required by law, each holder of any shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding shall have one vote for each outstanding share of .
Common Stock held. Except as set forth in Subsection 7(d) hereof, and otherwise as required
by law, each holder of any shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding shall be entitled to
the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such respective

3441240 -11-
shares of Preferred Stock could be converted, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with
Section 6 hereof, at the record date for determination of the stockholders entitled to vote on such
matters, or, if no such record date is established, at the date such vote is taken or any written
consent of stockholders is solicited, such votes to be counted together with all other shares of
stock of this Company having general voting power and not separately as a class. Fractional
votes shall not however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above
formula (after aggregating al! shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder
could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (one-half and greater being
rounded upward). Holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of
any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of this Company. Subject to the
requirements of Section 8(b)(vi), the number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be
increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding)
by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation,
voting as a single class. All holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote with the holders
of Common Stock on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, except those required
hereunder or by law to be submitted to a class vote.

(b) Election of Series BB Preferred Director by Series BB Preférred
Stockholders. For so long as at least 100,000 shares of Series BB Preferred Stock (as adjusted
for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reverse stock splits, combinations or the
like) remain outstanding, the holders of Series BB Preferred Stock (voting together as a separate
series, and on an as-converted basis) shall be entitled to elect three (3) directors of the Company
(the “Series BB Preferred Director”) at each annual or special election of directors.

(c) Election of Common Director by Common Stockholders. The holders of
the outstanding Common Stock (voting separately as a class) shall be entitled to elect one (1)
director of the Company (the “Common Director”) at each annual or special meeting of the
stockholders for the purpose of electing directors or pursuant to each consent of this Company’ s
stockholders for the election of directors; provided that such Common Director shall be
whomever is elected by the Board of Directors from time to time to the office of Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, duly elected in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company.

(d) = Election of Joint Director by Stockholders. The holders of the outstanding
Common Stock and Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class on an as converted to .
Common Stock basis) shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Company (the “Joint
Director”) at each annual or special meeting of the stockholders for the purpose of electing
directors or pursuant to each consent of this Company’s stockholders for the election of
directors; provided that such director is independent and is mutually acceptable to a majority of
the members of the Board of Directors.

(e) Vacancy. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring
among the directors so elected by the holders of a class of stock pursuant to Subsection 7(b), (c),
(d) or (e) hereof, the remaining directors so elected by that class may, by affirmative vote (or the
remaining director so elected if there be but one, or if there are no such directors remaining, by
vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of that class or series), elect a successor or
successors to hold office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or places
shall be vacant.

3441240 -12-
— (f) Removal. Any director who was elected by a specified class or classes of
stock or series thereof may be removed during his or her term of office, either for or without
cause, by, and only by, the affirmative vote of a majority of the holders of the shares of the class
or classes of stock or series thereof that initially elected such director. Such vote may be given at
a special meeting of such stockholders duly called or by an action by written consent for that
purpose.

8. Protective Provisions.

(a) NoSeries Voting. Other than as provided herein or by law, there shall be
no voting by a series-of the Preferred Stock as a separate class.

(b) Approval by Series BB Preferred Stock. For so long as 100,000 shares
(subject to appropriate adjustment for any Recapitalization) of the Series BB Preferred Stock
shall be issued and outstanding, the Company shall not, either directly or by amendment, merger,
consolidation, or otherwise, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent as
provided by law) of the holders of not less than 66 2/3% of the voting power of the shares of the
Series BB Preferred Stock then outstanding:

6) waive, alter, amend or repeal any provision of, or add any
provision to, the Company’s Restated Certificate or Bylaws if such action would adversely alter
or affect the preferences, rights, privileges, or powers of, or the restrictions provided for the
benefit of, the Series BB Preferred Stock; .

(ii) __ sell, license, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
of the assets, intellectual property or business of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company;
or merge itself or any subsidiary of the Company into or consolidate itself or any subsidiary of
the Company with any other corporation (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation); or
effect a reorganization or conversion of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company; or
effect any transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power of the Company is disposed of; or cause any subsidiary of the Company to be
less than wholly-owned by the Company;

(iii) —_ liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the Company;

(iv) declare or pay any dividend with respect to Common Stock or
Preferred Stock ranking junior to the Series BB Preferred Stock in right of redemption,
liquidation preference, voting or dividends;

(v) redeem, repurchase or otherwise reacquire any shares of Common
Stock or Preferred Stock ranking junior to the Series BB Preferred Stock in right of redemption,
liquidation preference, voting or dividends, other than in connection with agreements with
service providers providing for such repurchase upon the termination of services rendered
thereunder approved by the Board of Directors,

(vi) increase or decrease (other than by redemption or conversion) the
authorized number of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock of the Company;

3441240 -13-
(vii) sell shares of Series BB Preferred Stock (other than pursuant to the
terms and conditions of the Series BB Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, as it may hereafter ©
be amended from time to time);

(viti) authorize or designate, whether by reclassification or otherwise,
any new class or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity securities of the
Company ranking senior to or pari passu with the Series BB Preferred Stock in right of
redemption, liquidation preference, voting, dividends or otherwise;

(ix) create any subsidiary or sell or issue equity interests in, or permit
any subsidiary of the Company to sell or issue any equity interests in, any subsidiary of the
Company to any party other than the Company;

(x) change the number of directors that will constitute the whole Board
of Directors of the Company to a number other than five (5);

(xi) _ effect a reclassification or recapitalization of the outstanding
capital stock of the Company

(xii) materially change the Company’s principal line of business or
business model;

(xiii) permit the Company to assume more than $500,000 in
indebtedness on an individual or cumulative basis;

(xiv) authorize the Company to seek bankruptcy protection, make an
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or otherwise attempt a similar restructuring of the
Company’s obligations;

(xv) authorize the Company to enter into or amend any material
contract with any officer, director, stockholder or other affiliate of the Company;

(xvi) take any action that results in any acquisition of the stock or all, or
substantially all, of the assets of any other entity for a purchase price of $1,000,000 or more;

(xvii) pledge all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or
(xviii) amend this Subsection 8(b). .

9. Notices. Any notice, demand, offer, request or other communication required or
‘permitted to be given by the Company to the holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Article
IV shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given the earlier of (i) when received, (it)
when delivered personally, (iii) one (1) business day after being delivered by facsimile or
electronic mail (with receipt of appropriate confirmation), (iv) one (1) business day after being
. deposited with an overnight courier service or (v) four (4) days after being deposited in the U.S.
mail, First Class with postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s
address appearing on the books of the Company. _

3441240 «14.
10. Status of Converted Stock. In case any shares of Preferred Stock shall be:
converted pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and shall not
be issuable by the Company. This Restated Certificate shall be appropriately amended to effect
the corresponding reduction in the Company’s authorized capital stock.

11. Redemption.
(a) _ Reserved.
(b) Preferred Stock.

(i) | Redemption Date and Price. At any time after the fifth anniversary
of the effective date of this Restated Certificate, but after receipt by the Company of a written
request (a “Redemption Election”) from the holders of not less than eighty percent (80%) of the
then outstanding Preferred Stock that all of the shares of such series be redeemed, the Company
shall, to the extent it may lawfully do so, redeem, in accordance with the procedures set forth in
this Section 11(b), the number of shares specified in the Redemption Election in three equal
annual installments, commencing on a date within 30 days of the date of the Redemption
Election and continuing thereafter on each of the two following anniversaries of such date (each,
a “Redemption Date”), by paying in cash therefor, a sum per share equal to the applicable
Original Issue Price per share of such Preferred Stock (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassifications or the like) plus all declared but unpaid dividends on such shares (the
“Redemption Price”).

(ii) Number of Shares, The number of shares of Preferred Stock that
the Company shall be required under this Section 11(b) to redeem on any one Redemption Date
shall be equal to the amount determined by dividing (i) the aggregate number of shares of such
series outstanding immediately prior to such Redemption Date by (ii) the number of remaining
Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). Any
redemption effected pursuant to this Section 11(b) shall be made on a pro rata basis among the
holders of the applicable series of Preferred Stock based upon the total Redemption Price
applicable to each holder’s shares of the applicable series of Preferred Stock.

(iii) Procedure. At least 15 but no morc than 30 days prior to each
Redemption Date, written notice shall be mailed, first class postage prepaid, to each holder of
record (at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is
given) of the applicable series of Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at the address last shown on
the records of the Company for such holder, notifying such holder of the redemption to be
effected, specifying the number of shares to be redeemed from such holder, the Redemption
Date, the applicable Redemption Price, the place at which payment may be obtained and calling
upon such holder to surrender to the Company, in the manner and at the place designated, such
holder’s certificate or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed (the “Redemption
Notice”). Except as provided in Section 11(b)(iv), on or after the Redemption Date, each holder
of Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender to the Company the certificate or certificates
representing such shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice,
_ and thereupon the applicable Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the
person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each

3441240 -15-
surrendered certificate shall be cancelled. In the event less than all the shares represented by any
such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed
shares.

(iv) Effect of Redemption: Insufficient Funds. From and after a
Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price, all
rights of the holders of shares of Preferred.Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption
Notice relating to such Redemption Date (except the right to receive the applicable Redemption
Price without interest upon surrender of their certificate or certificates) shall cease with respect to
such shares, and such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the Company or
be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Company legally
available for redemption of shares of Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to
redeem the total number of shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds
which are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares
ratably among the holders of such shares to be redeemed based upon the total Redemption Price
applicable to each such holder’s shares of Preferred Stock which are subject to redemption on —
such Redemption Date. The shares of Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain outstanding
and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time thereafter when
additional: funds of the Company are legally available for the redemption of shares of Preferred
Stock, such funds will immediately be used.to redeem the balance of the shares which the
Company has become obliged to redeem on any Redemption Date but which it has not
redeemed.

10. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of this Company
not expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested in the Common Stock.

ARTICLE V

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of
Directors of the Company is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of
the Company, but the stockholders may make additional Bylaws and may alter ¢ or repeal any
Bylaw whether adopted by them or otherwise.

ARTICLE VI

The election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Company
shall so provide.

ARTICLE VI
The number of directors that will constitute the whole Board of Directors of the Company
shall be determined in the manner and set forth in the Bylaws of the Company, subject, however
to the provisions of Article IV, Section 7 above.
ARTICLE VIII

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the
Bylaws may provide. The books of the Company may be kept (subject to any provisions

3441240 al 6-
- contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be
designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Company.

ARTICLE IX

To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law or any other
applicable law as now in effect or as it may hereafter be amended, a director of the Company
shall not be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for any
action taken, or any failure to take any action, as a dircctor.

The Company shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person made or
threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative
or investigative, by reason of the fact that he or she or his or her testator or intestate is or was a
director or officer of the Company or any predecessor of the Company or serves or served any
other enterprise as a director, officer, employee or agent at the request of the Company or any
predecessor to the Company, -

Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the adoption of any provision of
this Company’s Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Article, shall eliminate or reduce the
effect of this Article in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim
accruing or arising or that, but for this Article, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment,
repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE X

Except as provided in Article IX above, the Company reserves the right to amend, alter,
change or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate, in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted
subject to this reservation. , .

ARTICLE XI
The Company is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE XII

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this Company and its
creditors or any class of them and/or between this Company and its stockholders or any class of
them, any-court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in
a summary way of this Company or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application
of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Company under the provisions of Section 291 of
Title 8 of the Delaware Code or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or
receivers appointed for this Company under the provisions of Section 279 of Title 8 of the
Delaware Code, order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders
or class of stockholders of this Company, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as
the said court directs. If a majority in number representing three-fourths (3/4) in value of the
creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this
Company, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any

3441240 ~|7-
reorganization of this Company as consequence of such compromise or arrangement, the said
compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which
the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on
all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of this Company, as the case may be, and also on
this Company.

3441240 -18-
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Arcwave, Inc. has caused this Restated Certificate to be
signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company as of June 16, 2006.

ARCWAVE, INC.

By: /s/ WILLIAM SICKLER
William Sickler

Chief Executive Officer

~19-
