A0675070
241747 FILED

In the Office of the Secretary of Stata
nthe of the State of Califomia
THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED APR 0 2 2008
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF

ARCXIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES

The undersigned, Howard D. Goldstein and Matthew B. Hemington, hereby certify that:

l. They are the duly elected and acting President and Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, .
respectively, of Arcxis Biotechnologies. a California corporation.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to read in
full as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is Arcxis Biotechnologies (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE II

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation
may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the banking business. the
trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be incorporated by the California
Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respectively. “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the
Corporation is authorized to issue is 59,586,259 shares, each with a par value of $0.00] per share.

36,000,000 shares shall be Common Stock and 23,586,259 shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock

authorized by these Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the “Restated Articles”) may
be issued from time to time in one or more series. 6,586,259 shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated
“Series A Preferred Stock”. 17,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A-!
Preferred Stock”. The Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-I Preferred Stock shall collectively be
referred to hereinafter as “Series Preferred Stock”. The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions
granted to and imposed on the Series Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article I1I(B).

1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series A-] Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available
therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Common Stock of
the Corporation, at the rate of $0.0306 per share and $0.0356 per share, respectively, (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) per annum on each outstanding share, of Series
Preferred, payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such dividends shall not
be cumulative, After payment of such dividends, any additional dividends shall be distributed among the
holders of Series Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common
Stock then held by each holder (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

702604 VIAN
2, Liquidation.

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders
of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to $0.380 per share
and $0.445 per share, respectively, (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the
like) for each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-] Preferred Stock then held by them, plus
declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed
among the holders of the Series Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such
holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series Preferred
Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distribution required by
Section 2(a) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to shareholders shall
be distributed among the holders of the Series Preferred Stock and the Common Stock pro rata based on
the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Series Preferred
Stock into Common Stock) until the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock
shall have received an aggregate of $3.80 per share and $4.45 per share, respectively, (as adjusted for
stack splits, stock dividends. reclassifications or the like) of Series Preferred Stock then held by them
(including amounts paid pursuant to Section 2(a) above); thereafter, subject to the rights of series of
Preferred Stock that may from time to time come into existence, if assets remain in the Corporation, the
holders of the Common Stock of the Corporation shall receive all of the remaining assets of the
Corporation pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

(c) Waiver of Rights. Notwithstanding, the foresaid, the holders of Series
Preferred may elect to waive their liquidation rights under sections 2(a) and (b)-and instead participate on
the basis of their percentage of stock ownership in the Corporation (assuming conversion of all such
Series Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

(d) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2. a
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if the Corporation
shall sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property, assets or business, merge
with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited liability company or other entity (other
than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation), or effect a reorganization of the Company, unless the
holders of at least 66.6% of the Series Preferred Stock elect not to treat the transaction as a Liquidation
Transaction (any such transaction, unless elected otherwise, a “Liquidation Transaction”), provided,
however, that none of the following shall be considered a Liquidation Transaction: (i) a merger effected
exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation, (ii) a bona fide equity financing
for the purpose of raising capital in which the Corporation is the surviving corporation, or (iii) a
transaction in which the shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction own 50% or
more of the voting stock of the surviving corporation following the transaction. -

(ii) Valuation of Consideration. [In the event of a deemed

liquidation as described in Section 2(d)(i) above. if the consideration received by the Corporation is other
than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

702604 vI/HN
(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The Nasdaq
Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on the formula specified in the definitive agreements
for the Liquidation Transaction or, if no such formula exists, then the value of such securities shall be
based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange or Nasdaq over a specified time period;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on the formula specified in the definitive agreements for the Liquidation Transaction or, if
no such formula exists, then the value of such securities shall be based on a formula approved by the
Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid or sales prices (whichever is applicable) for such
securities over a specified time period; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue
of a shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from
the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(d)iiMA) to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(iii) | Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation shall give

each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation Transaction not
later than 10 days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such Liquidation Transaction, or

- 10 days-prior-to the closing-of-such-Liquidation: Transaction,- whichever is- earlier, and shall also: notify -~ -

such holders in writing of the final approval of such Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices
shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the
provisions of this Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any
material changes. Unless such notice requirements are waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall not take
place sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner
than 10 days after the Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Restated Articles, all notice periods or requirements in
these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived, either before or after the action for which notice is
required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock that are entitled to such notice rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of this
Section 2(d) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing of the
Liquidation Transaction 1o be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been complied
with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights. preferences, privileges and
restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the first notice referred to in Section

2(d){iii).

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable: provided, however, that if
at any Ume after the date hereof the Corporation shall grant redemption rights to any class or series of
stock, then the Company shall grant the Series Preferred Stock the same or superior redemption rights
pursuant to an amendment and/or restatement of these Restated Articles.

oP)

702604 vUHN
4. Conversion. The holders of the Series Preferred Stock shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights’):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at
any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for
such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined
by dividing $0.380 and $0.445, respectively. by the Conversion Price applicable to such share,
determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The
initial Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be $0.380. The initial Conversion
Price for the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be $0.445. Such initial Conversion Price shall be subject to
adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

({b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in effect for
such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) immediately prior to the closing of the Corporation’s sale
of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). the public offering price of
which is not less than $1.78 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the
like) and which results in aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $20,000,000 (net of
underwriting discounts and commissions) (a “Qualifying IPO”) or (ii) the date specified by written
consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series Preferred
Stock.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder who desires to convert shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed (or a reasonably acceptable affidavit and
indemnity undertaking in the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate), at the office of the
Corporation or-of any transfer agent for such-series of Preferred Stock. and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the
name or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of
Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number
of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid, and a certificate for the
remaining number of shares of Series Preferred Stock if less than all of the Series Preferred Stock
evidenced by the certificate were surrendered. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on (i) the date of such surrender of the shares of such series of
Preferred Stock to be converted or (ii) if applicable, the date of automatic conversion specified in Section
4(b) above, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common
Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten public offering of securities
registered pursuant to the Securities Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such
Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of
securities pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until
immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock

shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

702604 v1l/HN
(i) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price . If the
Corporation should issue, at any time after the date upon which any shares of Series Preferred Stock were
first issued (the “Purchase Date”), any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the Series Preferred Stock Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Series Preferred Stock Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically be adjusted as set forth in this Section 4(d)(i),
unless otherwise provided in this Section 4(d)(i).

{A) Adjustment Formula. Whenever the Conversion Price
is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new Series Preferred Stock Conversion Price shall be
determined by multiplying the Series Preferred Stock Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
such issuance (the “Qutstanding Common”) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the
aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would purchase at such
Conversion Price: and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding
Common plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation,
the term “Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to
Section 4(d)(i)(E) below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For purposes of this
Section 4(d){i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or deemed to have
been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase Date) other than:

(1) Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d){ii) hereof;

(2) Common Stock issued or issuable to employees.
officers;-or consultants. of the Corporation- or- other persons- performing: services-for-the Corporation;
directly or pursuant to a stock option plan, equity grants or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of
Directors;

(3) Capital stock, or options or warrants to purchase
capital stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit
arrangements, equipment financings, or commercial property lease transactions;

(4) Common Stock or Preferred Stock issuable upon
exercise of warrants, notes, or other convertible securities outstanding as of the date of these Restated
Articles:

(5S) Capital stock, or options or warrants to purchase
capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers, strategic partnerships or similar
transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(6) Common Stock issued upon conversion of the
Series Preferred Stock; o

(7) Common Stock issued or issuable in a public
offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock will be converted
to Common Stock;

702604 VIAHN
(8) Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity as a
component of a strategic alliance with such entity for the purpose of (A) joint venture. technology
licensing or development activities, (B) distribution. supply or manufacture of the Corporation's products
or services or (C) any other arrangements involving corporate partners that are primarily for purposes
other than raising capital, the terms of which business relationship with such entity are approved by the
Board of Directors:

(9) Common Stock issuéd or issuable with the
affirmative vote of at least 51% of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a
class; and

(10) Convertible securities (and Preferred Stock
issuable thereunder and Common Stock issuable under conversion of such Preferred Stock) issued
pursuant to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement. dated on or about April 3. 2008, by and
among the Company and the persons and entities whose names are set forth on the Schedule of
Purchasers attached thereto, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time.

(C) Threshold of Fractional Adjustments. No adjustment
of the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent
per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this sentence
shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to
three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward. or shall be made
at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of the
issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid
therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or
incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale
thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a consideration in whole or in part other
than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by
the Board of Directors irrespective of any accounting treatment. before deducting any .reasonable
discounts. commissions or other expenses allowed. paid or incurred by the Corporation for any
underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case of
the issuance (whether before, on or after the applicable Purchase Date) of securities or rights convertible
into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock

(the “Common Stock Equivalents’). the following provisions shall apply for all purposes of this
Section 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any
conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including. without limitation. the passage of
time, but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) of any Common Stock
Equivalents and subsequent conversion. exchange or exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued
at the time such securities were issued or such Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a
consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and
related Common Stock Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or
accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation
(without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise

702604 vI/HN
of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner

provided in Section 4(d)(i)(D)).

(2) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon conversion,
exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents including, but not limited to, a change resulting
from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of each of the Series Preferred Stock, to the
extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed
to reflect such change. but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock
or any payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stack
Equivalents.

(3) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents. the Conversion Price
of each of the Series Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such
Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of
Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain convertible, exchangeable or exercisable)
actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) The number of shares of Common Stock deemed
issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)(1) shall be appropriately
adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in either
Section 4(d)(i)(EX2) or 4(d)(i)E)(3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price, Notwithstanding any
other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(d)(i)(E)(2) and 4(d\i)(E)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4(d)(i)

- shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately-—
prior to such adjustment.

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation

should at any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to
receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such holder for the
additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of
such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of each
series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each share of such series shal! be increased in proportion to such increase of the
aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock
Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined
from time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for
each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in outstanding shares.

702604 vI/HN
(ce) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of assets transaction provided for
elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2 of this Article III(B)) payable in securities of other persons,
evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends)
or options or rights not referred to in Section 4(d)(i) or 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of
this Section 4(¢), the holders of each series of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of
any such distribution as though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the
determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision. combination or merger or sale of assets
transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Section 2 of this Article III(B)) provision shall be
made so that the holders of each series of Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the
Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have
been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the
application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of such Preferred
Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the
Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred
Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation shall not, through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but wil] at all times in good faith assist in carrying
out all provisions of this Section 4 and in taking all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) The Corporation shall not issue fractional shares upon the
conversion of any share or shares of any series of Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the
Corporation shall pay cash in an amount equal to the fair value of such fractional shares, based on the fair
market value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of conversion as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors. The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis
of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock
and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

(ii) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the
Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its
expense. shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof
and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment
or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based.
The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of any series of Preferred Stock,
furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and
readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of a share of such series of Preferred Stock.

702604 vIUHIN
(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Corporation
of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who
are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other securities or
property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail to each holder of Preferred Stock, at
least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is
to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such
dividend, distribution or right. :

Gg) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation

shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of each series of Preferred Stock: and if at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of such series of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the
holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of
its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number
of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to
obtain the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these Restated Articles,

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to be
given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States
mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address appearing on the books of the
Corporation.

5. Voting Rights,

(a) Except as expressly provided by these Articles or as provided by law, the
holders of Series Preferred Stock shall have the same voting rights as the holders of Common Stock and
shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ mecting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation,
and the holders of Common Stock and the Series Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on
all matters. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock
held. and each holder of Series Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the
number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series Preferred Stock could be converted.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-
converted basis (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Serics A Preferred Stock held by each
holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded

upward).
(b) Election of Board of Directors.

(i) For so long as shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled
to elect one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consént of the
Company's stockholders for the election of directors. and to remove from office such director
and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director.

(ii) For so long as shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock remain

outstanding. the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect
one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders

9

102604 vIFHIN
for the election of directors, and to remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the
resignation, death or removal of such director.

(iii) For so long as shares of Series Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Series Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one
(1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company's stockholders for
the election of directors, and to remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the
resignation, death or removal of such director. ,

(iv) | The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such director and to fill
any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director.

(v) The holders of Common Stock and Series Preferred Stock,
voting together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all remaining
members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the
election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the
resignation, death or removal of such directors.

6. Protective Provisions. So long as shares of Series Preferred Stock are
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like), the Corporation
shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by
vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(a) effect a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or a Liquidation
Transaction; nate - ne ne Suen eee

(b) alter, waive or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock;

(c) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total number of
authorized shares of Common Stock, or Series Preferred Stock;

(d) authorize (by reclassification or otherwise) or issue any new class of
equity security, including any security convertible into or exercisable for any new class of equity security,
having a preference over, or being on a parity with. the Series Preferred Stock;

(e) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set funds aside for
a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock; provided,
however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from
employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation or any
subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares
upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment. or through the exercise of
any right of first refusal;

(f) hire or fire the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer or any other senior
officer of the Corporation;

10
702604 vi/HN
(zg) create, or authorize the creation of, or issue, or permit the issuance of any
debt security if such loans exceeds $200,000;

(h) materially amend the annual budget or spending plan;

Qa) pay or declare any dividend on any shares of Common or Series
Preferred Stock;

Gj) increase or decrease the authorized size of the board of directors; or

(k) amend or waive any provision of the Corporation’s Restated Articles or

Bylaws that would be deemed to be materially adverse to the Series Preferred.

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and shall not be issuable
by the Corporation. These Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding
reduction in the Corporation's authorized capital stock.

8. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with repurchases by the Corporation of its
Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof, Sections 502 and 503 of the
California General Corporation Law shall not apply in whole or in part with respect to such repurchases
with respect to the rights of holders of senior classes of securities.

(C) Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights, Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock at
the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to-receive,when and.as.declared.by the Board_of Directors, out of any assets_of the Corporation
legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation shall be
distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article I{I(B).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4, Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one vote
per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance
with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as
may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent permissible under California law. .

(B) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in Section
317 of the California Corporations Codc) to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

11
702604 vI/HN
(C) Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article !V by
the shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or agent
of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.”

* = *
4

3. The foregoing Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Arcxis
Biotechnologies (‘Restated Articles”) has been approved by the Board of Directors of this corporation.

4. The foregoing Restated Articles was approved by the holders of the requisite number of
shares of this corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California General Corporation
Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing Restated
Articles was 4,854,100 shares of Common Stock, 6,586,259 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
9,240,014 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing
Restated Articles equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was (i) al least a
majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class, (ii) at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (iii) at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (iv) at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
Series A-] Preferred Stock.

702604 vI/HN
The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the
matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Executed at Pleasanton, California, on April 2, 2008.

Howard D. Goldstein.
President and Chief Executive O

tthew B. Hemingfon,
Secretary

Ve rebh VEIN
