oa a are + ne IS SPT oy =

777 AOOETSS ED Vie

in the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of Caifornsa

. OCT 0 9 2007
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
ARCXIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES

The undersigned, HOWARD D. GOLDSTEIN and MATTHEW B. HEMINGTON, hereby
certify that:

ONE: They are the duly elected and acting President and Chief Executive Officer and
Secretary, respectively, of Arcxis Biotechnologies, a California corporation (the “Company”).

Two: The first and second paragraphs of Article III of the Second Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation are hereby amended and restated to read in their entirety as
follows:

“(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two
classes of stock to be designated, respectively, “Common Stock" and “Preferred
Stock.” The total number of shares which the Corporation is authorized to issue
is 46.500,000 shares, each with a par value of $0.001 per share. 29,000,000
shares shall be Common Stock and 17,500,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(B) Ré .

Preferred Stock authorized by these Second ‘Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation (the “Restated Articles”) may be issued from time to time in one or
more series. 8,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A
Preferred Stock”. 9,500,000 shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series
A-] Preferred Stock”. The Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred
Stock shall collectively be referred to hereinafter as “Series Preferred Stock”.
The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed on the
Series Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article IIK(B).”

THREE: The definition of “Additional Stock” as set forth in Article HII, Section

4(diXB) of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation shall include the
following:

“(10) Convertible securities (and Preferred Stock issuable thereunder and
Common Stock issuable under conversion of such Preferred Stock) issued
pursuant to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated on or about
October 9, 2007, by and among the Company and the persons and entities whose
names are set forth on the Schedule of Purchasers attached thereto, as may be
amended and/or restated from time to time.”

esses

Four: The foregoing amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation has been duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

671724 vIAIN

Five: The foregoing amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with
Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code. The Company has two classes of
stock outstanding and such classes of stock are entitled to vote with respect to the amendment
herein set forth. The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company is
four million eight hundred fifty-four thousand one hundred (4,854,100), the total number of
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred is six million five hundred eighty-six thousand two
hundred fifty-nine (6,586,259) and the total number of outstanding shares of Series A-1l
Preferred is four million six hundred six thousand seven hundred thirty-nine (4,606,739). The
number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The
percentage vote required was (i) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Common
Stock and Preferred Stock voting together as a single class, (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding Preferred Stock voting together as a single class, (iii) more than tifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock voting together as a single class and (iv) more
than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Series A-1 Preferred Stock voting together as a single
class.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

671724 vIARN

Se le a Rin MS Sb SV A EIT ab ARAB, TEBE ed hs Mee ee”
2 ee + career emereinaR tyes sete

Serenata tieeemane 2 She tes pt on arate ated ae ear ee ee

The undersigned, Howard D. Goldstein and Matthew B. Hemington, the President and

Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, fespectiv
penalty of perjury under the laws of the State
foregoing certificate are true of their own knowled

Executed at Pleasanton, California on Octo

BTN vl tie

ely. of Arcus Biotechnologies, declare under
of Califorma that the matters sct out in the
ge

ber B 2067

Howard D. -jaldstein

President and Chief Expeutive Officer

Matthew 13

mington
Sceretan

a. TO LS ne Alin le ESE Teo Ot a en be I eee 8 Fe STF

eee es eereege
