10648096 “Or
268175] FILED

in the office of the Secretary of Staic
of the State of California
FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED the State of Ca
~ bd . I | 4
Be opy Availat ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION JUL 2.7 2006
. . . OF
ARCXIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES
The undersigned, Jason A.A. West and Kyle Hukari, hereby certify that:
I. They are the duly elected and acting Vice President and Secretary, respectively, of
Arcxis Biotechnologies, a California corporation.
2. The Articles cf Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to

read in full as foilows:
ARTICLE |
The name of this corporation is Arcxis Biotechnologies (the “Corporation”.
ARTICLE II

” "Vhe purpose ofthe Corporation is to engage in any Tawful act or activity for which’a |
corporation may be organized under the General Cerporation Law of California other than che
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be

incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

a . ‘«
-

ARTICLE III

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue t-vo classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 35,000,000 shares, each with a par value of
$0.901 per share. 24,000,000 shares shall be Common Stock and 11,000,000 shares shall be
Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by these First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the “Restated
Articles”) may be issued from time to time in one or more series. 11,000,000 sharcs of Preterred
Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock”. The rights, preferences, privileges, and
restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series A Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this
Article {TI(B).

1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Serivs A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Common Stock of the
Corporation. at the rate of $0.0304 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like) per annum on cach outstanding share of Serics A Preferred Stock,
payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Nirectors. Such dividends shall not be

= OME PAR BS RP 8, pees SRR TERK CRE en.

$4273 va/HiN
TR me er nee |

. @ 4 8 wf
o-

cumulative. Aftei payment of such dividends, any additional dividersis shall] be distribuied
among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number
of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming conversion of all such Preferred
Stock into Comm.n Stock).

(a) Preference. In the event of any !iquidation. dissclution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribucion of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount
per share ecual to $0.38 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stocl: dividends, reclassifications
or the like) for each share of Series A Preferred Siock then held by them, plus declared but
unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrences of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed
among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to
such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts. then the entire assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the hoiders of the
Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount eacn such holder is otherwise
- niitled to receive.

e a e

(b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(a) above, the remaining asyets of the Corporation available for distribution
to sharehuiders shall be distributed among the ho!ders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the
Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each
(assuming conversion of all such Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock) until the nolders
of Series A Preferred Stock shall have received an aggregate of $3.80 per share (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) of Series A Preferred Stock then held
by them (including amounts paid pursuant to Seciion 2(a) above); thereafter, subject to the rights
of series of Preferred Stock that may from time to time come into existence, if assets remain in
the Corporation, che holders of the Common Stock of the Corporation shall receive all of the
remaining assets of the Corporation pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock
held by each.

(c) Waiver of Rights, Notwithstanding, the foresaid, the holders of
Series A Preferred may elect to waive their liquidation rights under sections 2(a) and (b) and
instead participate on the basis of their percentage of stock ownership in the Corporation
(assuming conversion of all such Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

(qd) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liauivgation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if the

Corporation shall sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property,
assets or business or merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited
liability company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation),
unless the holders of at least 66.6% of the Preferred Stock elect not to treat the transaction as a

594273 v4/HiN
—

ae B._-

ne

oS) ee ee eg SP Ae ee ee ee]

Liquidation Transaction (any such transaction, unless elected otherwise, a “Liquidation
Transaction”), provided, howe ver, that none of the following shall be considered a Liquidation
Transaction: (i) a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the
Corporation, (ii) a bona fide equity financing for the purpose of raising capital in which the
Corporation is the surviving corporation, or (iii) a transaction in which the shareholders of the _
Corporation immediately prior to the transaction own 50% or more of the voting stock of the
surviving corporation following the transaction.

(ii)  Valustion of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
liquidation as described in Section 2(d)i) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation
is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shali be valued
as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (‘“‘Nasday” the value shall be based on the formula specified in the
definitive agreements for the |.1quidation Transaction or, if no such formula exists, then the value
of such securities shall be based or a formula approved by the Buard of Directors and derived
from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq over a specified | time
period; “~.',

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
sh... be based on the formula specified in the definitive agreements for the Liquidation
Transaction or, if no such formula exists, then the value of such securitics shal! be based on a
formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid or sales prices
(whichever is applicable) for such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) If there is no active pub!‘< market, the value
shall be the fair mari:*1 value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Buard of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investrnent letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a sharcholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(d)ii)(A)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of

irectors,

(ili) Neotige of Ligvidaticn Transaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation

Transaction not later than 10 days :"r to the shareholders’ meeting culled to woprove such
Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Transaction.
whichever is earlier, and shal! also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such
Liquidation Transaction. The first uf such notices shall describe the materiai terms and
conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2. and the

$94273 v4/HN
OO rere as a os oi TP RO OPIATE LICR WE 2 en me nee

Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. Uniess
such notice requirements are waived. the Liquidation Transaction sh ill not take piace sooner than
10 days after the Corporation has give’: the first notice provided for herein or sooner than 10 days
after the Corperation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Restated Articles, all notice periods or
requirenients in these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived, either before or after the
action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a major'ty of the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(d) are not complied with, the Corporation shal! forthwith either cause the ciosing

of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as
such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the
first notice referred to in Section 2(d (iii).

o

“gS. Redemption, The Preferred Stock is not redeemable; provided, however,
that fa at any time after the date Heteof the Corporation shall grant redemption rights to any class
or series of stock, then the Series A preferred shall automatically be granted the same or similar
redemption rights.

Conversiog. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date
of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock,
into such number of fully paid and nonassessab:e shares of Common Stock as is determined by
dividing $0.38 by the Conversion Price applicable to such share, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial
Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be $0.380. Such initial Conversion
Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(>) Avwtomatic Coeversion. Each share of Scries A Preferred Stock
shal! automatically be convertec into shares cf Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the

time in effect for such share immediately upoz the earlier of (i) immediately prior to the closing
of the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public
offering pursuant tu a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as ainended (the
“Securities Act”), the oublic offering price of which is not less than $1.52 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) and which results in aggregate cash
proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $20,000,000 (net of underwriting discounts and
commissions) or (ii) the date specified by written consent or agrvement of the holders of a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

$94273 v4/HN
(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder who desires to convert
shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed (or a reasenably acceptable
affidavit and indemnity undertaking in the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate), at the
office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall
give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert
the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates ior the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid, and a certificate for the remaining number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock if less than all of the Series A Preferred Stock evidenced by
the certificate were surrendered. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on (i) the date of such surrender of the shares of such
series of Preferred Stock to be converted or (ii) if applicable, the date of automatic conversion
specified in Section 4{b) above, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stoc.. issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in
connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities
Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred Stock for
conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering. in which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock shal] not be deemed te have converted such Preverred Stock...
until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

f Prefe Stock for Certain
2 ’ “ ‘ions. The Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as foiiow

(i) Issuance of Additional Stoct, below Purchase Price. If
the Corporation should issue, at any time after the date upon which aiy shares of Series A
Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date”), any Additional Stock (as defined below)
without consideration or for a consideration per share less tnan the Series A Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Series A Conversion Price
in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shal! automatically be adjusted as set forth in
this Section 4(d)i), uniess otherwise provided in this Section 4(dXi).

oe (A) Adivstment Formula. Whenever the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4\d)i), the new Series A Conversion Price shall be
determined by multiplying the Series A Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such issuance (the “Outstanding Common”) plus the number of shares of Common Stock
that the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would purchase at
such Conversion Price; and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Outstanding Common plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the
foreguing calculation, the term “Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Common Stork
decmed issued pursuant to Section 4(d)i(E) below.

$94273 v4/HN
a »--

ih 2 -

> oe

(6b) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For purposes
of this Section 4(d)i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d\i){E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase
Date) other than

(1) | Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ii) hereof;

(2) Common Stock issued or issuable to
employees, officers, or consultants of the Corporation or other persons performing services for
the Corporaticn, directly or pursuant to a stock option plan, equity grants or restricted stock plan
approved by the Board of Directors;

(3) Capital stock, or options or warrants to
purchase capital stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings, or commercial property lease transactions;

(4) Common Stock or Preferred Stock issuable
upon exercise of warrants, notes. or other convertible securities outstanding as of the date of
these Restated Articles;

(5) Capital stock, or options or warrants to
purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers, strategic
partnerships or similar transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation;

(6) Common Stock issued upon conversion of
the Series A Preferred Stock;

(7) Common Stock issued or issuable in a
public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock will
be converted to Common Stock;

(8) Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity
as a component of a strategic alliance with such entity for the purpose of (A) joint venture,
technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply or manufacture of the
Corporation’s products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving corporate partners
that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business relationship
with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors; and

(9) | Common Stock issued or issuable with the

affirmative vote of at least 51% of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together
as a class.

(C) Threshold of Fractional Adiustments. No

adjustment of the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount
less than one cent per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by

$9427) v4/HN
reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in ai.
subsequent adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to t.::
adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the
event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of

the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration: shall be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration i whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment, before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof.

(E) Deemed Issyances of Common Stock. In the case

of the issuance (whether before, on or after the applicable Purchase Date) of securities or rights
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”), the following provisions shall apply for

_ all Purposes oft this Section 4(dX{i):

=
—

(1) The aggregate maximunt number of shares -
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or
such Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration,
if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and related Common Stock
Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if aay, to be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise
of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Section 4(d)(iXC).

— « a .

(2) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents including, but not limited
to, a change resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of each of
the Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using sich
Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further
adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such
consideration upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

$94273 vV4/HN
(3) | Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of each of the Series A Preferred Stock. to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangeable or exerciszole) actually issued upon the conversion, exchangs or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) | The mamber of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(i/D){1) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiraticn of the type described in
either Section 4(d)(iX E)(2) or 4(d)(i)(E)(3).

(F) NoIncreased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding

any other provisions of this Section (4)(di), except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(d)(iE)(2) and 4(d){i(EX(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant te this Section
4(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price .bove the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
- should at any time after the Purchasé Date fix a record date fot the effectuatioi. of a splitar * _
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without
payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the
Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of such dividend
distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of each series of
Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such
increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect
to such Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common
Stock Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in
Section 4(d)\iXE).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number cf shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the

outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a

distribution (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of assets transaction
provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2 cf this Article I1](B)) payable in

$94273 v4/HN
securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons.
assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in Section 4(d}i) or 4(d)(ii),
then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the holders of each series of Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the Corperation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from timc to time there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or
sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Section 2 -f this Article
I1I(B)) provision shall be made so that the holders of each series of Preferred S.ock shall
thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of
stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which « holder of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization.
In any such case, appropriate adjustment shal! be made in the application of the provisions of this
Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the
Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such
Preferred Stock) shall be applicakle after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) NoJmpairment. The Corporation shall not, through any
reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, disse iution, issue or

sale of securities or any other vofuntary action, avoid or seeko avoid-the otservaneeor > . *
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times in good faith assist in carrying out all provisions of this Section 4 and in taking
ail such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of
the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

(_h) NoFractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) The Corporation shall not issue fractional shares upon the
conversion of any share or shares of any series of Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares,
the Corporation shall pay cash in an amount equal to the fair value of such fractional shares,
based on the fair market value of the shares of Comm.n Stock on the date of conversion as
determined in yood faith by the Board of Directors. The number of shares issuable upon such
conversion shal] be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock the
holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corperation,
at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting
forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shali, upon the written request at any time

594273 v4/HIN
of any holder of any series of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a
like certificate setting forth (A) such udjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for
such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number orf shares of Common
Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of a share of such series of Preferred Stock. |

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shal! mail
to each holder of Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice
specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

G)  Beservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Corporaiion shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred
Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to
effegt the conversion of all outstanding shares of each series of Preferred Stock; and if at any

* * time tht number of authorized ‘but wiigsued¢shares of Common Stogk shall not be sufficient to

effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of stich séries of Preferred Stock, in“addition
to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authori:zed but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as siiall
be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain
the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these Restated Articles.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in she
United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation.

5. Yotine Rights.

(a) Except as expressly provided by these Articles or as provided by
law, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the same voting rights as the holders of
Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with
the By!s-ws of the Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock and the Series A Preferred
Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters. Each holder of Common Stock shall be
entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held, and each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be e::titled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
into which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock could be converted. Fractional votes shall
not, however, be permitted and any fractional! voting rights available on an as-converted basis
(after aggregating a!] shares into which shares >f Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder

$94273 v4/HN
—

Best Copy Available

could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded
upward).

fb) Election of Board of Directcrs.

-(i) . For so long as shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall ‘bé entitled
to elect one ::) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Company’s ‘stockholders ‘or the election of directors, and to remove from office such director
and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director.

(ii) | The helders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be to elect one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to eacn
consent o1 ..e Company’s stockholders ‘or the election of directors, and to remove from office
such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director.

(iii) The holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitied to elect all
remaining members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company's
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

, 6. So4ong as-sfiares ofSefies‘A Preferred Stock are
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like), the”
Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining
the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(a) effect a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or a Liquidation
Transaction;

(b) _ alter, waive or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

(c) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total number of
authorized shares of Common Stock, or Series A Preferred Stock:

(d) authorize (by reclassification or otherwise) or issue any new class
of equity security, including any security convertible into or exercisable for any new class of
equity security, having a preference over, or being on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock,

(e) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set funds
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common
Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of
Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing
services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the

$94273 v4AHN

,
Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares upon the occurrence of certain events, such
as the termination of employment, or through the exercise of any right of first refusal:

(f) hire or fire the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer or any other
senior officer of the Corporation;

(g) create, or authorize the creation of, or issue, or permit the issuance
of any debt security if such loans exceeds $200,000,

(h) m3terially amend the annual budget or spending plan;

(i) pay or declare any dividend on any shares of Common or Series A
Preferred Stock;

(j) increase or decrease the authorized sizz of the board of directors;
or

(k) amend or waive any provision of the Corporation’s Restated
Articles or Bylaws inat would be deemed to be materially adverse to the Series A Preferred.

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall _be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and
shall not be issuable by the Corporatiun. These Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended
to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital Stock. - - .

8. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with repurchases by the
Corporation of its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof,
Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law shall not apply in whole or in
part with respect to such repurchases with respect to the rights of holders of senior classes of
securities.

(C) Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shal! be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liguidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation
shal! be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article ITI(B).

3 Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to onc
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in

CO4AV97 Wa tial
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shail be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under Calitornia law.

(B) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) to the fullest extent pennissible under
California law.

(C) Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article IV by the shareholders of the Corporation she'! not adversely affect any right or
protection of a director or agent of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment,
repeal or modification.”

3. The foregoing First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Arcxis
Biotechnologies CRestated Articles”) has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
corporatién. .. . by a. ‘ a « 2

. > .
bal : -“—=— e@ - . e

4. The foregoing Restated Articles was approved by the holders of the requisite
number of shares of this corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California
General Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to
the foregoing Restated Articles was 4,654,100 shares of Common Stock. The number of shares
voting in favor of the foregoing Restated Articles equaled or exceeded the vote required. The
percentage vote required was a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. There are
no shares of Preferred Stock outstanding.

$96273 v4/HN
The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury und--r the laws of the State of California
that the raatters set forth in this Certificate are true and corr-ci of our own knowledge.

Executed at Pleasanton, California, on July 27", 2006.

«
a: oe

594273 ¥4/1PN
