A0675054 FILEDE

inthe office of the: Seactary rei Slate

Z| a » Lf as of the State of Caiforma *
| me oA | APP 0 2 2006
SATE DED AND westa r ED ARTICLES OF ac ORPORATION ,
OF ARENA SOLUTIONS, INC.
a California corporation

ey

The undersigned, Craig Livingston and Eric Larkin, hereby certify thal: Fem ter

ONE: They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively,
of Arona Solutions, Inc., a California corporation (the “Corporation”).

TWO: The Articles of Incorporation of said corporation shall be amencied and
restated to read in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is Arena Solutions, Inc.
ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which a corporation may be organized undez the General Corporation Law of Califormia other
than the banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to
be incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE IT

A. Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of
stock to be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number
.of shares which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 255,494,748 shares. The number of
shares of Common Stock authorized t be issued is 136,810,972 shares. The number of shares of
Preferred Stock authorized to be issued is 118,683,776 shares, 829,545 of which shall be
desig:ated Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock”), 4,794,616 of which shall
be designated Series B Preferred Stock (“Series B Preferred Stock”), 8,576,341 of which shall be -
designed Sertes C Preferred Stock (“Series C Preferred: Stock”), 12,893,380 of which shall be
designated Series D Preferred Stock (“Senes D Preferred Stock”), 19,589,894 of which shail be
designated Series E Preferred Stock (“Series E Preferred Stock”) and 72,000,006 of which shall
be designated Series F Preferred Stock (“Series F Preferred Stock’). The Series A Preferred
“Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E
Py“errert and Series F Preferved Stock are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Series
Preferred. ” ,

B. Rights, Preferences and Res strictio ns of Series Preferred. The rights,

preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to the Series Preferred are as follows:

: L. Dividen nd Pr ovisions. (a) Subject to the rights of any. beties of Preferred
Stock that may from time to time come into existence, the holders of shares. of Series Preferred
shall.be entitled to receive, on an equal priority, pari. passu u basis, dividends, out of any assets

legally available therefor, in the amount of $0.0352: per share per annum with respect to the |
Series A Prefe..ed Stock, as as adjusted for any stock divic: nds, combinations or Splits with respect —

699669. VI/N ; 1
SV\G023 11.7 .
+

to such shares, $0.073 per share per annum with respect fo the Serics B Preferred Stock, 4s
advusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares, $.0<472 per
share per annum with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, as adjusted for any stocs
Givadends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares; $0.0344 per share per annum with
respect to the Senes D Preferred Stock, as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or
spliis with respect io such shares, $0.06616 per share per annum with respect to the Senes E
Preferred Stock, as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such
shares; and $0.0176 per share per annum with respect to the Series F Preferred Stock, as adjusted
for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect te such shares; in each case payable
when, as and 1f declared by the Corporation’s Board of Directors. Such dividends shall not be
curnulative. So long as any shares of Series Preferred shall be outstanding, no dividend, whether
‘ti cash or property. shall be paid or declared (other than a dividend payable solely in Common
Stock), nor shal! any other distribution be made, on the Common Stock, nor shall any shares of
Common Siock of the Corporation be purchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for value by
the Corporation (except for acquisitions of Common Stock by the Corporation pursuant to
agreements which permit the Corporation to repurchase such shares, at the onginal purchase
price for such shares, upon termination of services to the Corporation or in exercise of the
Corporation’s right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer) until all then declared but unpaid
dividends on the Series Preferred shall have been paid ov set apart. In the event that dividends
are paid on any share of Common Stock, an additional dividend shall be paid with respect to all
outstanding shares of Senes Preferred in an amount per share (on an as-converted basis) equal to
the amount paid or set aside for each share of Common Stock.

(b) Non-Cash Dividends. In the event that a dividend provided for in
this Section 2 shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such dividend shal] be
deemed to be the fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the
Corporation’s Board of Directors.

Z. Liguidanon Preference.

(z) Subject to the rights of any series of rreferred Stock that may from
time to time come into existence, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, either voluntary or involumary, the holders of Series Preferred shall be entitied to
receive, prior and In preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the
holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to
{:) (A) $0.44 for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits or recapitalizations with respect to such shares; (B) $0.73 for
each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock as adjusted for any stock dividends,
cornbinations, splits or recapitalizations with respect to such shares, (C) $0.59 for each
outstanding share of Series C Preserred Stock as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits or recapitalizations with respect to such shares; (D) $0.43 for each outstanding share of
Series D Preferred Stock as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits or
recapitahizations with respect to such shares; (E) $0.827 for each outstanding share of Series E
Preferred Stock as adjusted far any stock dividends, combinations, splits or recapitalizations with
respect to such shares; and (F) $0.22 for each outstanding share of Series F Preferred Stock as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits or recapitalizations with respect to such
shares (the “Original Issue Price,” respectively, for each series of Series Preferred), plus (ii) any
declared but unpaid dividends on such share. If upon the occurrence of such event, the assets

699669 V3/HN 2
SvVi6az}?* ~
and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series Preferred shall be imsurficient to
permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire
assets and funds of the Corpcration legally available for distnbution shall be distributed first,
ratably among the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock in proportion to the total preferential
amount to which each such holder ts entitled, second, ratably among the holders of the S eries D
Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock on a par passu basis in proportion to the total
preferential amount to which each such holder is entitled; third, ratably among the holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock in proportion to the total preferential amount to which each such holder
is entitled; and fourth, ratably among the holders of the Senes A Preferred Stock and the Senes B
Preferred Stock on a pari passu basis in proportion to the total preferential amount te which each
suci holder is entitied.

(b) Upon the completion of the distribution required by subparagraph
(a) of this Section 2, all of the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to
sharcriolders shal! be distributed ratably among the holders of Common Stock and Series F
Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock and Series F Preferred
Stock (on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) then heid by each such holder; provided,
however, that the aggregate distrbution to holders of Series F Preferred Stock pursuant to
subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 2 on a per share basis shall not exceed two and one-half
times (2,5x) the Original Issue Price of such shares.

(c) (1) For purposes of this Section 2, a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, ¢A) the
acquisition of the Corporatior by another entity or entities, acting in concert, by means of any
ircnsaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization,
merger or consolidation, but excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of
changing the domiciie of the Corporatior. or the issuance of the Corporation’s equity securities
for capital raising purposes) that results in the Corporation’s shareholders constituted
immediately prior to such transaction holding less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power
of the surviving or acquiring entity (an “Acquisition”); or (B) a sale or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation (an “Asset Transfer”).

(i) In any of such events described in subparagraph (c)(i) of
this Section 2, if the consideration received by the Corporation is other than cash, its value will
be deemed its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Corporation’s Board of
Directors, except that any securities to be distributed to the shareholders shall be valued as
follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment ietter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability covered by (B) below:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or through
the Nasdaq Global Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing sale prices
of the securities on such quotation system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days
prior to the closing of an event described in subparagraph (c)(i) of this Section 2;

(2) Tf actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or-sale. prices (whichever is applicable) over

699669 VI/HN 3
SVA6O21 11.7
the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing Gf an event described in
subparagraph (¢)(1) of this Section 2; and

(3) If there 1s no active public markei, thre value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by the Corporation and the holders
of at least a majority of the voting power of al} then outstanding shares of Series Preferred.

(B) The method of valuation cf securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restnctions ansing solely
by virtue of a shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as above in subparagraplis (A) (1), (2) or
(3) of this Section 2 to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as mutually determined
by the Corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then
outstanding shares of Series Preferred.

(ii) The Corporation shall give each holder of record of Series
Preferred written notice of such impending transaction described in subparagraph (c)(i} of this
Section 2 not Jater than twenty (20) days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve
such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such transaction, whichever is
earlier, and shail also notify such holders in wnting of the final approval of such transaction.
The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending
transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such
holders prompt notice of any materia] changes. The transaction shall in no event take place
sooner than twenty (20) day's after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein
or sooner than ten (10) days after the Corporation has given notice of any maternal changes
provided for herein; provided, however, that such periods may be shortened upon the written
consent of the holders of Series Preferred representing at least a maiority of the voting power of
ali then outstanding shares of Series Preferred.

3. Redemption. The Senes Preferred is not redeemable.

4, Conversion. The holders of the Series Preferred shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Cunvert. Each share of Series Preferred shall be
convertible, at the cption of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such
share. at the off se of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of
fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original
Issue Price of the applicable series of Series Preferred by the conversion price applicable to such
share, determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for
conversion. Upon the date of the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation
wiu: the California Secretary of State (the “File Date”), the initial conversion price per share for
shares of (i) Series A Preferred Stock shall be $0.4369; (ii) Series B Preferred Stock shall be
$0.6377; (iii) Series C Preferred Stock shall be $0.4300; (iv) Series D Preferred Stock shall be
$0,4300; (v) Series E Preferred Stock shall be $0.827; and (‘7i) Series F Preferred. Stock shall be
$0.2200 (the “Conversion Price,” respectively, for each series of Series Preferred and as inay be
adjusted pursuant to this Section 4{a)). Immediately following the issuance of at least
38,500,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock pursuant to a Series F Preferred. Stock Purchase
Agreement to be entered into between the Corporation and certain Investors named therein (the

699669 VEIN 4
SV602111.7
“Senics F Purchase Agreement’, the Conversion Pi ce for each serics of Senes Preferred shail
be automatically adjusted for shares of (1) Series A Preferred Stock te $0.3577; Gi) Series B
Preferred Stock to $0.4852. (in) Senes C Preferred Stock to $6.3533: Gv} Semes D Proiferr-d
Stuck to 343533: .v) Series & Preferrod Stuck to $0.6054; and vi) Scenes F Preferred Stock to
$0.2200 provided, however, that the Conversion Prices for the Series Preferred shall be subject
io adjustment cor further adjustment, as applicable, as set forth in subsection 4(d).

{b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series Preferred’ shal!
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stuck at the applicable Conversion Pnice at
ihe time in effect for such series of Series Preferred imrediately upon the earhter of (1) the
Corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
to reflect subsequent stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalization). with a total offering, after
deduction of underwriters’ commissions aid expcnses, of at least $36,000,000 or (ii) the date
specified by written consent or approval of a majonty of the then outstanding shares of Senes
Preferred, voting together as a sirmle class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis. Upon
such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with
the provisions of Article If, Section B(1).

{c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series Preferred
shal] be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, the holder shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any
transfer agent for the Series Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at its
principal corporate office of tne election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or
names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such
holder of Series Preferred, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shali be entitled as
aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of
business on the date of such surrender of the certificate or certificates representing the shares of
Series Preferred to be converted, and the person or persons entitled tc receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion sha{l be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in
connection with an underwritten offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act,
the conversion shall be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of
secunties pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common
Stock upon conversion of the Series Preferred shall not be deemed to have converted such Series
Preferred until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Series Preferred for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The respective Conversion Prices of the Series
Preferred shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) (A) In the event the Corporation shall issue or be
deemed pursuant to the terms hereof to have issued, after the File Date, any Additional Stock (as
defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the then
applicable Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock or
Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock or Series E Preferred Stock or Series F

699669 V3/HN 5
SV02111.7
Freferred Stock in effect imraediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock and/or Series
C Preferred Stock and/or Series D Preferred Stock and/or Series E Preferred Stock and/or Senes
F Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shali forthwith (except as
niherwise provided in this Section 4(d)(i)) be adjusted to a price cctermined by multiplying the
then applicable Conversion Price of the applicable series of Series Preferred by a fraction, the
numerator of which shal! be equal to the total computed under clause (1) below and the
denominator of which shall be equal to the tral computed under clause (2) below:

(1) an ammount equai to the sum of (a) the number of shares of Outstanding
Common Stock (as such term is defined below) outstanding immediately
prior to such issue or salz, plus (bo) the number of shares of Outstanding
Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received (or deemed
received) by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Stock so
issued (or deemed issued) would purchase at such Conversion Price, and

(2) an. amount equal to the sum of (a) the number of shares of Outstanding
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue or sale plus
(b) the number of such Additional Stock so issued (or deemed issued).

As used herein, the term “Qutstanding Common Stock” means all shares of Common Stock that
are outstanding plus ali shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Series Preferred,
or the exercise of any outstanding options or warrants.

(B) No adjustment of the Conversion Price for the
Series Pzeferred shall be made in an amount less than one tenth of one cent per share, provided
that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be
carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior
to three yeavs fom the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or
shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjusiment
being carried forward; and provided further that in all events any such adjustments which are
not required to be made by reason of this sentence (and which have not then been made) shail
be made immediately prior to conversion to Common Stock. Except to the limited extent
provided for in subsections (d)(i)(F}(3) and (d){iNF)(4) of this Section 4, no adjustment of such
Conversion Price pursuant to this subsection 4(d){i) shall have the effect of increasing the
Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment,
provided, however, that in no case shall the Conversion Price ever exceed the respective
applicable Conversion Price in effect as of the File Date except pursuant to the provisions of
subsection 4(d)(iv) hereof.

(C) In the case of the issuance of Common Steck for
cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting
any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the
Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(D) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be

699669 V3/HN 6
SV\O021117
deemed te oc the fatr market value thereof as determmed by the Corporation’s Board of
Directors i. spective of any accounting treatment.
(&) Tf Common Stock, convertible securities or riwhts or
‘ons to gurchuse either Additional Stock or convertible securities are issued or sold together
with other siuck or securities or other assets of the Corporation for a consideration which covers
both, the cousideration shall be computed as the portion of the consideration so received that
may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Corporation’s Board of Directors to be
allocable to cuch Additional Stock, convertible securities or rights or options.

(F) In the case of the issuance (whether before, on or
afier the File Date) of options to purchase or nghts to subscnbe for Cornmion Stock, securities by
their terms comvertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights
to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following provisions shal! apply
for al! purposes of this subsection 4(d)(@) and subsection 4(d)Qi):

(1) ‘The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Commor Stock deliverable upon ¢:.crcise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
exervisability, including without limiiation, the passage of time, but without taking into account
potential antidilution adjustments) of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for
a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner y.ovided in
subsections 4(d)(i)(C) and 4(d){i(D)), if any, received by the Corporation upon the issuance of
such options or rights plus the minimum exercise price provided in such options or rights
(without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered
thereby.

(2) The agegresate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange (assuming the satisfaction of
any conditions to convertivility or exchangeability, includiag, without limitation, the passage of
time, but without taking into account. potensial antidilution adjustments) for any such convertible
or exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall
be deemed to have been issued ‘at the time such securities wére issued or such options or rights
were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the
Corporation for any such secutities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on
account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if
any, to be received by the Corporation (without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) (other than by caucellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by convertible or
exchangeable securities) upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of
any related options or rights (the consideration in each case io be determined in the manner
provided in subsections AGC) and 4(d)(i)(D)).

G3) In the event t of any change 1 in the mumber of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration. payable to the Corporation upon
exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion. of orin exchange for such convertible or
exchangeable securities, including, Sut not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution
provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Series Preferred, to the extent in. any way affected
by or computed using such options, rights or securities, shall be recomputed’ i reflect such

699009 VSVHM . 7 9
SVV\602117.7 :
change, but no further adjustment shall be made for ihe actual issuance of Common Stock or any
paviment of such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or nghts or the con version
or exchange of such securities.

(43 Upon the expiration of any such options or
nights, the ferminauon of any suri: ights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options
or rights related to such conversa} of sxchangeable securities, the Conversion Price of the
Series Preferred, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, mghts or
securities or options or rights relatca to such securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the
issuance of only the number of sharcs of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeabie
securities whic. remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise of such options or mghts,
upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights
related to such sccuritics.

(5) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to subsections 4(a)(i)(F)(1)
and 4(d)(i)(F)(2) shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration
of the type described in either subsections 4(d)(i)(F)(3) or 4(d)(i)(F)(4).

(i) “Additional Steck” shali mean any shares of Common
Stock issued (or deerned to have been issued pursuant to subsection 4(d)(i)(F)) by the
Corporation after che File Date other than:

(A} shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a
transaction described in subsection 4(d)(11!) hereof;

(B) up to 18,274,457 shares of Common Stock and/or
options therefore (net of repurchases, expirations, cancellations and the like, and as ac,usted for
any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) issued or issuable to
employees, officers, directors, consultants or advisors of the Corporation directly or pursuant to a
stock option plan or restricted stock plan or other arrangement approved by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation;

(C) — shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
shares of Series Preferred;

(D) up to an aggregate of 1,250,900 shares of sto~k
and/or warrants therefore (net of repurchases, expirations, cancellations and the like, and os
adjusted for stock dividends, combinations or splits) (i) issued to leasing companies, landlords,
lenders and other providers of goods or services to the Corporation, provided in each case such
issuances are for other tnan primarily equity financing purposes and that the issuance of such
securities is approved by the Corporation’s Board of Directors; ur (ii) issued to parties providing
the Corporation with equipmeni leases, real property leases, loans, credit lines or guarantees of
indebtedness; provided, in each case, the issuance of such warrants is approved by the
Corporation’s Board of Directors;

(E) —_-watrants to purchase shares of Series F Preferred
Stock issued by the Corporation pursuant to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement
dated as of August 14, 2007 and amended and restated on December 21, 2007 (the “Note

699699 VVHN 8
SV%602 11,7
mt}, ev all snares of Series F Preferred Stuck or any other securiucs issuable

(F) up to an aggrepate of 40,000,000 shares of Series F
Preferred Stock issued by ine Corporation pursuant to the Senes r Purchase Agreement or upon
the conversion of convertible promissory notes issued by the Corporation pursuant to the Note
Purchase Agreement, bndge loan financing dated February 14, 2008 and the bndge loan
financing dated March 13, 2008.

Gu) in the event the Corporation should at any time or from
time to time after the File Da‘; fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of
the outstanding shares of Corimon Stock or the determination of holders of Common. Stock
entitled to recerve a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares cf Common Stock
or other securities or nghts convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or
induectly, additional shares of Common Stock (hercinafter referred to as “Common Stock
Eguivalen.3”) without payment of any consideration by such holder fer the additional shares of
Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common
St. ck issuable ror: conversion or exercise therecf}, then, as of such record date (or the date of
such divider: distribution, split or subdivision 1. no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of
the Series Preferred shal] be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable on conversion of each shars ot such series sLall be increased in proportion to such
increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect
o such Common Stock Equivalents.

{ivi If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at
any time afler the File Date is decretsed by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for the Series
Preferred shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each share of such series shali be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distn! ations. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not reterred
to in subsection 4(d){iti}), then, in each such case for the purpose of this subsection 4(e), the
holders of the Scries Preferred shall be ertitled to a proponionate share of any such distribution
as though they were the holders of the number of shares of Coramon Stock of the C>rporation
into which their shares of Series Preferred are convertible as of the record date fixed for the
determination of the holders cf Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.

(f} Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be
a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale
of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Section 2) provision shall be
made so that the holders of the Series Preferred shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon
conversion of the Series Preferred the number of shares of stock or other securities or preperty of
the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion
would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall
be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the

699669 V3/HN . 9
SV\502111.7 .
poiders of the Series Preferred after the rccapitalization to the end that the provisions of this
Section 4 Gncluding adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares
purchasable upon conversion of the Serics Preferred) shall be applicable after that event as nearly
equivalent as may he practicable.

(g) No_Impatzment. Without the consent of the holders of Series
Preferred as specified in Section 6, the Corporation will not, by amendment of its Amencied and
Restated Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of
assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or s.le of securities or any other voluntary
action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed
or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will a. all times in good faith assis in the
carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in tre taking of all such action as znay be
necessary or appropriate im order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Series
Preferred against impairment. .

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of the Series Preferred, and the number of shares of Common Stock to be
issued shali be rounded down to the nearest whole share and the Corporation shall pay in cash
the fair market value of such fractional shares, as determined in good faith by the Corporation’s
Board of Directors when those entitled to receive such fractional shares are deterrnined.
Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the
basis of the total number of shares of Series Preferred the holder is at the time converting into
Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such 1 aggregate
conversion.

(ii) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Serics Preferred pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its
expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
nereof and prepare and furnish-to each holder of Series Preferred a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder
of Series Preferred, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth
(A) the consideration received or deemed to be received by the Corporation for any Additional
Shares of Common Stock issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold, (B) such
adjustment and readjustment, (C) the Conversion Price for such series of Series Treferred at the
time in effect, an¢ ‘D) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other
property which at the time would be received upon the’ conversion of'a share of Series Preferred.

(i) Notices Recor ‘In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of ally mg of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or. property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall maii
to each holder of Series Preferred, at least twenty (20) days prior to the date specified therein, 2
notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose. of such
dividend, distribution or night, and, the. amount and character of such dividend, distribution or

right.

SV602E 17
shall at all limes reserve and keep available out of its authonzed but unissued shares of Cammon
Stack, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series Preferved.
sucn sumber of tis shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be s"ifficient to effect the
conversion of al! outstanding shares of ihe Snes Preferred; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Coinmo: Stock shal: not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, in addition to such other reinedies as shall
be available to the holder of such Senes Preferred, the Corporation will take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of iis counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Commen Stock to such number of sharcs as shall be sufficient for such purposes,
inctuding, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval
of any necessary amendment to these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporatien.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Series Preferred shall be in writing and shall be personally
delivcred, sent by facsimile or electronic mail or delivered by a nationaliv recognized cvernight
courez, addressed at such address, facsimile number or electronic mail address as such holder
shall have furnished to the Corporation in writing. Any such notice shall be deemed to have
been received (i) in the case of personal delivery or delivery by telecopier, on the date of such
delivery, (ii) in the case of a nationally-recognized overnight courier, on the next business day
after the date when sent if such date ts a business day, otherwise the next business day and (iii) in
the case of electronic mail, upon confirmatior. of delivery when directed to the electronic mail
addrese identified above.

(1) ‘Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and ail issue and other
similar taxes that may be payable as a result of any issue or uctivery of shares of Common Stock
on conversion of Series Preferred pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the Corporation shall
net be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested by any holder in
connection with any such conversion.

(i) Special Mandatory Conversion.

(i) In the ever, that a holder of shares of Series Preferred dees
not participate in a Qualified Financing fas defined below) by purchasing in the aggregate
(within such time period as established by the Board of Directors of the Corporation), in such
Qualified Financing, at least such holder’s Pro Rata Amount (as defined below) of the Offered
Securities (as defined below), then all of the shares of Series Preferred held by such holder shail
automatically, and without any further action on the part of such holder, be converted into shares
of Common Stcck at the applicabie Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the
consummation of such Qualified Financing, effective upen, subject to, and concurrently with, the
consummation of the Qualified Financing.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such holder participates in the
Qualified Financing but not to the full extent of such holder’s Pro Rata Amount, then a
percentage of each series of Series Preferred held by such holder will be converted into Common
Stock (under the same terms as in the preceding sentence), with such percentage being equal to
the percent of such holder’s Pro Rata Amount that it failed to purchase in the Qualified
Financing.

899669 V3/HN Il
SWGO21IL7
For purposes of determiming the number of sharcs of Senes
Preferred owned by a holder, mcluding in the definition of Pre Rata Amount, and for
determining the number of Offered Securities a holder of Series Preferred has purchased in a
Cwalhifted Financing, all shares of Senes Preferred held by Affihates of such holder shal! be
ageregated with such holder’s shares and all Offered Securities purchased by Affiliates of such
holder shall be aggregated with the Offered Securities purchased by such holde: (provided that
no shares or securities shall be attributed to more than one entity or person within any such group
of affisiated entities or persons}. Upon such conversion (a “Special Mandatory Conversion”),
any shares of Series Preferred so converted shall be cancelled and not subject to reissuance.

(ii) Upon a Special Mandatory Conversion, each holder of
shares of Series Preferred converted pursuant to Section 4(m)(i) above shall surrender his, her or
its certificate or certificates for all such shares to the Corporation at the place designated in such
notice, and shall thereafter receive certificates for the number cf shares of Common Stock to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to this Section 4(m). All nghts with respect to the Scries
Preferred converted pursuant to Section 4(m)(i), including the rights, if any, to receive notices
and vote (other than as a holder of Cormmon Stock), will terminate, except only the nghts of the
holders thereof, upon surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor, to receive certificates
for the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Series Preferred has been converted,
and payment of any declared but unpaid dividends thereon. If so required by the Corporation,
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument
or instruments of transfer, 1n form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed bv the
registered holder or by his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. As soon as practicable
after the Special Mandatory Conversion and the sutrender of the certificate or certificates for the
Series Preferred so converted, the Corporation shall cause to be issued and delivered to such
nolder, or on his, her or its written order, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares
of Common Stock issuable on such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereo* and cash
in respect of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion.
All certificates evidencing shares of Series Preferred cancelled, and the shares of Series Preferred
converted pursuant to Section 4(m)(i) represented thereby shall, from and after the time of the
Special Mandatory Conversion, be deemed to have been converted into Common Stock for all
purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender such
cert. ficates on or prior to sucn date. The Corporation may thereafter take such rppropriave action
(without fi:s need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the authorized number
of shares of Series Preferred or any series of Series Preferred accordingly.

Gn) For purposes of this Section 4(m)\, the following definiticns
shall be applicable: ,
{A) “Affilate” means, with respect to any Helder of shares of
Series Preferred, any person, entity or firm which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by
or is under common contro} with such holder, including, without limitation, any entity of which
the holder is a partner or member, any partner, officer, director, member or employee of such
holder and any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing of which the holder is a partner or
member which is controlled by or under common control with one or more general partners of
such holder or shaius the same management company with such holder.

(B) “Offered Securities” means the securities sold in the
Qualified Financing. Solely for the purposes of the first Qualified Financing following the 2007
Bridge, the number of Offered Securities shall be determined as if the armounts invested in the

699669 VVHN 12
SVWWO7Z111.7

2007 Bridge and 2008 Bridge had been invested in such Qualified Fi ancing.

(C) “Pro Kata Amount’ means the fraction obiarned ov
dividing the nurnber of shares of Series Preferred (as 1f converted to Common Stock) heid py
such holder immediately prior to the Qual: fed Financing by the total number of shares of Series
Preferred (as if converted to Common Stock} outstanding immediately pnor to the Qualified

Financing

(D) “Qualified Financing” means any iuture equity
financing in which the price per share of the equity securities issued in sucn financing is less than
the then applicable Conversion Pnce of the Series F Preferred Stock, or any future bndge Joan
financing.

(iv) Any Mandatory Conversion pursuant to Section 4(m)(i)
may be waived as it relates to any Qualified Financing by the vote of the holders of at leas: a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Series Preferred, voting as a single class on an as-
converted to Common Stock basis.

S. Voting Rights.

(a) General Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Series
Preferred shall have the right .o one vote for each share of Common Stock into which such
Series Preferred could then be converted, and with respect to such vote. such holder shall have
fuli voting rights and powers equal te the voting nghts and powers of the holders of Common
Stock, and shall be entitled, no. withstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any shareholders’
meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote, together
with n i:ders of Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common
Stock have the right to vote. Fractional votes shall not, howev=r, be permitted and any fractional!
voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares into which shares of
Series Preferred held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole
number (with one-half being rounded upward).

(b) Voting for the Election of Directors. The authorized number of
directors of the corporation shall be seven (7). The holders of a majority of the Series C
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate series, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director. The
holders of a majority of the Series E Preferred Stock, voting as a separate series, shall be entitled
to elect two (2) directors. The holders of a majority of the Series Preferred, voting as a single
class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, shail be entitled to elect three (3) directors.
The holders of a majority of the Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to
elect one (1) director. .

(c) Vacancy. If there shall be any vacancy in the office of a director
elected or to be elected by the holders of any specified class or series of stock under Section 5(b)
above (the “Specified Stock”), then a director to hold office for the unexpired term of such
directorship may be elected by the required vote of holders of the shares of such Specified Stock
specified in Sectivn 5(b) above that are entitled to elect such director.

(d) Removal. Any director who shall have been elected by the holders
of any Specified Stock as.provided in Section 5(b) may be removed during his or her term of
office, without cause, by, iad only by, the affirmative vote, on an as-converted basis, of

699669.V3/HN a 13
SVW60201 3.7

‘Sspecrfied Stock represenliny the percentage vote required by Section 303 of the Cakilormua
Corporations Code, given either at a meeting of such shareholder: duly called fer that purpose or
pursuant to a written consent of sharcholders without a meeting, and any vacancy created by
such removal may be filled only in the manner provided in Section 5(c) above.

(e) Procedures. Any meeting of the holders of any Specified Stock,
and any action taken by the holders of any Specified Stock by wiitien consent without a meeting,
in order to elect or remove a director under this Section 5, shall be held in accordance with the
nrocedures and provisions of the Corporation’s Bylaws, the Califorma Corporauions Cou and
applicable iaw regarding shareholder meetings and shareholacr actions by wnitten consent, as
such are then in effect (including but not limited to procedu.cs and provisions for determining
the record date for shares entitled to vate}.

6. Protective Provisions.

(a) So long as at lezst 250,000 shares of Senes Preferred are
outstanding (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such
shares), the Corporatior shall not, directly or indirectly (whether by merger, consolidation or
otherwise), without first obtaining the appreval (by vote cr wntten consent, as provided by law)
of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series Preferred, voting as a single
class on an as-converted to Conanon Stock basis:

{i} liquidate or dissolve the Corporation;

(ii) amend its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
or its Bylaws;

(iii) effect an Acquisition, Asset Transfer or other sale,
conveyance or disposition, lease, license or encumbrance of all or subsiantial/y all of its property
or vusiness or merge into or consolidate wit’. any other corporation (other than a wholly-owned
subsidiary corporation) or effeci any transaction or ser.es of related transactions in which more
thar. fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Corporation is disposed of;

(iv) pay or declare any dividend, whether in cash or property,
on the Common Stock or the Series Preferrex:

{v) form arty subsidiary corporation;

(vi) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Series Preferred or Common
Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shal! not apply to the repurchase of shares of
Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing
services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements which have been approved
by the Corporation’s Board of Directors and under which the Corporation has the option to
repurchase such shares af cost or at cost upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the
termination of:employment,

(vii) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the
shares of the Series Preferred (by merger, ‘Feorganization or otherwise) or amend its Amended

699669 V3/HN . 14
SW\6021 11.7
and Restated Articles of Incorporation or its yy.aws; provided, however, thai in the event that
any such alteration or change, or any such arnendment. would mater dly and adversely effect
one serves of Senes Preferred in a different munner than other shares of Serics referred, then, so
long as al least 250,000 shares of such servs of Series Preferred are outstanding (as adjusted for
any stock dividends. combinations or sph.s with respect ‘o such shares,, such alteration, change
or amendment shall also require the approvai (vy vole or written consent, as provided hy law) of
the holders of at least a majonty of the then outstanding shares of such series of Series Pre ferred;

(vin) reclassify any series of Series Pre*erred or authorize or
issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other equity security, including any other security
convertible int or exerc’sable for any equity security, having a preference over, or being on 4
parity with, any of the series of the Serics Preferred, including as to dividends, liquidation
preference, redemption or voting;

(1x) increase or decrease the authorized rumber of shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock; or

0 increase or decrease the size of the Corporation's Board of
Directors.

7. Status of Converied or Redeemed Stock. in the event any shares of Series
Preferred shall be redeemed cr converted puisuant to Section 3 or Section 4 hereof, the shares so
converted or redeeined shall be canceled and shall not be issuable by the Corporation. The
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be appropriately
amended ‘o effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

1

C. Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior nights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when. as and if declared by the Corporation’s Board of
Directors, out of any assets of the Corporation legal! y available therefor, such dividends as may
be declared from time to time by the Corporation’s Loard of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided i in Section 2(b) of this
Article HI hereof.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. The holder shall have the right to one vote for each share
of Common Siock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance
with the Bylaws of the Corporaticn, and shail be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such
manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV
A. The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages

shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law. Unless applicable law

699669 V3/HIN 1s
SV\602111.7
otherwise provides, any amendment, repeal or modification of the immediately preceding
sontence shall not eliminate or reduce the effect of this Articie [V(A} in respect of any matter
occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article ['V(A), woald accrue or
arise, prior to the time of such amendment, repeal or mocification.

8. The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as
defined in Section 317 of the Cahformia Corporations Code) through bylaw provisions,
agreements with the agents, vote of shareholders or disinteresied directors, or otherwise im excess
of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Cude,
subject only to applicable limits set forth in Section 294 of the California Corporations Code
with respect to actions for breach of duty to the Corporaiion and its shareholders. Unless
applicable law otherwise requires, cny amendment, rep-:al or modification of any provision of
the immediately preceding sentence shall not adversely affect any contract or other right to
indemnification of any agent of the Corporation that existed at or prior *o the time of such
amendment, repeal or modification.

* * *

THREE: The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors
vu» said corpor?tion.

FUUR: the foregomg amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite
number of shares of said corvoration in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California
General Corporation Law; the total number of outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote
with respeci to the foregoing amendment was 10,893,291 shares of Common Stock; 829,545
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 4,794,616 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 8,576,341
shares of Series C Preferred Stock, 12,188,356 shares of Scries D Preferred Stock and
17,631,037 shares of Series E Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the
foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was
more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock
‘un an as converted to Common Stock basis), voting together without regard to, class or series;
more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Coramon Stock, voting as @ separaie
class; and more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stoc’ (on an as-
converted to Common Stock basis), voting together as a single class.

699669 VI/HIN 16
SVGO21 11.7
The undersignesl certify under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that they have read the foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and
know the contents thereof, and that the statements therein are true,

IN WITNESS WHFREOF, these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
have been signed by the President and Secretary of the Corporation under the laws of the State of

California this 2nd dey of April, 2008.

Craig Vivingstori, President

Eric Larkin, Secretary

The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State, of
California that they have read the foregoing Amended and Resiated Articles of Incorporation and
know the contents thereof, and that the staternents therein are true.

IN WiTNESS WHEREOF, these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
have been signed by the President and Secretary of the Corporation under the laws of the State of

California this 2,4 day of April, 2008.

Craig Livingston, President

f-
terrane eee sateen mm

Eric Larkin, Secretary

Signature Page lo Amer td & Restated Articles of lec orporation .

