R

_

0; aineaded: |
. Dancheng shaves of Sra DP

AD62KIS1 Do) gee

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
TO THE RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
ARENA SOLUTIONS, INC.

The undersigned Michac! Topolovac and Eric Larkin certify that:

pete A
uffice of the Secretary ai 2.
of the State of Catfomia

FEB 2 3 7905

Lex Siti
"RY SHELLEY, of Si

1. They are the President and Secretary, reapectively, of Arend Solutions, Inc., a

California corpération.

2. Articte TH Section A of the Articles of Incorporation of this cozporation is hereby

amended to read in its entirety as follows:

“Classeg: of Stock. This corporation is authorized to issue two classqs of
stock td: be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred
Stock.” ‘The total number of shares which this corporation is suthorizéd to
issue is 84,580,643 shares. 53,414,927 shares shall he Comman Stockjand
31,165,216 shures shall be Preferred Stock, 829,545 of which shall be
designatéd Serics A Preferred Stock (ths “Series A Preferred Stock”),
4,794,616 ‘of which shall be designated Series B Preferred Stock (“Séries

B Prefeinéd Stock"), 8,576,341 of which shall be designed oe of mich

Preferred Stock (“Sesies C Prefestred Stock’) and 16, 965,214 of

shall be iiesignated Series D Preferred Stock (“Series D Preferred

The Seried & Preferred Stock, the Soties B Fisfered Siock, the Seria C
Preforred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock are hereinafter collectively
referred.to'as the “Preferred Stock.””

3. Article IL Section B 4.(d)Gi)D) of the Articles of incorporatign is hereby

amended to read if its entirety as follows:

“(D) upto 1,250,000 shures of stock and/or warrants therefore (ndt of
repurchdses, expirations, cancellations end the like, and as edjusted for
stock divittends, combinations or splits) issued to leasing competies,
landlords, : Fenders and other providers of goods or services toi the
Company, : provided such issuances are for other than primarily equity
financing purposes and that te issuance of such securitiea is approved! by
‘s Board of Dircctors; or issued to parties providing) this

| coporeeh wit equipment leases, real property leases, louns, credit fines

or guarantbes of indebtedness; provided, the issuunce of such warrants is
approved by this corporation's Board of Directors; or’

4. Ariicte IN Section B 4.(d\ii) of the Articles of Incorporatich is hezeby

amended to add-ainew subsection (F) which shall read aa follows:

“(F) shares of Seties D Preferred Stock istusbie or issued
couvertii of bubaadinate converte, Soeeor

and all shares of Series D Preferred Stock issuable or issued upon exercise
of such: warrants; and (ii) all shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of all such shares of Series D Preferred Stock.”

5. The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by

6. Thie foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by
the required vate of shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and ion the Califomia
Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of the corporation is 11,232,463
shares of Commadn Stock and 26,388,857 shares of Preferred Stock, including 12,188,355 shares
of Series D Prefeired Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the equeled or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was more than of the shares of
Common Stock, more than 50% of the Series D Preferred Stock and mote than 50% of the
Preferred Stock. '

We further dectare under penalty of perjury under the luws of the State of California that
the matters ect forth in this certificate are true and correct af our own knowledge.

Lege ——
fac! Topolovac, President
hbal

Exic Larkin, Secretary

Dated: February 15, 2005
