A0543627 ite SIMU

In the office of the Secretary of State

22185290 of the Stcic of California
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION,
OF OPENSPEC, INC., PR12 2009

a California Corporation 6. LS ee
The undersigned Michael Topolovac and Eric Larkin hereby certify PHONES, of Stata

ONE: They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively,
of said corporation.

TWO: The Articles of Incorporation of said corporation shall be amended and
restated to read in full as follows:

I. ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is OpenSpec, Inc.
Il. ARTICLE I

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

i. ARTICLE Iii

A. Classes of Stock. This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of
stock to be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number
of shares which this corporation is authorized to issue is 16,500,000 shares. 15,000,000 shares
shall be Common Stock, and 1,500,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock, all of which shall be .
designated Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock”).

B. Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The rights,
preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to the Series A Preferred Stock are as follows:

L Dividend Provisions.

(a) The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, in the amount of $0.0352 per share
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, or splits with respect to such shares) per
annum, payable when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such dividends shall be
noncumulative. So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, no
dividend, whether in cash or property, shall be paid or declared (payable other than in Common
Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive,
directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of this corporation), nor shall any other
distribution be made, on the Common Stock, nor shall any shares of Common Stock of the
Company be purchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for value by the Company (except for
acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to agreements which permit the
Company to repurchase such shares, at the original purchase price for such shares, upon
termination of services to the Company or in exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal
upon a proposed transfer) until all then declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock shall have been paid or set apart.

(b) If, after dividends in the full preferential amount specified in this Section 1
for the Series A Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and set apart in any calendar year of
the Company, the Board shall declare additional dividends out of funds legally available therefor
in that calendar year, then such additional dividends shall be declared pro rata on the Common
Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock on a pari passu basis according to the number of shares of
Common Stock held by such holders, where each holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock is
to be treated for this purpose as holding the greatest whole number of shares of Common Stock
then issuable upon conversion of all shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder
pursuant to Section 4.

(c) | Whenever a dividend provided for in this Section 1 shall be payable in
property other than cash, the value of such dividend shall be deemed to be the fair market value
of such property as determined in good faith by the Board.

2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) _—_In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this
corporation, either voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation Event”), the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of
the assets of this corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership
thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) $0.44 for each outstanding share of Series A
Preferred Stock (the “Original Series A Issue Price”) as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares, and (ii) any accrued but unpaid dividends, on
each such share (collectively, the “Liquidation Amount”). If upon the occurrence of such event,
the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then,
the entire assets and funds of this corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the number
of such Series A Preferred Stock owned by each such holder.

(b) Upon the completion of the distribution required by subparagraph
(a) of this Section 2, all of the remaining assets of this corporation available for distribution to
shareholders shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Common Stock in propertion to
the number of shares of Common Stock owned by each such holder.

(c¢ @ For purposes of this Section 2, a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of this corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, (A) the
acquisition of this corporation by another entity or group by means of any transaction or series of
related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation
but, excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of this
corporation) in which the holders of the Company's outstanding shares immediately before such
consolidation or merger do not, immediately after such consolidation or merger, retain stock
representing a majority of the voting power of the surviving corporation of such consolidation or
merger; or (B)a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of this
corporation.

(ii) In any of such events, if the consideration received by this
corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value as determined in
good faith by this corporation’s Board of Directors. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability covered by (B) below:

(1) _ [If traded on a securities exchange or through
the Nasdaq National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of
the securities on such quotation system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior
to the closing;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over
the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(3) ‘If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by this corporation and the holders
of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as above in (A) (1), (2) or (3) to reflect
the approximate fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by this corporation and the
holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of such Preferred
Stock.

(iii) This corporation shall give each holder of record of
Series A Preferred Stock written notice of such impending transaction not later than twenty (20)
days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days
prior to the closing of such transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in
writing of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the
material terms and conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions of this Section 2,
and this corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes.
The transaction shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after this corporation
has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after this corporation
has given notice of any material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that such
periods may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of Preferred Stock that are

3
entitled to such notice rights or similar notice rights and that represent at least a majority of the
voting power of all then outstanding shares of such Preferred Stock.

3. Redemption. The Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a)___ Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such
share, at the office of this corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of
fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original
Series A Issue Price by the Conversion Price applicable to such share, determined as hereafter
provided, in effect on “re date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial
Conversion Price per share for shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be the Original Series A
Issue Price; provided, however, that the Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall
be subject to adjustinent as set forth in subsection 4(d).

(b)___ Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
shali automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the
time in effect for such Series A Preferred Stock immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as
provided beiow in subsection 4(c), this corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a firm
commitment underwriticn public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), as amended, the public offering price of which was
not less than $5.00 per share (adjusted to reflect subsequent stock dividends, stock splits or
recapitalization), with aggregate gross proceeds to this corporation of at least $10,000,000, or
(ii) the date specified by written consent or agreement of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-
thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(c)_ Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of this corporation or of any
transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, and shail give written notice to this corporation at
its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name
or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued.
This corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such
holder of Series A Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shali be entitled as
aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of
business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted,
and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shail be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering
of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion may, at the option of any
holder tendering Series A Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with
the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s)
entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not
be deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the
closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations.

(i) The Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock shall
be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(A) If this corporation shall issue or be deemed pursuant
to the terms hereof to have issued, after the Purchase Date of any series of Preferred Stock, any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideraticn or for a consideration per share less
than the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such
Additional Stock, the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to each such
issuance shall forthwith (except as otherwise provided in this clause (i)) be adjusted to a price
equal to a price determined by multiplying that Conversion Price by a fraction (1) the numerator of
which will be the sum of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to such issue or sale, plus (b) the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received (or deemed received) by the Company for the total number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock so issued (or deemed issued) would purchase at such Conversion Price,
and (2) the denominator of which will be the sum of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue or sale plus (b) the number of such Additional Shares
of Common Stock so issued (or deemed issued). For the purposes of this Section, all shares of

Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of outstanding options, warrants and_.

Preferred Stock of the Company shall be deemed to be outstanding and immediately after any
Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed issued pursuant to subsection 4(d){i)(E), such
Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(B) No adjustment of the Conversion Price for the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share, provided that
any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried
forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to three
years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be
made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being
carried forward. Except to the limited extent provided for in subsections (E)(3) and (E)(4), no
adjustment of such Conversion Price pursuant to this subsection 4(d) shall have the effect of
increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
adjustment and except as set forth in subsection 4(d)(iv) below, no such adjustment shall have
the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Original Series A Issue Price.

(C) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for
cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount cf cash paid therefor before deducting
any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by this
corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(D) In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for
a consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(E) In the case of the issuance (whether before, on or
after the Purchase Date) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock,
securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common: Stock or options to
purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following
provisions shall apply for all purposes of this subsection 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
exercisability, including without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account
potential antidilution adjustments) of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for
a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in
subsections 4(d)(i)(C) and (d)@O)), if any, received by this corporation upon the issuance of
such options or rights plus the minimum exercise price provided in such options or rights
(without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered
thereby.

(2) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange (assuming the satisfaction of
any conditions to convertibility or exchangeability, including, without limitation, the passage of
time, but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) for any such convertible
or exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof suall
be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights
were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by this
corporation for any such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on
account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if
any, to be received by this corporation (without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the <xercise of any related
options or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in
subsections 4(d)(i)(C) and (d)(i)(D)).

(3) ‘In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to this corporation upon
exercise of such options or rights, upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or
exchangeable securities or options or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable
securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution provisions
thereof, the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected
by or computed using such options, rights or securities, shall be recomputed to reflect such
change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any
payment of such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion
or exchange of such securities.

(4) | Upon the expiration of any such options or
rights, the termination of any such rights io convert or exchange or the expiration of any options
or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price of the
Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options,
rights or securities or options or rights related to such securities, shall be recomputed to reflect
the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable
securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights,
upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights
related to such securities.

(5) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to subsections 4(d){i)(E}(1)
and (2) shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination cr expiration of the type
described in either subsection 4(d)(i}(E)(3) or (4).

(ii) “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common
Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to subsection 4(d)(i)(E)) by this
corporation after the Purchase Date other than:

(A) | shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a
transaction described in subsection 4(d)(iii) hereof;

(B) shares of Common Stock and/or options therefore
issued or issuable to employees, officers, directors, consultants or advisors of this corporation
directly or pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted stock plan or other arrangement approved
by the Board of Directors of this corporation;

(C) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
shares of Preferred Stock;

(D) shares of stock and or warrants therefore issued to
leasing companies, landlords, lenders and other providers of goods or services to the Company,
provided such issuances are for other than primarily equity financing purposes and that the
issuance of such securities is approved by this corporation’s Board of Directors; or

(iii) In the event this corporation should at any time or from
time to time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock
entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution peyable in additional shares of Common Stock
or other securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or

7
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock
Equivalents”) without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of
Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of
such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of
the Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in
proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those
issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents.

(iv) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at
any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for
the Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in
proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) _ Other Distributions. In the event this corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by this
corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to
in subsection 4(d)(iii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this subsection 4(e), the holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution
as though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of this corporation
into which their shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for
the determination of the holders of Common Stock of this corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be
a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale
of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Section 2) provision shall be
made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities
or property of the Company or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate
adjustment shali be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the
rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock) shall be
applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(g)_ No Impairment. Without the consent of the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock as specified in Section 6, this corporation will not, by amendment of its
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed hereunder by this corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in
the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may
be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. Whether or not fractional shares are
issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion. In lieu of any fractional
share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay the holder cash
equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the Common Stock's fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors as of the date of conversion.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, this corporation, at
its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock a certificate
setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. This corporation shall, upon the written request at any time
of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for such
series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by this
corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the
holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, this corporation shall mail
to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, at least twenty (20) days prior to the date specified
therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of
such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution
or right.

e i rsion. This corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to
effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock; and if at any time
the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect

9
the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, in addition io such
other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, this corporation will
take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to suck number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite
shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these articles.

(k)___Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited
in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of this corporation.

5. Voting Rights.

(a)___ General Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the right to one vote for each share of Common Stock into which such
Series A Preferred Stock could then be converted, and with respect to such vote, such holder
shall have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of
Common Stock, and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any
shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of this corporation, and shall be entitled to
vote, together with holders of Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders
of Common Stock have the right to vote. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and
any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares into
which shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be
rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

orum. At any meeting held for the purpose of electing directors,
the presence in person or by proxy the holders of a majority of the shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock and Common Stock representing a majority of the voting power of all the then-
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock shall constitute a quorum.

6. __ Protective Provisions. This corporation shall not without first obtaining
the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of a majority of the
then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock:

(a) sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all.of its
property or business or merge into or consolidate with any other corporation (other than a
wholly-owned subsidiary corporation) or effect any transaction or series of related transactions in
which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of this corporation is disposed of;

(b) _ alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock or amend its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws so as to affect adversely such shares;
(c) authorize, create or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other
equity security, including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity
security having a preference over, or being on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock;

(d) engage in any action that reclassifies any outstanding shares of the
corporation’s capital stock into shares having preference over, or being on a parity with, the
Series A Preferred Stock;

(e) liquidate or dissolve this corporation;

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled
and shall not be issuable by this corporation, The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation
shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in this corporation’s
authorized capital stock.

C. Common Stock.

L. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends and as provided in Section 1 of
Division B of Article III, the holders of the Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and
as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of this corporation legally available
therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors.

Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
this corporation the assets of this corporation shall be distributed as Provided 1 in Section 2 of
Division (B) of this Article III hereof.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with
the bylaws of this corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such
manner as may be provided by law.

IV. ARTICLEIV

1. The liability of the directors of this corporation for monetary damages
shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

2. This corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as
defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through bylaw pvovisions,
agreements with the agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise in excess
of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code,
subject only to applicable limits set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations Code
with respect to actions for breach of duty to this corporation and its shareholders.

11
* * *

THREE: The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors
of said corporation.

FOUR: The foregoing amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite
number of shares of said corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California
General Corporation Law; the total number of outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote
with respect to the foregoing amendment was 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock. The number
of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required,
such required vote being a majority of tis cutstanding shares of Common Stock.

[The remainder of this page left intentionally blank.]

12
The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury that they have read the foregoing
Restated Articles of Incorporation and know the contents thereof, and that the statements therein
are true.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation

have been signed by the President and Secretary of this corporation this 7¢, day of April, 2000 at
Palo Alto, California

ichael Topolovac, President

Eric Larkin, Secretary

13
