Di

State of Delaware

of State

vision Spree
Delivered 05:47 10/29/2008

10/29/2008

FILED 05:48 PM
SRV 081077579 =~ 2749040 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION OF
THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
ARGOS THERAPEUTICS, INC.

October 29, 2008

Argos Therapeutics, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the Delaware General

Corporation Law, does hereby certify:

1.
2.

5.

6.

The name of the corporation is Argos Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”.

The Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company filed by the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware on March 28, 2008 (as amended, the “Charter”), requires correction as
permitted by Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

The inaccuracies or defects of the Certificate of Amendment to be corrected pertain to the number of
authorized shares of the Company’s capital stock that investors were to be issued in connection with the
cancellation of certain accrued dividends.

The first sentence of Section 4.3.2.4 of the Charter is hereby corrected to read as follows:

“Tn the event a holder of Series A Preferred (i) executes the Series C Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement by and among the Company and the Purchasers named therein dated on or about the Filing
Date (the “Series C Purchase Agreement”) and commits to purchase thereunder an amount of Series C
Preferred having an aggregate purchase price at least equal to such holder’s Pro Rata Share as set forth
opposite such holder’s name on Exhibit A-3 to the Series C Purchase Agreement (such holder’s “Pro
Rata Share’), and (11) at the Initial Closing (as defined in the Series C Purchase Agreement; hereafter,
the “Initial Closing”) purchases the amount of Series C Preferred allocated to such holder as set forth
opposite such holder’s name under the heading “Cash Initial Shares” on Exhibit A-1 to the Series C
Purchase Agreement, then at the Initial Closing such holder shall be issued a number of additional
shares of Series A Preferred as shall be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company.”

The first sentence of Section 4.4.2.4 of the Charter is hereby corrected to read as follows:

“Tn the event a holder of Series B Preferred (i) executes the Series C Purchase Agreement and commits
to purchase thereunder an amount of Series C Preferred having an aggregate purchase price at least
equal to such holder’s Pro Rata Share as set forth opposite such holder’s name on Exhibit A-3 to the
Series C Purchase Agreement, and (ii) at the Initial Closing purchases the amount of Series C Preferred
allocated to such holder as set forth opposite such holder’s name under the heading “Cash Initial
Shares” on Exhibit A-1 to the Series C Purchase Agreement, then at the Initial Closing such holder shall
be issued a number of additional shares of Series A Preferred as shall be determined by the Board of
Directors of the Company.”

The first sentence of Section 4.5.2.4 of the Charter is hereby corrected to read as follows:

“Tn the event, a holder of Series B-l Preferred (i) executes the Series C Purchase Agreement and
commits to purchase thereunder an amount of Series C Preferred having an aggregate purchase price at
least equal to such holder’s Pro Rata Share as set forth opposite such holder’s name on Exhibit A-3 to
the Series C Purchase Agreement, and (ii) at the Initial Closing purchases the amount of Series C
Preferred allocated to such holder as set forth opposite such holder’s name under the heading “Cash
Initial Shares” on Exhibit A-1 to the Series C Purchase Agreement, then at the Initial Closing such
holder shall be issued a number of additional shares of Series A Preferred as shall be determined by the
Board of Directors of the Company.”

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
2
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Correction to be executed effective as
of the date first set forth above.
ARGOS THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ William N. Wofford
William N. Wofford, Assistant Secretary
Ar gos Therapeutics, Inc.
Certificate of Correction of
Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
- Signature Page -
