589993 - FILED
in the office of the Secretary of Sta!
p ; of the State of California
006T7Y
ib WOVY 1 3 rang

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
ARIAT INTERNATIONAL, INC.

ELIZABETH CROSS and TODD Levy hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary. respectively. of
ARIAT INTERNATIONAL. INC., a California corporation (the Company”).

TWO: = The Articles of Incorporation of this Company are hereby amended and
restated to read as follows:

I.
The name of this corporation is ARIAT INTERNATIONAL, INC.
I.

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any tawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incerporated by the California Corporations Code.

Ill.

A. Authorization ef Shares. The Company is authorized to issue two ciasses of
stock to be designated, respectively. “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” beth of which
shali have no par value. The total number of shares which the Cumpany is authorized to issue is
nineteen million four hundred thousand (19,400,000) shares, ten million (16.000,090) shares of
which shall be Common Stock and nine million four hundred thousand (9 400.000) shares of
which shall be Preferred Stock.

B. Designation of Additional Series of Preferred Stock. Subject to the other terms
and provisions of these Amended and Restated Articles, the Board of Directors of the Company
(the “Board™’) may designate, fix the number of shares of, and determine or alter the rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon, any additional wholly
unissued series of Preferred Stock. Subject to the other terms and provisions of these Amended
and Restated Articles, as to any series of Preferred Stock the nutnher of shares of which is
authorized to be fixed by the Board, the Board may, within any limits and restrictions stated in
the resolutions of the Board originally fixing the number of shares constituting such series,
increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the
number of shares of any such series subsequent to the issue of shares of that Series. Subject to
the other terms and provisions of these Ainended and Restated Articles. any new series of
Preferred Stock may be designated, fixed and determined as provided herein by the Board
without further approval of the holders of the Common Stock or Prefe*red Stock, or any series
thereof.
C. All nine million four hundred thousand (9,400,000) of the authorized shares of
Prelerred Stock are hereby designated “Series | Preferred Stock” (the “Series 1 Preferred”).

D. Effective upon the date of filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of California (the “Conversion Date’).
each then outstanding one (1) issued or outstanding share of the Company's Preferred Stock,
including any shares designated as Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock or Series E Preterred Stock (collectively. the “Old
Convertible Preferred”), shalt automatically be converted “ate issued and outstanding sharcs of
Series | Preferred share-for-share on an as-converted to Common Stock basis without any action
by the holders of such shares. The person entitled to receive the certificates representing shares
of Series | Preferred issued upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder of shares of Series | Preferred on the Conversion Date. Each stock certificate
representing shares of Old Convertibiy Preferred that are converted into shares of Series |
Preferred pursuant to this Article II, Section D shall thereafter represent the same number of
shares of Series i Preferred into which the shares of Old Convertible Preferred represented by
such certificate have been converted hereby; provided, however, that each person holding of
record a stock certificate that represented such shares of Old Convertible Preferred shall receive.
upon surrender of such certificate or certificates, new certificates evidencing and representing
the shares of Series | Preferred into which such shares of Cid Convertible Preferred were
converted. Any certificate for one or more shares of Old Convertible Preferred that are
converted into shares of Serics | Preferred pursuant to this Article III. Section D not so
surrendered shall be deemed to represent the number of shares of Series | Preferred as
contemplated hereby.

E. The rights, preferences, privileges. restrictions and other matters relating to the
Series | Preferred are as follows:

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

(a) Holders of Series | Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Common Stock. shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board, but only out
of tunds that are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of ten percent (!0%) of the
Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series |

Preferred. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board and shall
be non-cumulative.

(b) The “Original Issue Price” of the Series i Preferred shall be
twenty dollars ($20.00) per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends. combinations. splits.
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after November 13, 2006).

(c) So long as any shares of Serics ! Preferred are outstanding, the
Company shall not pay or declare any dividend, whether in cash or property, or make any other
distribution on the Common Stock or the Preferred Stock. or purchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire for value any shares of Common Stock or the Preferred Stock until all dividends as set
forth in Section i{a) above on the Series | Preferred shall have been paid or declared in full aid
sufficient funds therefore shall have bcen set apart for payment, except for:

QO20K8 VITIN

i)
(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
compensators agreements with employees or consultants to the Company which permit. the
Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or fair market value) upon
termination of services to the Company pursuant to compensatory stock purchase or stock option
plans or other compensatory arrangements that are approved by the Board;

(ii) acquisitions of Common Stock or the Preferred Stock in
exercise of the Company's right of first refusal to repurchase such shares pursuant to rights that
are outstanding on the Original Issue Date (as defined below):

(iii) distributions to holders of Preferred Stock in accordance
with Sections U(d). 3. 4 or 6: or

(iv) — distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance
with Sections 3 and 4.

(d) In the event any cash or non-cash dividends aig paid on any share
of Common Stock, the Company shall pay an additional dividend on all outstanding shares of
Series | Preferred in the same form and in a per share amount equal (on an as-if-converted to
Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set aside for each share oF Common Stock.

(e) ‘The provisions of Sections I(c} and Id) shail not apply to a
dividend payable sclely in Common Stock to which the provisions of Section 5(f) hereof are
applicable. or any repurchase of any outstanding securities of the Company that is approved by
(i) the Board and (ii) the Series 1 Preferred as may be required by these Articies of
Incorporation,

(f) The holders of the Serics | Preferred expressly waive their rights.
if any, as described in Section 502 and 503 of the General Corporation Law of California as they
relate to repurchases of shares of Common Stock upon termination of employment or service 4s
a consultant or director so long as such repurchases are in accordance with Section 1(c)(i).

2. VOTING RIGHTs.

(a) General Rights. Each holder of shares of the Series | Preferred
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such shares of Series | Preferred could be converted (pursuant to Section 5 hereof)
immediately aiter the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or the effective
date of such written consent and shall have voting rights and powers equa! to the voting rights
and powers of the Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
accordance with the bylaws of the Company and in any event at the same time and in the sane
manner as provided to holders of Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein or as
required by law, the Series | Preferred shall vote tugether with the Common Stock at any annua

or special meeting of the shareholders and not as & separate class, and may act ly written
consent.

HNQUSS v1 IAIN 3
(hb) Separate Vote of Series 1 Preferred. For so long as at least
500,000 shares of Series | Preferred (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split
or other similar event affecting the Series 1 Preferred after November 13. 2006) - main
outstanding. in- addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law. the vote or
written consent of the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding Series |
Preferred, voting or acting by wiilten consent as a separate class, shall be necessary for effecting
or vatidating the followfag actions (whether by merger, recapitalization or otherwise):

(i) Any amendment alteration or repeai of any provision of
the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (including any filing of a Certificate of
Determination) that alters or chaiges (x) the voting or other powers, preferences or other special
rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series | Preferred ov (y) Article TV hereof, or the adoption
ofany provision inconsistent with any of the foregoing,

(i) Any incresse or decreas: in the authorized number of
shares of Series | Preterred or any issuance of Series | Preferred after the Original issue Date (as
detined below):

(iii) =Any authorizatien, designation or issuance, whether by
reclassification or otherwise, of any new class or series oj stock or any other securities, rights or
interests convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity (“Parity Stock”)
with or senior (“Senior Stock”) to the Series | Preferred in right of redemption, liquidation
preference, voting or dividend rights (regardless of whether or not dividends are required to be
declared) or any increase in the authorized or designated number of an.’ such new class or series:

(iv) Any Acquisition (as defined herein), including without
limitation, any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any corporation if such
merger or consolidation otherwise requires approval of any class or series of equity securities of
tie Company or would result in the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such
merger or consclidation holding less than a majority of the voting power o7 the stock of the
surviving corporation immediately after such merger o: consolidation (provided that this Section
2(b){iv) shall not apply to any transaction that would not require approv | pursuant to Section
2(b)(ix) hereof):

(v) Any Asset Transfer (as defired herein), including wi.hout
limitation any action that results in the sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, including by way of issuance or transfer of the

equity securities (or rights or interests therein) of one or more subsidiaries of ihe Company or the
assets thereof:

(vi) Any declaration or payment of dividends with respect to
Common Stock (other than dividends payable solely in shares of stock othe ~ than Parity Stock o*
Senior Stock):

(vii) Any redemption, repurchase of or other distributions with

respect to Common Steck or Preferred Stock or other equity securities of the Company or rights
or interests therein (except for acquisitions of, and distributions to, Common Stock and Preferred

WOIOKS LE ETIN 4.
Stock by the Company permitted by Sections Hc). (ii). (iii) and (iv). 3 and 4 hereo®™ and
redemptions required by Section 6 hereof):

(viii) [Reserved]:

(ix) = Any acquisition of another entity. business or operating
unit. division or assets (other than inventory in the ordinary course) by the Company in one or a
series of relaied transactions, including by way of merger or consolidation or purchase of assets
or capital stock or other rights or interests where the consideration paid or payable (including the
assumption of liabilities) by the Company in such transaction exceeds $10,000,000;

(x) Any formation of a new direct or indirect subsidiary of the
Company other than in the ordinary course of business for a bona fide business purpose, any
issuance or sale, or other direct or indirect transfer, of any securities of any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company (other than to the Company or to a direct or indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary thereof): or taking any action with respect to any such direct or indirect subsidiary if
such action would require ihe approval of the holders of the Series | Preferred or of the
shareholders of the Company were such action taken by the Company or if such action would
have the purpose or effect of circumventing any of tie rights. powers or privileges of the Series |
Preferred: and

(xi) Any amendment, alteration, or repeal of any provision of
the Bylaws of she Company that (A) alters o- changes the voting or other powers, preferences or
other special rights, powers. privileges or restrictions of the Series | Preferred, (8) alters or
chanyes Article V1 or Article X thereof, (C) impairs the rights. powers or privileges, or increases
the obligatio** of the members of the Board. or (D) materially impairs the rights, powers or
privileges, or increases the obligations, of the shareholders of the Company. or the adoption of
any provision inconsistent with any of the foregoing.

For so long as at least 5C0,000 shares of Series | Preferred (subject to adjustment for any
stock split. reverse stock split or other similar cvent affecting the Series | Preferred after
November 13, 2005) remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent required herein
or by law, the vote or written consent of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent
(66-2/3%) of the outstanding Series | Preferred, voting or acting by written consent as a separate
class, shall be necessary for effecting or validating: any voluntary dissolution or liquidation of
the Company: any application for or consent to the appointment of a receiver. custodian, trustce,
liquidator or similar fiduciary of the Company or of all or a substantial part of the Company’s
property; the making of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, the commencement of a
voluntary case under any state or federal bankruptcy latvs (as now or hereafter in effect): the
filing of a petition seeking to take advantage of any other :aw providing for the relief of debtors:
or any decision to acquiesce to anv petition filed against the Company in any involuntary case
under any state or * — ral bankruptcy laws.

(c) Election of Board of Directors.

(i) For se long as at least 620.000 shares of Series | Preferred
remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split. reverse stock split or similar event

OOIOKS VETTUIN 5.
affecting the Series | Preferred alter November 13, 2006), except as otherwise required by
Section 6(c) below, the Board shall consist of eight (8) members and the holders of Series |
Preferred, voting or acting by written consent as a separate class, shall be entitled to cleet four
(4) members of the Board (the “Series 1 Directors”) at cach meeting or pursuant to each consem
of the holders of Series | Preferred for the clection of directors. and to remove from office such
directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(ii) The hviders of Common Stock and Series | Preferred.
voting together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect ali
remaining members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company's
sharcholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(iii) in the event of a Liquidity Event Default (as defined in
Section 6(c) hereof), the number of members constituting the Board shall be increased in
accordance with Section 6(c). and the holders of the Series | Preferred, voting as a separate
class. shall be entitled to elect such number of additional directors as shall be necessary to give
effect to Section 6(c) hereof.

3. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

(a) Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company.
whether voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation™), the assets of the Company legally available
for distribution to the holders of equity securities of the Company in such Liquidation (or the
consideration received by the Company or its shareholders in an Acquisition or .Asset Transfer.
each as defined in Section 4(b) hereof), shal! be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common
Stock and Series | Preferred on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis after giving effect to
the next sentence. The proceeds distributed to the holders or Series | Preferred in connection
with such Liquidation shall include all declared and unpaid dividends on the Series | Preferred.

4, ASSET TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION RIGHTS.

(a) —_In the event that the Company is a party to an Acquisition or Asset
Transfer, then each holder of Series 1 Preferred and each holder of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, for each share of Series | Preferred and Common Stock then held, out of the
proceeds of such Acquisition or Asset Transfer, the amount of cash, securities or other property
to which such holder would be entitled to receive in a Liquidation pursuant to Section 3 above.

(b) For the purposes of this Section 4: (i) “Acquisition” shall mean
(A) any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or other
entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization, other than any such consolidation, merger
or reorganization in which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such
censolidation. merger or reorganization. continue to hold at least a majority of the voting power
of the surviving entity in the same prcportions (or, if the surviving entity is a wholly owned
subsidiary, its parent) immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization; or (B) any
transaction or series of related transactions to which the Company is a party in which in excess
of fifty percent (50%) of the Company’s voting power is transferred; and (ii) “Asset Transfer”

HOIOKS VTFHEIN 6.
shall mean a sale, lease. exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company, including by way of issuance or transter of t.2 equity Securities (or rights
or interests therein) of one or more subsidiaries of the Company or the asscts thereof;

(c) In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be
received is securities of a corporation or other property other than cash, its value will be deemed
its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board on the date such determination is
made and each type of such consideration will be allocated and paid pro raia to the holders of
Scrics | Preferred (based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series |
Preferred is then convertible) and Common Stock.

§. CONVERSION RIGHTS.

The holders of the Series | Preterred shall have the following rights with
respect to the conversion of the Series | Preferred into shares of Common Stock (the
“Conversion Rights”):

(a) Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 5, any shares of Series | Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be
converted at any time into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number
of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series | Preterred shall be entitled upon
conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the “Series | Preferred Conversion
Rate™ then in effec: (determined as provided in Section 5(b)) by the number of shares of Series |
Preferred being converted.

(b) Series 1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate in
effect at any time for conversion of the Series | Preferred (the “Series 1 Preferred Conversion
Rate’) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Original Issue Price of the Series |
Preterred by the “Series | Preferred Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section Sic).

(c) Series 1 Preferred Conversion Price. The conversion price for
the Series | Preferred shall initially be the Original Issue Price of the Series | Preferred (the
“Series 1 Preferred Conversion Price’). Such initial Series | Preferred Conversion Price shall
be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series |
Preferred Conversion Price herein shail mean the Series | Preferred Conversion Price as so
adjusted.

(d) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series | Preferred who
desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 5 shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed. at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Series i Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Company at
such office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of
shares of Series | Preferred being converted. Thereupon, the Company shall promptly issue and
deliver at such office to such holder a certificate ur certificates for the number of shares of
Commen Stock to which such holder is entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the
extent sufficient finds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at the Cummon
Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of such conversion), any

602085 VEIN 7.
declared and unpaid dividends en the shares of Series | Preferred being converted and (ii) in
cash (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of
conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stuck otherwise issuable to any holder
of Series | Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made at the close of
business on the date of such surrender of the certificates reprusc ating the shares of Series i
Preferred to be converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such
shares of Commor Stock 0” such date.

(e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If at any time
or from time to time on or after November 13, 2006 (the “Original Issue Date”) the Company
effects a subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock without a corresponding subdivision of
the Series i Preferred, the Series | Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before that
subdivision shall be proportionately decreased. Conversely. if at any time or from time to time
afler the Original Issue Date the Comnany couibines tiie outstanding shares of Common Stock
int» . smaller number of shares without a corresponding combination of the Series | Preferred.
the Series | Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shall be
proportionately increased. Any adjustment under this Section 5(e) shall become effective at the

clase of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective as provided
below:

(i) If the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Commen Stock are subject to the subdivision or combination, the Series | Preferred
Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close of business on such record date and the number of
shares of Common Stock shal! be calculated immediately prior to the close of business on such
record date: and

(ii) If such record date is fixed and such subdivision or
combination is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Series 1 Preferred Conversion Price
Shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter
the Scries | Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section 5(e) to reflect
the actual subdivision or combination.

(f) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividend: and Distributions.
If at any time or from time to time on or after the Original Issue Date ihe Company pays to
helders of Common Stock a dividend or other distribution in additional shares of Common Stock
without a corresponding dividend or other distribution to holders of Preferi! Stach. the Series |

Preferred Conversion Price then in effect shall be decreased as of the time .: -ccin issuance. +s
provided below:

(i) The Series | Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted
by multiplying the Series | Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction equal to:

(A) — the numerator of which is the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately p:ior to the time of such issuance, and

HU2085 VUTAIN 8.
(B) the denominator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution:

(ii) If the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution. the Series |
Preferred Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close of business on such record date and the
number of shares of Common Stock shall be calculated immediately prior to the close of
business on such record date: and

{iii) If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor. the Series | Preferred
Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date
and thereafter the Series | Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant tu this Section
5(f) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

(g) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, Substitution,
Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. If at any time or from time to time on or after the
Original Issue Date the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series | Preferred is
changed into the same or a different numter of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether
by recapitalizstion, reclassification. merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an
Acquisitien or Asset Transfer. each as defined in Section 4, or a subdivision or combination of
shares or stock dividend provided for elsewhere in this Section 5), in any such event each holder
of Series | Preferred shall then have the right to convert such stock into the kind and amount of
stock and other securities and property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification,
merger, consolidation or other change by holders of the maximum number of shares.of Common
Stock inte which such shares of Series | Preferred could have beea converted immediately prior
to such recapitalization. reclassification. merger, consolidation or change, all subject to further
adjustinent as provided herein or with respect to such oiher securities or property by the terms
thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of Series | Preferred after
such event to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including adjustment of the Series |
Preferred Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares issuable upcn conversion of
the Series | Preferred) shall be applicable after thet «vent and be as nearly equivalent ss
practicable.

(h) Sale of Shares Below Series 1 Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) If at any time or from time to time on or after the Original
Issue Date the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this
Section 5(h) to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined below).
other than as provided in Scction 5(e). 5(f) or 5(g) above, for an Effective Price (as defined
below) less than the then effective Series | Preferred Conversion Price (a “Qualifying Dilutive

Issuance’), then and in each such case, the then existing Series | Preferred Conversion Price
shall be reduced, as of the opening of luisiness on the date of such issue or sale. to a price

QUZIBS VI TIN 9,
determined oy multiplying the Series i Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediaicly pricr to
Such isstiunce or sale by a fraction equal to:

(A) — the nuverator of which shall be (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed ouistanding (as determined delow) immediately prior to such
issue or sale. plus (B) the number of shares of Conimon Stock which the Aggregate
Consideration (as defined below) received or deemed received by the Company for the total
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such then-existing
Series | Preferred Conversion Price. and

(B) the denominator of which shal! he the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale plus the total number of Aviditiona! Shares of Common Stock so issuct!.

For the purposes of ihe preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A) the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding. (B) the number cf shares of Common Stock into which the then
outstanding shares of Series | Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediately preceding the given date, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which are
issuable upor. the exercise or conversion of all other rights. opiions and convertible securities
outstanding on the day immediately precedins the given date with a conversion or ¢. 2rcise price
less than or equal to the Ettective Price.

(ii) No adjustment shall be made tc the Series | Preferred
Conversion Price in an amount less than one cent per share. Any adjustment required by this
Secticn 5(h) shall be rounded to the nearest one cent ($0.01) per share. Any adjustment
otherwise recuired by this Section 5(h) that is not required to be made due to the preceding two
sentences shall be included in any subsequent adjustment to the Series | Preferred Conversion
Price.

(iii) | For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section 5(h). the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of
securities (the “Aggregate Consideration”) shall be defined as: (A) tc the extent it consists of
cash, be computed at the gross amount of cash received by the Company before deduction of
customary and reasonabie underwriting or similar commissions, compensation or concessions
paid or allowed by the Company in connection with such issue or sale and without deduction of
customary and reasonabie expenses payable by the Company, (B) to the extent it consists of
property other than cash, be computed at the fair value of that property as determined in good
faith by the Board. and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock. Convertible Securities (as
defined below) or rights or options to purchase either Additional Shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or securities or other assets of
the Company for a consideration which covers both, be computed as the portion of the
consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board to be

allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock. Convertible Securities or rights or
options.

BUDORS SE 2EEN 10.
(iv) For the purpese of the adjustment required under ih.

Section S¢h). ifthe Company issues or sells (x) Preferred Stock or other stock, options, warraris,
purchase rights, interests or other securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for.
Additional Shares of Common Stock (such convertible, exercisable or exchangeable stock or
securities being herein reterred to us “Convertible Securities”) or (y) rights or options for tae
purchase of Additionar Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and if he Effective
Price of such Additional Shares of Common Stock is less than the Series | Preferred Conversion
Prige. in cach case the Company shall be deemed to have issued at the time of the issuance of
such rights, interests or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number of Additional
Shares of Cammon Stock issuable upon excreise, exchange or conversion thereof and to have
rece: ved as consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of
the consideration, if any. received by the Company for the issuance of such rights or options or
Convertible Securities plus:

(A) — in the case of such rights, interests or options. the
minimum amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such
rights or options: and

(B) in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise, exchange or
conversion thereof (other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such
Convertible Securities).

(C) If the mininium amount of consideration payable to
the Company upon the exercise or conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is
reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events for which no
adjustment is made tc the Conversion Price hereunder, the Effective Price shall be recalculated
using the figure to which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced; provided further,
that if tne minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or
conversion of such rights, interests, options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased
or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events for which no adjustment is made to
the Conversion Price hereunder, the Effective Price shall be again recalculated using the
increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Comp:ny upon the exercise or
conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities.

(D) No further adjustment of the Series | Preferred
Conversion Price, as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, interests, options or Convertible
Securities, shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common
Stock or the exercise of any such rights, interests or options or the conversion of any such
Convertible Securities. If any such rights, interests or options or the conversion privilege
represented by any such Convertible Securities shall expire without having been exercised. the
Series | Preferred Conversion Price as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights. interests.
options or Convertible Securities shall be readjusted to the Series | Preferred Conversion Price
which would have been in effect had an adjustment been made on the basis that the only
Additional Shares of Common Stack so issued were the Additional Shares of Common Stock, if
any. actually issued or sold cn the exercise of such rights, interests or options cr rights of

GO20RS VE 7AIN WI
conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such Additional Shares of Common Stock. ifaiy.
were issued or seld for the consideration actually received by the Company upon such exercise.
plus the consideration, if any. actually received by the Company for the granting of all such
rights, interests or options. whether or not exercised. plus the consideration received for issuing
or selling the Convertible Securities actually converted. exercised or exchanged, plus the
consideration, ifany. aciually received by the Company (other than by cancellation of liabilities
or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the conversion, exercise or exchange
of such Convertible Securities. provided that such readjustment shall not apply to prior
conversions of Series | Preferred.

(v) For the purpose of making any adjustment to the
Conversion Price of the Series | Preferred required under this Section 5(h), “Additional Share:
of Commen Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed
to be issued pursuant to this Section 5(h) (including shares of Common Stock subsequently
reacquirea or retired by the Company), other than:

(A) | shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
the Series | Preferred:

(B) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued after the Original Issue Date to employees. officers or directors of, or consultants or
advisors to the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to compensatory stock purchase or stock
option plans or other compensatory arrangements that are approved by the Board; and

(C) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement
or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board;.provided
that the Company may not issue shares of Common Stcck or Convertible Securities, in the
aggregate, under such arrangements to the extent the number of shares of such Common Stock or
Convertible Securities exceed one half of one percent (0.5%) of the skares of Common Stock
{assuming conversion of the Series | Preferred and any other Convertible Securities of the
Company) then outstanding.

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (v) above shall
mean all shares of Common Stcck issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to
this Section 5(h). The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall rnean the
quotient determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued
or sold. or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company this Section 5(h), into the
Aggregate Consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Company for such
issue under this Section 5(h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event that the
number of shares of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the Effective Price cannot be
ascertained at the time of issuance. such Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be deemed
issued immediately upon the occurrence of the first event that makes such number uf shares or
the Effective Price, as applicable, ascertainable.

(vi) In the event that the Company issues or sells or is deemed
lo have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance

eOIORS VEZ/EIN I2
(the “First Dilutive Issuance”), then in the event that the Company or any ef its subsidiaries
issues or sells, or is deemed to have issued or sold. Additienal Shares of Cenimon Stock ina
Cwalitying Dilutive Issuance other than the First Dilutive Issuance as a part of the same
iransaction or series of related transactions as the First Dilulive Issuance (a “Subsequent
Dilutive Issuance’), then and in eau: such case upon a Subsequent Dilutive Issuance the Series
| Preferred Conversion Price shall be reduced to the Series 1 Preferred Conversion Price that
woul have been in effect had the First Dilutive Issuance atid each Subsequent Diltitive Issuance
ali occurred on the closing date of the First Dilutive Issuance.

(i) Certificate of Adjustment. $n cach case of an adjustment or
readjustment of the Series | Preferred Conversion Price for the number of shares of Common
Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of the Series | Preferred, the Company, at its
expense, shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the provisions
hereof and shall prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment. and shall rail
such certificate. by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of Series |
Preferred at the hoider’s address as shown in the Company's books. The certificate shalt set
forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. including a statement of (i) the consideration received or deemed to be
received by the Company for any Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold or deemed
to have been issued or sold. (ii) the Series | Preferred Conversion Price at the time in effect. (iii)
the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock and (iv) the type and amount, if any, of other
property which at the time would be received upon couversion of the Series | Preferred. Failure
lo request or provide such notice shall have no effect on any such adjustment.

(j) Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of
a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders
thereof who are entitled tu receive any dividend or other distribution. or (ii) any Acquisition (as
defined in Section 4) or other capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or
recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any merger or consolidation of the
Company with or into any other corporation, or any Asset Transfer (as defined in Section 4), or
any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the
Company shall mail to each holder of Series | Preferred at least ten (10) days prior to (x) the
record date, if any. specified therein: or (y) if no record date is specified. the date upon which
such action is to take effect (or, in either case, such shorter period approved by the holders of
seventy-five (75%) of the vutstanding Series | Preferred) a notice specifying (A) the date on
which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution and a
description of such dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition,
reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution.
liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective, and (C) the date, if any. that is to be
fixed as to when the holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for securities or other property
deliverable upon such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation,
merger. Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

BOIORS VETTIN 13
(k) Autematic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series | Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, tas.d on the then-effective Series | Preferred
Conversion Price. (A) at ary time upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at ieast seventy five
percent (75%) of the outstanding shares of the Series | Preferred at a :neeting duly called for
such purpese or by action by written consent or (B) immediately upon the closing of a firmly
underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration staternent under the Securities
.\ct of 1933, as ainended, covering the offer and sale of Commen Stock for the account of the
Company (the “Initial Public Offering”) in which (i) the gross cash proceeds to the Company
(before underwriting discounts, comniissions and fees) are at least $75,000,000 and (ii) the per
share price is at least $45.90 (as adjusted ‘or stock splits, dividends, recapitalizations and the like
after. November 13, 2006). if the closing of such Initial Public Offering occurs on or beidre the
30 month anniversary of the Original Issue Date, or the per share price is at least $56.00 (as
adjusted for stock splits, dividends, recapitalizations and the like after November 13, 2006), if
the closing of such Initial Public Offering occurs fullowing the expi-ation of 30 months from the
Original !ssuc Date (a “Qualified IPO”). Upon such automatic conversion. any declared and
unvaid dividends shall be paid in accordance w.th the provisions of Section 5(d).

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of either of the events specitied in
Section 5(k)(i) above, the outstanding shares of Series | Preferred shall be converied
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certilicates representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent:
provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such
shares of Series 1 Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided
below. or the hclder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been
lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indeninify the
Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence
of such automatic conversion of the Series 1 Preferred, the holders of Series | Preferred shall
surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company or any transfer
agent for the Series | Preferred. Thereupcn, there shal! be issued and delivered to such holder
prompt'y at such office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of
Series | Preferred surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion
occurred, and any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions
of Section 4(d). Any certificates not so delivered shall continue to represent the right to receive
the Common Stock, securitics or other property receivable upon such conversion and the holder
of such certificates shall be entitied to all rights, powers and privileges associated with the
Common Stock, securities or other property tc which it is entitled.

() Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common 3. ck shall
te issued upon conversion of Series | Preferred. All shares of Commea Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series | Preferred by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the

AU208S VITIHIN 14,
conversion would result in the issuance of ary fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of
issuing any fractional share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the fair
riarket value of one share of Common Stock (as deicrimined by the Board) on the date of
conversion,

(m)Res — ervation of Stoch Issuaule Upon Conversion, The Company
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock. solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series | Preferred.
such nurber of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series | Preferred. If at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Series | Preferred, the Company will take such corporate
action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to
such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(n) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5
shal! be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party
to be notified, (ii) when sert by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile as provided for under the
applicable sections of the California Corporations Code, (iii) five (5) days after having been sent
by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one (1) day after
deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specitying next day delivery, with
verification of receipt. All uotices shall be addressed to each holder of record at the address of
such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

(0) Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upen income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to
ihe issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series | Preferred.
excluding any tay or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series
| Preferred so converted were registered.

6. LIQUIDITY TRANSACTION.

(a) At any time on or after November 14, 2012, the holders of a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Series | Preferred. may elect, as a separate class (the
“Shareholder Vote”). to require the Company to redeem (the “Redemption”) the Series |
Preferred in whole or in part by providing written notice of such Shareholder Vote to the
Company (the “Redemption Election Notice”). The number of shares of Series | Preferred to
be redeemed in such Redemption by the Company shall be the number of the then outstanding
shares of Series | Preferred elected for Redemption by the holders of Series | Preferred pursuant
to Redemption Elections (as defined below).

(i) pon receipt of the Redemption Election Notice, the
Company (in addition to performing its obligations under clause (iii) below) and the holders
representing a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Series | Preferred (the “Series /
Majority’) shall have three (3) months from the date of the Redemption Election Notice to
negotiate (the “Negotiation Period’), in good faith and using commercially reasonable efforts.

neQERS VEIN 15.
the Fair Market Value. The “Fair Market Value” shail mean the cash price at which each share
of Common Stock (assuming conversion in full of the Series | Preferred) could be reasonably
expected, based on customary analysis, to trade hands as of the date of determination of Fair
Market Vaiue, between a willing and ab: ‘uyer and a willing and able seller, neither under any
compulsion to act. following a full an air process conducted by a nationally recognized
investment banking firm experienced ins... matters, open to all bona fide potential purchasers,
pursuant to which one hundred percent (.90%) of the Company's equity securities would be
offered io potential purchasers and which is otherwise designed to provide the Company's
shareholders with the highest equity value reasonably available.

(ii) Promptly following the determination of the Fair Market
Value pursuant to this Section 6 and otherwise periodically as the Board deems appropriate. the
Board shall determine (a “Board Determination”) whether or not, in the exercise of its business
judgment, it believes that the Company will be reasonably likely to be able to effect the
Redemption in accordance with this Section 6(a). In the event the Board makes a negative
Board Determination as to the Company's ability to so effect the Redemption (a “Negative
Board Determination”), the Company shall, within a period of two (2) business days thereafter,
provide notice of such Negative Board Determination to the holders of the Series | Preferred.

(iii) In the event that the Company and the Series | Majority
cannot agree on the Fair Market Value within the Negotiation Period, the Fair Market Value
shall be determined by an appraiser (the “Appointed Arbitrator”) that is not an affiliate of the
Company or of any of the holders representing a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of
Series | Preferred that participated in the Shareholder Vote, or. to the knowledge of the
Company and such holders of Series | Preferred, either of their respective shareholders (which
may be a national or regional investment bank or national accounting firm) mutually selected by
the Company and the Series | Majority, provided, that if the Company and the Series | Majority
do not mutually agree to the Appointed Arbitrator within a period of five (5) business days afler
the expiration of the Negotiation Period. each of the Company and the Series | Majority shall
within a period of three (3) business days select one arbitrator and within a period of five (5)
business days of the appointment of such two arbitrators, the two selected arbitrators shall
appoint a third arbitrator (the “Designated Arbitrator”) who shall act as the arbitrator among the
parties. Within five (5) business days of selection of the Appointed Arbitrator or the Designated
Arbitrator. as the case may be (and in either case, the “Final Arbitrator”), the Company and the
Series | Majority shall each submit to the Final Arbitrator a proposed Fair Market Value (the
“Submitted Value”). if the Submitted Values differ by ten percent (10%) or less (using the
higher of the two Submitted Values as the baseline), the Fair Market Value shall be the average
of the two Submitted Values. If the Submitted Values by the Company and the Series | Majority
differ by more than ten percent (10%) (using the higher of the two Submitted Values as the
baseline), then no later than thirty (30) days following the delivery of the Submitted Values by
the Company and the Series | Majority, the Final Arbitrator shall designate one of the two
Submitted Values as the Fair Market Value for the purposes of this Section 6. In order to
facilitate the negotiation and determinations of the Fair Market Value, the Company shall
promptly make available all the books and records of the Company to the Series | Majority and
to the Final Arbitrator and promptly provide, and cause its advisors to provide, such other
information as the Series | Majority and the Final Arbitrator may reasonably request.

AUDARS ¥ETAN 16.
(iv) Upon receipt of the Redemption Election Notice, the
Company shall. within fifteen (15) days, send a notice (a “Redemption Notice”) to all holders of
Series | Preferred setting forth (A) that the holders of at least a majoriiy of the Series | Preferred
have called for a Redemption and (B) the method for calculating the Redemption Price as set
forth in these Restated Articles. In order to have any or all of its shares of Series | Preferred
included in the Redemption, each holder shall be required to provide written notice to the
Company (“Redemption Elections”) specifying the number of shares such holder elects to
include in the Redemption no later than thirty (30) days after receipt of the Redemption Notice.

(v) | The Company shall effect such Redemption with respect to
all (but not less than all) of the shares included in the Redemption Elections on a date determined
by the Company (the “Redemption Date”), which in no event shall be later than the date that is
the later to occur of (i) six (6) months from the date of the Redemption Election Notice and (ii)
one hundred and thirty five (135) days after the date on which the Fair Market Value is finally
determined (such date. the “Redemption Deadline”). The Company shall effect the Redemption
by paying in cash in exchange for each share of Series | Preferred included in the Redemption
Elections on such Redemption Date an amount (the “Redemption Price”), which Redemption
Price shall be equa! to the greater of: (A) $1.00 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after November
13, 2006) or (B) the Fair Market Value (multiplied by the number cf shares of Common Stock
into which each share of Series 1 Preferred is then convertible), plus any declared and unpaid
dividends on each share of Series ! Preferred Stock.

(vi) At least thirty (30) days but no more than sixty (60) days
prior to the Redemption Date, the Company shall send a notice (the “Redemption Terms
Notice”) to all holders of Series | Preferred to be redeemed setting forth (A) the Redemption
Price for the shares to be redeemed on the Redemption Date; and (B) the reasonable ana
customary method by which such holders may obtain payment of the Redemption Price upon
surrender of their share certificates representing shares subject to the Redemption Election.

(vii) On or prior to the Redemption Date. the Company shall
deposit the Redemption Price in respect of all (but not less than all) shares of Series | Preferred
included in the Redemption Elections with a bank or trust company having aggregate capital and
surplus in excess of $1,000,000,000, as a trust fund, with irrevocable instructions and authority
to the bank or trust company to pay, on and after the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price for
each such share to the respective holders upon the surrender of their share certificates. The
balance of any funds deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 6(a)(vii) remaining
unclaimed at the expiration of one ('} s‘ear following such Redemption Date shall be returned to
the Company promptly upon its written request.

(viii) Each holder of shares of Series | Preferred to be redeemed
shall surrender such holder's certificates representins, such shares to the Company in the manner
designated in the Redemption Terms Notice, and tiereupon the Redemption Price for each such
share shall be payable to the order of the person who<e name appears on such certificate or
certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be canceled. From and
alter the Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption

HOIESS TAIN 17.
Price in respect of any shares included in the Redemption Elections, including as @ resslt of the
Company being unable to pay the Redemption Price for cach such share due io not having
sufficient legally available funds, all rights of the holder of such shares as he'der of Series: |
Preterred included in the Redemption (except the right to receive the Redemption Price upon
surrender of their certificates) shall cease and terminate with respect to such shares,

(ix) In the event of the Redemption of all (but not fess than all)
of the shares of Series | Preferred subject to Redemption Elections, the Conversion Rights (as
detined in Section 5) for such Series | Preferred shall terminate as to the shares designated for
Redemption at the close of business on the last business day preceding the applicable
Redemption Date. unless default is made in payment of the Redemption Price, in respect of any
shares included in the Redemption Elections, including as a result of the Company being unable
to pay the Redemption Price for each such share due to not having sufficient legally available
funds.

(b) — ‘In the event (x) the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price
and effect the Redemption in accordance with Section 6(a) on or prior to the Redemption
Deadline or (y) there occurs a Negative Board Determination, the Company shall promptly
pursue a full and fair process to evaluate (i) a sale or other permanent disposition of all assets of,
or all but immaterial assets of, the Company, including by way of issuance or transfer of the
equity securities (or rights or interests therein) of one or more subsidiaries of the Company or the
assets thereof in exchange for cash and/or readily marketable securities or (ii) (A) a
consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation cr other entity or
person, or any other corporate reorganization in which the shareholders of the Company
immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization receive cash and/or readily
marketable securities in exchange for one hundred percent (100%) of their Equity Securities (as
defined below) in the Company pursuant to such consolidation, merger or reorganization: or (13)
a transaction or series of related transactions in which one hundred percent (100%) of the
Company's Equity Securities are exchanged for cash and/or readily marketable securities (a
“Company Sale”). The term “Equity Securities” means (i) any Common Stock, Preferred Stock
or other security of the Company, (ii) any security. right or interest convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for. with or without consideration, any Common Stock, Preferred
Stock or other security of the Company (including any option to purchase such a convertible
security), (ili) any security, right or interest carrying any warrant or right to subscribe to or
purchase any Common Stock, Preferred Stock or other security of the Company or (iv) any such
warrant or right. The Company shall engage a nationally recognized investment banking firm
experienced in such matters io manage the Company Sale process, and the Company Sale
process, which shall be under the direction of the Board, shall be open to all bona fide potential
purchasers and be designed to provide the Company’s shareholders with the highest equity valuc
reasonably available and shal! otherwise comply with applicable law.

(c) Promptly alter the completion of the evaluation process described
in Section 6(b), the Board shall consummate a Company Sale unless in the exercise of its
fiduciary duties it determines it is unable to do so. In the event that either (i) after completion of
the evaluation process described in Section 6(b), the Board, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties.
determines that it is not vialsle to complete a Company Sale or (ii) the Company fails to complete

HUDUKS VET TEN 18.
a Companys Sale in accordance with Section 6(b) on or prior to the one Year anniversary of the
earlier of (x) the Redemption Deadline and fy) the date of a Negative Board Determination (a
“Liquidity Event Default’), regardless of the umber of directors the holders of Series |
Preferred are entitled to elect at the time of Liquidity Event Default, then (i) the number of
members constituting the Board shall automatically be increased by a number that will create
sufficient vacancies to be elected by the holders of Series | Preferred in accordance with Section
2(c)(iii) hereof such that the holders of the then outstanding shares of Series | Preferred shall be
entitled to elect a majority of the members of the Board at all times thereafter, (ii) the holders of
a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series | Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled tc elect directors to fill the vacancies so created and (iii) the remaining directors shall be
elected as otherwise provided in these Restated Articles.

(d) Whenever under the provisions of Section 6(c) hereof the right
shall have accrued to the holders of Series { Preferred to elect a majcrity of the Company's
directors, and without limiting the right of the holders of Series | Preferred to act by written
consent at any time. the Board shall, within five (5) business days after delivery to the Company
at its principal office of a request to such effect by the holders of not less than a majority of the
shares of Series | Preferred then outstanding, call a special meeting of shareholders for the
election of directors, to be held upon not less than ten (10) nor more than tweniy (20) days’
notice to holders of Series | Preferred. If such notice of meeting is not given within the five (5)
business days required above. the Series | Majority may also call such meeting and for such
purposes shall have access to the stock books and records of the Company. In the case of any
vacancy in the office of the directors elected by the holders pursuant to Section 6(c), the vacancy
may be filled by the affirmative vote of the holders of a inajority of the shares (unless unanimous
written consent is required under Sections 305(b) or 603(d) of the California Corporations Code)
of Series | Preferred then outstanding, voting together as a single class, given either at a special
meeting of such shareholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a written consent of
shareholders, the holders representing a majority of the issued and outstanding Series 1 Preferred
shall be entitled to remove from office such directors. subject to Section 303 of the California
Corporations Code and any successor provision thereof. and to fill any vacancy caused by the
resignation or death of such directors and the holders of the issued and outstanding Series |
Preferred shall be entitled to fill any vacancy caused by the removal of such directors in
accordance with applicable law. Any director elected by the holders of the shares pursuant to
Section 6(c) may be removed during the aforesaid term of office, either (i) without cause by, and
only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Series | Preferred,
given either at a special meeting of shareholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant tu a
written consent of shareholders, and any vacancy thereby created may be filled by the hulders of
a majority of the shares of Series | Preferred represented at such meeting or pursuant to a written
consent or (ii) as otherwise provided in Sections 302 or 304 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Calitornia or any successor statute.

7, No REISSUANCE OF SERIES ! PREFERRED.

No shares of Series 1 Preferred acquired by the Company by reason of
redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shal! be reissued.

OO2085 vETAEIN 19,
IV.

AY The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B. Indemnification.

1. General Corporation Law of California. The Company is authorized to
provide indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of
California) for breach of duty to the Company and its shareholders through bylaw provisions.
agreements with agents, shareholder resolutions or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification
otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of California, subject to the
limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the General Corporation Law of
California. If, after the effective date of this Article !V, California law is amended in a manner
which permits a company to limit the monetary or other liability of its directors or to authorize
indemnification of, or advancement of such defense expenses to, its directors or other persons, in
any such case to a greater extent than is permitted on such erfective date, the references in this
Article IV to “California law” shall to that extent be deemed to refer to California law as so
amended.

2. Right to Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify and hold
harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable iaw as it presently exists or may hereafter
be amended. any person (a “Covered Person’) who was or is made or is threatened to be made a
party or is .therwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil. criminal.
administrative or investigative (a “Proceeding”), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a
director or officer of the Company or, while a director or officer of the Company, is or was
serving at the request of the Company as a director. officer. employee or agent of another
corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity (an “Other
Entity”), including service with respect to employee benefit plans. against all liability and Joss
suffered and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred by such Covered Person.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 4 below, the
Company shall be required to indemnify a Covered Person in connection with a Proceeding (or
part thereof) commenced by such Covered Person only if the commencement of such Proceeding
(or part thereof) by the Covered Person was authorized by the Board of Directors of the
Company.

3. Prepayment of Expenses. The Company shall pay the expenses
(including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending any Proceeding in
advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law,
such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made
only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Covered Person to repay all amounts advanced if it
should be ultimately determined that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified under
this Article 1V, Section B or otherwise.

4, Claims. Ifa claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses under

this Article IV, Section B is not paid in full within thirty (30) days after a written claim therefor
by the Covered Person has been received by the Company, the Covered Person may file suit to

OOTORS VET EEN 20.
recover ihe unpaid amount of such clan and, if successful in whole of in part, shall be entitled
to be paid the expense of prosecuting such elaim.

< Noercetesivity of Right: crhts conferred on any Covered Person
by thus Artidde EY. Section 1 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that such Covered Person
may have or hereafier acquire under any statute, provision of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, the By-Laws of the Company, agreement, vote of shareholders or
disinterested directors or otherwise. Additionally, nothing in this Article VI shall limit the
ability of the Company, in its discretion, to indemnify or advance expenses to persons whom the
Company is not obligated to indemnify or advance expenses to pursuant to this Article V1.

6. Amendment or Repeal. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing
provisions of this Article IV. Section B shall not adversely affect any right o1 protection
hereunder of any Covered Person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to tre time of
such repeal or modification.

7. Other Indemnification and Prepayment of Expenses. This Article !V.
Section B shall not limit the right of the Company, to the extent and in the manner permitted by
applicable law. to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Covered Persons
when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action.

Cc. Any repeal or modification of this Article IV shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article IV in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

D. Any action required or permitted by the General Corporation Law of California or
these Articles of Incorporation to be taken at any annual or special mecting of the sharcholders
or any class or series thereof may be taken without a meeting. without prior notice and without a
vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the
holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote
thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Company by delivery to its principal
office in the State of California, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the
Company having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of shareholders are
recorded. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each holder of Common
Stock and Preferred Stock who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective to take
the corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent
delivered in the manner required by this Article IV, Section D, written consents signed by a
sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the Company as aforesaid. Prompt
notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written
consent shall, to the extent required by applicable law. be given to those holders of Common
Stock and Preferred Stock who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been
taken at a meeting. would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such
meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take
the action were delivered to the Company.

* kk *

602085 v LTAIN 24,
THREE: The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the Boarg of Directors ef us Company.

FOUR: The foregoing amend.aent and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the required vote of shareholders of the Company in accordance with
Sections 902 and 903 of the Genera: Corporation Law of California. The total number of
eutstanding shares entitied to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was 2,209,352
shares of Common Stock and 461.543 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 656.667 shares of
Series B Preferred Stock, 843,562 shares of Series C Preferred Stock. 1,176,113 shares of Serics
D Preferred S:ock and 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock (for purposes of this Section
FOUR, each as defined in the Amend-d and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company
prior the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation). The number of shares
voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required, such
required vote being (i) @ majority of outstanding shares of the Commen Stock and Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock. Series C Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock
and Series E Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common
Stock basis, (ii) seventy five percent (75%) of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock. Series C Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock and Series E
Preferred Stock. voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.
(iii) a majority of outstanding shares of the Common Stock ard (iv) a majority of the outstanding
Series D Preferred Stock.

WOZORS ¥ 1 2241N 22.
The undersigned, ELIzaBeTu Cross and Topp Livy, the President and Secretary.
respectively, of ARIAT INTERNATIONAL, INC,, declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of
the State of California that the matters set out in the foregoing certificate are truc of their own

knowledge.

[Executed at Union City, Caifornia on November ie 2006.

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORFORATION
ARIAT INTERNATIONAL, INC.
AQ5

59301
FILED

+4
IZ OO’ nha Ota of he Saco of Sai

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
ARIAT INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Elizabeth Cross and Todd Levy hereby certify that:

APR 0 5 2007

ONE: They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of

ARIAT INTERNATIONAL, INC., a California corporation (the “Company”).

TWO: Article III, Sections A and C of the existing Amended and Restated Articles of

Incorporation of the Company are hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

A. Authorization of Shares. The Company is authorized to issue
two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and
“Preferred Stock,” both of which shall have no par value. The total number of
shares which the Company is authorized to issue is thirty-eight million eight
hundred thousand (38,800,000) shares, twenty million (20,000,000) shares of
which shall be Com.non Stock and eighteen million eight hunared thousand
(18,800,000) shares of which shall be Preferred Stock. Effective upon the date of
filing of this Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation with the
Secretary of State of the State of California, every one (1) share of Common
Stock shall be split into two (2) shares of Common Stock and every one (1) share

of Preferred Stock shall be split into two (2) shares of Preferred Stock.

Cc. All eighteen million eight hundred thousand (18,890,000) of the
authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series 1 Preferred

Stock” (the “Series 1 Preferred”).

THREE: The foregoing amendment to the Articies of Incorporation has been duly

approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

FOUR: The foregoing amendment to the Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Section 902 of the California
Corporations Code. The to.al number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment was 446,920 shares of Common Stock and 5,715,876 shares of Series |
Preferred, The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded- the vote
required. The percentage vote required wus more than 50% of the outstanding shares of

Common Stock and more than 75% of the outstending shares of Series | Preferred.

627710 VIAN
The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the Stace of
California that the matiers set forth in this corificate are true and correct of their own
knowledge.

Executed i Union City, California, this LED asy of

CYRTWNCA TE, 08 AMEXOMENT TO ARTICLES Os INCUR PORATION
427770 viIAg
