. “A0648289
CBZ2Z3077¢ wep /4

. in the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of California

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AUG 0 2 20968

OF

ARIO DATA NETWORKS, INC.

Russel] Krapf and Alain Defrenne certify that:

-FIRST: They are the President and Secretary. respectively, of ARIO Data Networks, Inc..
a corporation orvanized and existing under the laws of the State of California anc:

SECOND: | The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are amended and restated, in
their entirety, to read as follows:

ARTICLE I.
The name of the corporation is ARIO Data Networks, Inc. (the “Corporation’’).
ARTICLE I.

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business. the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III.

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively,
“Common Stock” and ‘Preferred Stock’. The aggregate number of shares that the Corporation
is authorized to issue is 560,000,000. 400,000,000 par value $0.001 per share, shall be Common
Stock and 160,000,000, par value $0.001 per share, shall be Preferred Stock. 160,000.000 shares
of Preferred Stock are designated “Series A-J Preferred Stock” or the “Preferred Stock”.

The rights, preferences. privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed upon the
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock are as follows:

A. Preferred Stock
L. Dividend Provisions.
(a) Preference.
(i) Series A-] Senior Dividend Preference. The holders of shares of
Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets or funds of the

Corporation legally available therefor and prior and in preference to any declaration or payment
of any dividend (other than a dividend payable in Common Stock or other securities and rights

GDSVF&HV705352.5
convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock of the Corporation) Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of 8% of
the Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-1
Preferred Stock (in each case as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations,
reclassification and the like), payable when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such
dividends shall not be cumulative.

(ii) . The “Original Issue Price” is $0.0369 per share for the Series A-1
Preferred Stock.

(b) Payment of Dividends After Preference. After payment of such dividends
pursuant to Section l(a) above, any additional dividends shall be distributed among the holders

of the Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common
Stock then held by each holder (on an as-if converted to Common Stock basis).

(c) Restriction on Dividends to Common Stock. The Corporation shall not
pay or declare any dividend, whether in cash or in property, or make any other distribution on the
Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in Common Stock or other securities and nghts
convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock of the Corporation), or purchase redeem or otherwise acquire for value any
shares of Common Stock (other than repurchases of shares of Common Stock upon termination
of employment or service as a consultant or director, or through the exercise of any right of first
refusal, in each case pursuant to agreements providing for such repurchase) until all dividends as
set forth in Section 1(a) above shal] have been declared and paid on all shares of Preferred Steck.

(d) Consent to Certain Repurchases. The holders of the Preferred Stock
expressly waive their rights. if any, as described in California Corporations Code Sections 502
and 503 as they relate to repurchases of share of Common Stock upon termination of
employment or service as a consultant or director pursuant to agreements providing for such
right of repurchase.

2. Liquidation.

(a) Non-Participating Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, including, without limitation, a Sale Transaction (as defined below), of the
Corporation (a “Liguidation Transaction”), either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the
Series A-1 Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to receive, in a non-participating
manner, out of any funds and assets that may be legally distributed to the Corporation’s
shareholders and prior and in preference to any distribution of any such funds or assets to the
holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to
$0.33948 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends. recapitalizations, reclassification and the
like), plus all declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A-] Preferred Stock (the “Series A-]
Liquidation Preference”). If. upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, the entire assets and funds of
the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders

GDSVF&HN705352.5 2
of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Distribution after Liquidation Preferences. Upon the completion of the
distributions required by Section 2(a) above (or if there are no shares of Preferred Stock

outstanding upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction). if any assets or funds remain in
the Corporation that may be legally distributed to the Corporation’s shareholders, the holders of
the Common Stock of the Corporation shall receive all of the remaining assets of the
Corporation.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Distribution upon Sale Transaction. In the event of a Sale
Transaction (as defined below), then upon the closing of such Sale Transaction, each holder of
Preferred Stock shal] be entitled to receive for each share of Preferred Stock then held, out of the
proceeds of such Sale Transaction that may be legally distributed to the Corporation's
shareholders, the greater of (i) the amount of cash, securities or other property to which such
holder would be entitled to receive pursuant in a liquidation by virtue of the Series A-1
Liquidation Preference, or (ii) the amount of cash, securities or other property to which such
holder would be entitled to receive in a liquidation if such holder had converted such shares of
Preferred Stock into Common Stock immediately prior to the closing of such Sale Transaction.

(ii) Sale Transaction Defined. A “Sale Transaction” shall mean (A)
any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or other entity
or person, or any other corporate reorganization in which the shareholders of the Corporation
immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization own less than 50% of the
voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such consolidation, merger or
reorganization; or (B) any transaction or series of related transactions to which the Corporation is
a party in which more than 50% of the Corporation voting power is transferred or (C) the sale or
other disposition (whether by sale, lease, exclusive. irrevocable license or otherwise) of all] or
substantially all of the Corporation’s assets, intellectual property or business; provided, however,
that none of the following shall be considered a Sale Transaction: (i) a merger effected
exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation, (ii) an equity financing
in which the Corporation is the surviving corporation, or (iii) any transaction in which a majority
of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock have agreed in writing shall
not be deemed to be a Sale Transaction.

(iii) | Valuation of Consideration. If the consideration received in a Sale
Transaction is other than cash, its value will be deemed to be its fair market value as determined
in good faith by the Corporation's Board of Directors and at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class and not as separate series, and on an
as-converted basis) unless otherwise provided herein. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

GDSVF&ENT05352.5 3
, (1) If traded on a securities exchange or The Nasdaq
Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of
Directors and at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting together as
a single class and not as separate series, and on an as-converted basis) and derived from the
closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq over a specified time period;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall
be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class and not as separate series,
and on an as-converted basis) and derived from the closing bid or sales prices (whichever is
applicable) of such securities over a specified time period: and

(3) if there is no active public market, the value shall be
the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and at least a
majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class and not as
separate series, and on an as-converted basis).

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of
a shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as specified above in the immediately preceding Subsection
(A) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board
of Directors and at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting together
as a single class and not as separate series, and on an as-converted basis).

(iv) Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation shall give
each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation
Transaction not later than 20 days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such
Liquidation Transaction, or 20 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Transaction,
whichever is earlier, and shal] also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such
Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shal] describe the material terms and
conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the
Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. The
Liquidation Transaction shall in no event take place sooner than 20 days after the Corporation
has given the first notice provided for herein (or any subsequent notice of material changes).
Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Restated Articles, this and all other notice periods
or requirements in these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived, either before or after the
action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights.

(v) Effect_of Noncompliance. In the event that the requirements of
this Section 2(c) are not complied with (or duly waived), the Corporation shall forthwith either
Cause the closing of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until such requirements have
been complied with, or cance] such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the
same as such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date
of the first notice referred to in Section 2(c)(iv).

GDSVF&HV705352.5 4
3. Redemption.

(a) Series A-] Redemption. At any time after July 31, 2011, but on a date
within 60 days after receipt by the Corporation of a written request (a “Redemption Election’)
from the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting together as a
single class and not as separate series, and on an as-converted basis) that all or some of the
shares of such series be redeemed, the Corporation shall, to the extent it may lawfully do so,
redeem in three (3) annual installments (each payment date being referred to herein as a
“Redemption Date”) up to that number of shares specified in the Redemption Election in
accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 3 by paying in cash therefor a sum per
share equal to the applicable Original Issue Price per share of such shares Preferred Stock (in
each case as adjusted for stock splits. stock dividends, recapitalizations, reclassification and the
like) plus all declared but unpaid dividends on such shares (the “Redemption Price”). Any
redemption effected pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall be made avaijable on a pro rata basis
among the holders of the Preferred Stock based upon the total Redemption Price applicable to
each holder’s shares of Preferred Stock.

(b) Procedure. Within 7 days following its receipt of the Redemption
Election, the Corporation shall mail a written notice, first class postage prepaid, to each holder of
record (at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is
given) of the Preferred Stock at the address last shown on the records of the Corporation for such
holder, notifying such holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying the number of shares
eligible to be redeemed from such holder, the Redemption Date, the applicable Redemption
Price, the place at which payment may be obtained and calling upon such holder to surrender to
the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, such holder’s certificate or
certificates representing the shares to be redeemed (the “Redemption Notice”). The holder of
any shares of Preferred Stock may exercise such holders’ redemption rights as to such shares or
any part thereof, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3(c) hereof, by delivering to the
Corporation during regular business hours, at the office of any transfer agent of the Corporation
for the Preferred Stock or at such other place as may be designated by the Corporation in the
Redemption Notice. at any time within 30 days following the date of receipt of such Redemption
Notice by the holder, a written notice (each a “Holder’s Notice’’) stating that such holder elects
to have redeemed all or part of the shares of Preferred Stock held by the holder which are eligible
for redemption in accordance with the Redemption Notice. On or after the Redemption Date,
each holder of Preferred Stock that has elected to have shares of Preferred Stock shall surrender
to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing such shares, in the manner and at the
place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption Price of such shares
shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates
as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be cancelicd. As promptly as
practicable after receipt of the surrendered certificate or certificates (and in no event more than
10 days following the Redemption Date) the Corporation shail issue and deliver to or upon the
written order of such holder, at such office or other place designated by the holder: (A) a check
for cash with respect the shares so redeemed and (B) in the event less than all the shares
represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate representing the unredeemed
shares.

GDS VP&H\705352.5 5
(c) Effect of Redemption; Insufficient Funds. From and after the Redemption
Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price, all rights of the
holders of shares of Preferred Stock designated for redemption in Holders’ Notices (except the
right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their share certificate or
certificates) shall cease with respect to such shares, and such shares shall not thereafter be
transferred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose
whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of shares of
Preferred Stock on the Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem the total number of shares of
Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds which are legally available will be
used to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares ratably among the holders of such
shares to be redeemed based upon the total Redemption Price applicable to the shares of
Preferred Stock for which each holder has requested redemption on such date pursuant to a
Holder’s Notice. The shares of Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain outstanding and
entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time thereafter when additional
funds of the Corporation are legally available for the redemption of shares of Preferred Stock
_ such funds will immediately be used to redeem the balance of the shares which the Corporation
has become obliged to redeem on the Redemption Date but which it has not redeemed.

(d) Status of Redeemed Stock, Any shares of Preferred Stock redeemed
pursuant this Section 3 shall be cancelled and shall not be reissuable by the Corporation, and
these Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in
the Corporation’s authorized capital stock

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Optional Conversion. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Preferred
Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of
issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into
such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by
dividing the Original Issue Price applicable to such share (in each case as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reclassification and the like) by the Conversion Price
applicable to such share, determined as hereafter provided. in effect on the date the certificate is
surrendered for conversion. The initial “Conversion Price” for each series of Preferred Stock
shall be the Original Issue Price applicable to such series; provided, however, that such
Conversion Prices shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Except as provided below in Section 4(c). each
share of Preferred Stock shal] automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the
Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share immediately (i) upon the Corporation’s sale
of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to a
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”’), the
public offering price of which was not less than $0.18 per share (as adjusted for any stock splits,
stock dividends, combinations, subdivisions, recapitalizations or the like) and results in
aggregate gross cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $20,000,000 (a “Qualified
IPO”) or (ii) on the date specified by written consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of

GDSVF&H\705352.5 6
the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting as a single class, not as separate series,
and on an as-converted basis).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Optional Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to convert such Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Article
TI}. A.4(a) hereof, the holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed,
at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and
shall give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to
convert the same and shal] state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates
for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such optional conversion shall be deemed to
have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the
shares of such series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all
purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of public Common Stock as of such date.
If the optional conversion is in connection with an underwritten public offering of securities
registered pursuant to the Securities Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder
tendering such Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the
underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons
entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed
to have converted such Preferred Stock unti] immediately prior to the closing of such sale of
securities.

(ii) | Axtomatic Conversion. Upon the occurrence of an automatic
conversion pursuant to Article I11.A.4.(b) above. the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall
be converted into Common Stock automatically without the need for any further action by the
holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are
surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent: provided, however, that the Corporation
shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either
delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the
Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and
executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any
loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic
conversion of the Preferred Stock, the holders of Preferred Stock shall surrender the certificates
representing such shares at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred
Stock or Common Stock. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such holder
promptly at such office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of
Preferred Stock surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion
occurred.

GDS VF&HV\705352.5 7
(d) Conversion Price Adjustments upon Certain Events. The Conversion
Prices of the Preferred Stock shal] be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Issuance of Additional Stock Below Purchase Price. If the
Corporation should issue, at any time after the effective date of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation (the “Purchase Date”), any Additional Stock (as defined below) without
consideration or for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price for the
Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, then
forthwith upon such issuance, the Conversion Price for such affected series shall be reduced to a
price determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which
shal] be the number of shares of Common Stock Outstanding (as defined below) immediately
prior to such issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would purchase at such Conversion
Price; and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
Outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of shares of
such Additional Stock. For purposes of this Section 4(d)(i), the term “Common Stock
Outstanding” shall mean and include the following: (1) outstanding Common Stock, (2)
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding Preferred Stock, (3) Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options and (4) Common Stock issuable upon
exercise (and, in the case of warrants to purchase Preferred Stock, conversion) of outstanding
‘warrants. Shares described in (1) through (4) above shall be included whether vested or
unvested, whether contingent or non-contingent and whether exercisable or not yet exercisable.

(A) Definition of “Common Stock Equivalents”. For purposes
of this Section 4(d)(i). “Common Stock Equivalents” shall mean securities or rights convertible
into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly. additional shares of Common
Stock.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For purposes of this
Section 4(d)(i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or deemed
to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Purchase Date
other than:

(1) Common Stock issued pursuant to stock dividends,
stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ii) hereof:

(2) Common Stock issued or issuable to employees,
consultants or directors of the Corporation directly or pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted
stock plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(3) Common Stock or Preferred Stock, or options or
warrants to purchase Common Stock or Preferred Stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors
in connection with commercial credit arrangements, equipment financings or similar
transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation,
subject to the cap on such issuances set forth below;

GDS VF&H\705352.5 8
(4) Common Stock or Preferred Stock, or warrants or
options to purchase Common Stock or Preferred Stock, issued in connection with bona fide
acquisitions, mergers or similar transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation, subject to the cap on such issuances set forth below;

(5) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock;

(6) Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the
conversion or exercise of convertible or exercisable securities outstanding on the date on which
these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation are accepted by the Secretary of State of
the State of California (the “Filing Date”);

(7) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in a
Qualified IPO;

(8) Shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock issued
or issuable to customers, vendors, contractors, advisors and other service providers (including,
without limitation service providers providing investment banking, finders, management and
executing recruiting services) pursuant to agreements or other arrangements, the terms of which
are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. subject to the cap on such issuances
set forth below;

(9) Common Stock that is issued with the unanimous
approval of the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors specifically states that it shal] not
be Additional Stock;

(10) Common Stock that is issued with the approval of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class and not as
separate series, and on an as-converted basis) with approval that specifically states that it shall
not be Additional Stock; and

(11) Preferred Stock and the Common Stock issued or
issuable upon conversion thereof.

provided. however, that the total number of shares of Common Stock (on an as converted, as
exercised basis) issuable or issued pursuant to subsections (3), (4) and (8) above shall] not
exceed, in the aggregate, 7,000,000 shares (subject to appropriate adjustments for stock splits,
stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like).

(C) No Fractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
applicable Conversion Prices for the Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one
cent per share, provided that any adjustments which arc not required to be made by reason of this
sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment
being carned forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving
rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

GDSVF&H\705352.5 9
(D) Determination of Consideration. “In the case of the
issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash
paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and at
least two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock (as a single class, not as
separate series, and on an as-converted basis), irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case of the
issuance (whether before, on or after the applicable Purchase Date) of any Common Stock
Equivalents, the following provisions shall apply for all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction of
any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including. without limitation,
the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) of any
Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or exercise thereof shall be
deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such Common Stock
Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by
the Corporation for any such securities and related Common Stock Equivalents (excluding any
cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends). plus the minimum additional
consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without taking into account potential
antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion. exchange or exercise of any Common Stock
Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in Section

4(d)G)(D).

(2) in the event of any change in the number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents including, but not limited
to, a change resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the applicable Conversion Prices
of the Preferred Stock to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common
Stock Equivalents. shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shal] be
made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
applicable Conversion Prices of the Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents. shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) The number of shares of Common Stock deemed
issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)(1) shall be

GDS VF&HN705352.5 10
appropriately adjusted to reflect any change. termination or expiration of the type described in
either Section 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)(i)(E)(3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding any
other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(d)(i)(E)(2) and 4(d)(i)(E)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
4(d)(i) shall] have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(ii) | Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event that the Corporation
should at any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding
and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares
issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner
provided for deemed issuances in Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iii) | Reverse Stock Splits. Tf the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion
Price for the Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of cach share of such series shall be decreased in
proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the holders of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they
were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their
shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the
holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale
of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall be
made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property
of the Corporation or otherwise. to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case. appropriate

GDSVF&H\705352.5 11
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the
rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after
that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) | No Impairment. The Corporation wil] not, by amendment of its Articles
of Incorporation (except in accordance with Section 5 hereof and applicable law) or through any
reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and
in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment. This provision will not
restrict the Corporation’s right to amend its Articles of Incorporation with the requisite
shareholder consent (including without limitation any consent required by Section 5(c) below).

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of any
share or shares of the Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall pay in cash the fair market value
of any fractional shares as of the time when entitlement to receive such fractions is determined.
The number of shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total
number of shares of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the
Conversion Price of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its expense,
shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and
prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detai] the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder
of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth
(A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred
Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if
any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of a share of
such series of Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Corporation of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any
right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other
securities or property. or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail to each holder of
Preferred Stock, at least 20 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date
on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right,
and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

GDSVF&IN705352.5 12
(j) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at

all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shal] from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock: and if at any time the
number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shal] not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock, in addition to such
other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will
take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purposes, including, without limitation. engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite
shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these Restated Articles.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to be
given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shal] be deemed given if deposited in the United
States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address appearing on
the books of the Corporation.

(1) Status of Converted Stock. Any shares of Preferred Stock converted
pursuant this Section 4 shall be cancelled and shall not be reissuable by the Corporation. and
these Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in
the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

5. Voting Rights; Directors.

(a) Noting Rights of Preferred Stock. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein or by law. the holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall have the right to one vote for
each share of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock could then be converted, and with
respect to such vote, such holder shall have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting
rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock, and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any
provision hereof, to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the By-laws of the
Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote, together with holders of Common Stock, with respect
to any question upon which holders of Common Stock have the right to vote. Fractional votes
shall not. however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted
basis (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could
be converted) shal] be rounded up to the nearest whole number.

(b) —_ Board of Directors.

(1) Number and Composition of Board. At each meeting of
shareholders at which members of the Board of Directors are to be elected, or whenever
members of the Board of Directors are to be elected by written consent of the shareholders (and
subject to Section 603(d) of the California Corporations Code), (i) the holders of the Series A-1
Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate series on an as-converted basis, shall be entitled to
elect three (3) members of the Board of Directors (the “Series A-1 Directors”), (ii) the holders of
the Common Stock, voting together as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members
of the Board of Directors (the ‘Common Directors’) and (iii) the holders of Common Stock and

GDSVF&H\705352.5 13
08/02/2006 09:25 FAA GSU 321 zeUU

GUNDERSUN VE LK

Preferred Stock (voting ‘as a single class, not as separate series, and on an as-converted busis)
shall be entitled to elect any remaining members of the Board of Directors (the “Industry
Directors”).

(ii) Vacancies, In the case of any vacancy i the office of a director
occurring among the directors elected by the holders of a specific class or series in accordance

BwyUUSs

with the provisions of Section 5(b)(i) above, a majority of the holders of such class or series shall .

elect a successor or successors to serve for the unexpired term of the! director whose offie is
vacant. ‘ |

(c) Protective Provisions.

(1) So long as at least fifty percent (50%) of the shares of Preferred
Stock that are originally issued remain outstanding, except as otherwise required by applicable
law and as otherwise required by these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, the
Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining
the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the hdlders of a majority of the
then outstanding Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class and not as separate series, and
on an as-converted basis): |

(a) effect a Liquidation Transaction; -

(b) authorize or issue, or obligate dn to issue, any other
equity security, including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security,
having a preference over, or being on a parity with, any series of Preferred Stock with respect to
any rights, preferences or privileges (other than shares of Series A-I Preferred Stock issued

pursuant to that certain Series A-1 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated on or zbout

August 2, 2006); |

(c) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into cr set
funds aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or
Common Stock other than in accordance with the redemption provisions of these Resiated
Articles; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to repurchases of shares of
Common Stock upon termination of employment of service as a consultant or director, or
through the exercise of any right of first refusal, in each case pursuant to agreernents providing
for such repurchase);

(d) materially amend or repeal

any provision of the
Corporation’s Articles of Incorporation or By-laws;

(e) declare or pay any dividend
Corporation except as otherwise provided in Section 1 hereof;

on any shares of the

(f) increase the number of shares of jommon Stock issuatle to
employees, directors, consultants and other service providers for |the primary purpose of
soliciting or retaining their. services pursuant to plans or agreements approved by this
corporation’s Board of Directors to more than 87,210,566 shares; |

GDSVP&HV705352.5 : 14
(g) permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to sell any
securities other than to the Corporation;

(h) increase or decrease the authorized number of directors on
the Board of Directors; or

(i) increase or decrease (other than by redemption or
conversion) the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock (or any series thereof) or
Common Stock.

B. Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock at
the time outstanding having prior nights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall
be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the
Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by
the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the
assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article ITI(A).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable at the election of the holder
of such shares.

4, Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one vote
per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
accordance with the By-laws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV.

A. Limitation of Directors’ and Officers’ Liability. The liability of directors of the

Corporation for monetary damages shal] be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under
California law.

B. Indemnification of Agents. The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of
agents (as described in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through bylaw
provisions, agreements with agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise,
to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

C. Modification. Any amendment. repeal or modification of any provision of this Article

IV shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Corporation existing at the
time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

FHIRD: The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors.

GDSVP&H\705352.5 15
FOURTH: The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Corporation’s Articles of
Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of the shareholders of the Corporation
in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code. The total number
of outstanding shares of the Corporation is 102,145,130 shares of Common Stock. Prior to the
filing of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the Corporation’s Articles of
Incorporation, there shall be no outstanding shares of the Corporation’s Series A Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock or Series D-1
Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment and
restatement of the Corporation’s Articles of Incorporation equaled or exceeded the vote required.
The percentage vote required was more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock.

[the remainder of this page is intentionally left blank]

GDSVF&H\705352.5 16
The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Executed at San Jose, California on Ayoust 2 , 2006

Russell Krapf, President

Alain Defrenké, Secretary

Signature Page

Articles of Incorporation
ARIO Data Networks, Inc.
