State of Delaware
Secre of State
Division of Co rations

Delivered 12:30 EM 12/17/2007
THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED op eee 3352) PM 42262772007
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF
ARPU, INC.

ARPU. Ine. hereby certtties that:

ONE: The original name of this company is ARPU. Inc.. and the date of filing the
original Certificate of Incorporation of this company with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware was November 17, 2004. An Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
ARPU. Inc. wus filed on May 2, 2005. A Sccond Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of ARPU, Inc. was Tiled on May 26, 2006.

TWO: The Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this
company is hereby further amended and restated to read as follows:

FIRST: The name of this company is ARPU, INC. (the “Company” or the
“Corporation” ).

SECOND: The address of the registered office of this Company in the State of Delaware
is 2718 Centerville Road, Suite 400. City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Zip Code
19808. and the name of the registered agent of this Corporation in the State of Delaware at such
address is The Company Corporation.

THIRD: The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which a corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL’).

FOURTH: The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall
have authority to issue is (i) 12.500.000 shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share
(“Common Stock’). and (ii) 7,429,069 shares of Preferred Stock. $0.00! par value per share
(“Preferred Stock’).

The following is a statement of the powers, privileges and rights, and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof. in respect of each class of capital stock of the Corporation.
Unless otherwise indicated. references to “Sections” or “Subsections” in this Article refer to
sections and subsections of this Article Fourth.

A. COMMON STOCK
I. GENERAL.

The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Common Stock are
subject to and qualified by the rights. powers and preferences of the holders of the Preferred
Stock set forth herein.

2. VOTING.

(a) The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one (1) vote for

each share of Common Stock held at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of
RESTING0S570.4
357276-9
meetings). There shall be no cumulative voting. The number of authorized shares of Common
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then
outstinding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation
representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(bi2) of the General
Corporatien Lin.

(b) For so Jong as any shares of Common Stock remain outstanding,
the holders of the Common Stock, voting as a separate class. shall be entitled to elect two (2)
members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company's
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from olfice such director and to fill
any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director.

B. PREFERRED STOCK

A total of 2,000.000 shares of the Corporation’s Preferred Stock shall be designated as
Serics A Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock’), a total of 3,075,815
shares of the Corporation's Preferred Stock shall be designated as Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock (the “Series B Preferred Stock”), and a total of 2.353,254 shares of the Corporation’s
Preferred Stock shall be designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series C
Preferred Stock’).

The Preferred Stock shall have the following rights. preferences. powers. privileges and
restricuions, qualifications and limitations.

l. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

(a) Holders of Series C Preferred Stock, on a pari passu basis with
the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock but in preference to the
holders of Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive. out of funds that are legally available
therefor, dividends at the rate of eight percent (8%) (the “Series C Preferred Dividends’) of the
Original Series C Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series
C Preferred Stock, which dividends shall be payable in accordance with Section B.1(d). Such
dividends shall be cumulative and shall accrue whether or not declared by the Board of
Directors (the “Board’’) and whether or not there are then earnings and profits of the Company
available for the payment of such dividends.

(b) Holders of Series B Preterred Stock, on a pari passu basis with
the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock but in preference to the
holders of Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, out of funds that are legally available
therefor, dividends at the rate of eight percent (8%) (the “Series B Preferred Dividends”) of the
Original Series B Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series
B Preferred Stock, which dividends shall be payable in accordance with Section B.1(d). Such
dividends shall be cumulative and shall accrue whether or not declared by the Board and

whether or not there are then earings and profits of the Company available for the payment of
such dividends.

Ww

REST IN6043570.4
357276-9
(c) Holders of Series A Preferred, on a pari passu basis with the
holders of Series C Preferred Stock and Scries B Preferred Stock but in preference to the
holders of Common Stock. shall be entitled to receive, out of funds that are legally available
therefor. dividends at the rate of eight pereent (89-) (the “Series A Preferred Dividends” and
together with the Series C Preferred Dividends and the Series B Preferred Dividends. the
“Series Preferred Dividends’) of the Original Series A Issue Price (as defined below) per
annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred, which dividends shall be payable in
accordanee with Section B.1(d). Such dividends shall be cumulative and shall accrue whether
or not declared by the Board and whether or not there are then earnings and profits of the
Company available for the payment of such dividends.

(d) All accrued and unpaid dividends on the shares of Series C
Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock will be payable: (i)
when, as und if declared by the Board out of funds legally available therefor: (i1) immediately
prior to the closing of a Liquidation Event. Acquisition. or Asset Transfer under Section B.3
and/or B.4: or (iii) immediately prior to the closing of a Qualified IPO (as defined in Section
B.S(1)). All the Series Preferred Dividends shall be payable in cash or. at the election of the
holders of the Majority Holders (as defined below). in Common Stock at the then fair market
value of the Common Stock (as determined by the Board in good faith on the date of issuance).
If the foregoing would result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company shall. in lieu
of issuing any fractional share. pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the
fair market value of one share of Common Stock (as determined by the Board) on the date of
conversion. “Majority Holders” means any of the following holders of capital stock of the
Company: (i) the holders of a majority the Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of a
majority of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting as separate clisses: or (11) the holders of a
majority the Series A Stock and the holders of at least 55% of the Series C Preferred Stock.
voling as separate classes; or (111) the holders of a majority the Scries B Stock and the holders
of at least 55% of the Series C Preferred Stock. voting as separate classes.

(e) The “Original Series C Issue Price” of the Series C Preferred
Stock shall be $3.7106 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof).

(f) The “Original Series B Issue Price’ of the Series B Preferred
Stock shall be $1.6329 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations. splits,
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof).

(g) The “Original Series A Issue Price’ of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be $1.00 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations
and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof).

(h) So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Company shall not pay or declare any dividend. whether in cash or property, or
make any other distribution on the Common Stock. or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
for value any shares of Common Stock until all accrued dividends as set forth in Section B.1(a)
above on the Series C Preferred Stock shall have been paid or declared an set apart, except for:

REST 1\6043570.4
357276-9
(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
Fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company. which acquisitions are approved
hy the Board (including at least two Preferred Designees (as defined below)):

(ii) acquisitions of Common Stock tn exereise of the
Company's right of first refusal to repurchase such shares, which acquisitions are approved by
the Board (including at feast two Preferred Designees): or

(iii) ~~ distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance
with Sections B.3, B.4 and/or B.6.

(i) So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Company shall not pay or declare any dividend. whether in cash or property, or
make any other distribution on the Common Stock, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
for value any shares of Common Stock until all accrued dividends as set forth in Section B.1(b)
above on the Series B Preferred Stock shall have been paid or declared an set apart, except for:

(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company, which acquisitions are approved
by the Board (including at least two Preferred Designees);

(ii) acquisitions of Common Stock in exercise of the
Company's right of first refusal to repurchase such shares. which acquisitions are approved by
the Board (including at least two Preferred Designees): or

(iii) distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance
with Sections B.3, B.4 and/or B.6.

(j) So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
outstanding. the Company shall not pay or declare any dividend. whether in cash or property, or
make any other distribution on the Common Stock, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
for value any shares of Common Stock until all accrued dividends as set forth in Section B.I(c)
above on the Series A Preferred Stock shall have been paid or declared an set apart. except for:

(i) acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of cost or
fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company. which acquisitions are approved
by the Board (including at least two Preferred Designees):

(ii) | acquisitions of Common Stock in exercise of the
Company's right of first refusal to repurchase such shares, which acquisitions are approved by
the Board (including at least two Preferred Designees): or

(iii) distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance
with Sections B.3, B.4 and/or B.6.

REST \604570.4
337276-9
(k) In the event dividends are patd on any share of Common Stock,
the Company shill pay an additional dividend on all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock ina
per share ameunt equal (an an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or
set uside for each share of Common Stock.

(1) The provisions of Sections B.f(h). Bold), B.lQ) and B.1CkK) shall
nol apply to a dividend payable solely in Common Stock to which the provisions of Section
B.S(f) hereof are appheable. or any repurchase of any outstanding securities of the Company
that is approved by the Board including at least two Preferred Designecs.

(m) Whenever a dividend provided for in this Section | shall be
payable in property other than cash, the value of such dividend shall be the fair market value of
such distribution as determined by the Board in good faith.

2. VOTING RIGHTS.

(a) General Rights. Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which
such shares of Preferred Stock could be converted (pursuant to Section B.5 hereof)
immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or the
effective date of such written consent and shall have voting rights and powers equal to the
voting rights and powers of the Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any
stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Company. Except as otherwise
provided hercin or as required by law. the Preferred Stock shall vote together with the Common
Stock ut any annual or special meeting of the stockholders and not as a separate class. and may
act by written consent in the same manner as the Common Stock.

(b) Separate Vote of Preferred Stock. For so long as at Icast
1,483,058 shares of Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock
split or other similar event affecting the Preferred Stock after the date hereof) remain
outstanding, tn addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law. the vote or
written consent of the holders of (i) at least a majority of the Preferred Stock, voting together
on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis. will be required to approve a Qualified Sale (as
defined in Section B.3 hereof) and (ii) at least 75% of the Preferred Stock. voting together on
an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis. will be required to approve a Liquidation. an Asset
Transfer, or an Acquisition (each as defined in Section B.4 hereof) that is not a Qualified Sale.

(c) Separate Vote of Majority Holders. For so long as at least
1.483.058 shares of Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock
split or other similar event affecting the Preferred Stock after the date hereof) remain
outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law. the vote or
written consent of the Majority Holders shall be necessary for effecting or validating the
following actions (whether by merger, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation, or
otherwise):

(i) Any issuance or deemed issuance of any equity or equity-
linked securities, except as expressly contemplated hereby (other than strategic corporate partner,

a"

REST 1\604570.4
357276-9
employee stock grant, equipment financing, acquisition of another company offerings approved
by the Board. including at least (wo Preferred Designees):

(ii) Any action that changes the principal nature of the
Company's business:

(iii) | Any action that authorizes. effects (or permits any
subsidiary to authorize or effect) the sale in any manner, directly or indirectly, of any material
business unit or going concern of the Company (or any subsidiary) to any person or entity: or

(iv) Any action that results in the issuance of any indebtedness
or any debt securities (x) in a principal amount aggregating in excess of $1,000,000 or (y) with an
interest rate greater than fifty percent (50%) per annum or any sort of multiple payment or return
feature: provided however, that any debt issued below this level must be limited to what can be
secured by accounts receivable financing from a bank

(d) Separate Vote of Series C Preferred Stock. For so long as at
least 470.650 shares of Series C Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment for any stock split,
reverse stock split or other similar event affecting the Series C Preferred Stock after the date
hereof) remain outstanding. in addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law.
the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 55% of the outstanding Series C Preferred
Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be necessary for effecting or validating the following
actions (whether by merger, recapitalization, reclassification. consolidation, or otherwise):

(i) Any amendment, alteration, addition. or repeal of any
provision of this Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the
Company (including any filing of a Certificate of Designation);

(ii) Any action that results in the exchange, reclassification. or
cancelation of all or any shares of Preferred Stock (other than the conversion of Preterred Stock
into shares of Common Stock as provided in Section B.5 below):

(iii) © Any authorization, creation, or designation of any new class
or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity securities of the Company
ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series C Preferred Stock in right of redemption,
liquidation preference. voting or dividend rights or any other material rights senior to or on parity
with those of the Series C Preferred Stock or any increase in the authorized or designated number
of any such new class or series;

(iv) Any redemption. repurchase, payment or declaration of
dividends or other distributions with respect to Common Stock or Preferred Stock other than
dividends required pursuant to Section B.1 hereof (except for acquisitions of Common Stock by
the Company permitted by Section B.I(h)(i), (ii) and (iii), Section B.1(1)(). (11) and (iti) and
Section B.1(j)(i), Gi) and (111) hereof and redemptions required by Section B.6 hercof):

(v) Any voluntary dissolution or liquidation of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries; or

RESTING03570.4
347276-9
(vi) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Company's Board.

(e) Separate Vote of Series B Preferred Stock. For so long as at
least GL 2407 shares of Series 1s Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment for any stock split.
reverse stock split or other similar event affecting the Series B Preferred Stock after the date
hereal) remain outstanding, in addition fo any other vote or consent required herein or by law.
the vole or written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the oulstanding Series B
Preferred Stock. voting as a separate class. shall be necessary for effecting or validating the
following actions (whether by merger, recapitalization. reclassification, consolidation. or
otherwise):

(i) Any amendment, alteration, addition, or repeal of any
provision of this Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the
Company (including any filing of a Certificate of Designation):

(ii) Any action that results in the exchange, reclassification, or
cancellation of all or any shares of Preferred Stock (other than the conversion of Preferred Stock
into shares of Common Stock as provided in Section B.5 below);

(iii) = Anv authorization, creation, or designation of anv new class
or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity secunties of the Company
ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series B Preferred Stock in right of redemption,
liquidation preference, voting or dividend! rights or any other material rights senior to or on parity
with those of the Series B Preferred Stock or any increase in the authorized or designated number
of any such new class or series:

(iv) Any redemption, repurchase, payment or declaration of
dividends or other distributions with respect to Common Stock or Preferred Stock other than
dividends required pursuant to Section B.! hereof (except for acquisitions of Common Stock by
the Company permitted by Section B.I(h)(i). (it) and (iii). Section B.1(G)(i), (it) and (iii) and
Section B.1(j)(). (11) and (111) hereof and redemptions required by Section B.6 hereof);

(v) Any voluntary dissolution or liquidation of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries: or

(vi) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Company’s Board.

(f) Separate Vote of Series A Preferred Stock. For so long as at
Icust 400.000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment for any stock split,
reverse stock split or other similar event affecting the Series Preferred after the filing date
hereof) remain outstanding. in addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law,
the vote or written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Series A
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class. shall be necessary for effecting or validating the
following actions (whether by merger, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation, or
otherwise):

REST IVINS 70.4
3572769
(i) Any action that results in the exchange. reclassification, or
cancellation of all or any shares of Preferred Stock (other than the conversion of the Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock as provided in Seetion B.5 below):

{ii) Any redemption. repurchase. payment or declaration. of
dividends or other distributions with respect to Common Stock or Preferred Stock other than
dividends required pursuant to Section B.1 hereof (except for acquisitions of Common Stock by
the Company permitted by Section B.l(h)G). (1) and (iii), Section B.1(i)G). (ii) and (iii) and
Section B.1 (ji). (ii) and (iit) hereof and redemptions required by Section B.6 hereo!): or

(iii) = Any voluntary dissoludion or liquidation of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries.

(g) Election of Board of Directors. The directors elected pursuant
to Sections B.2(g)(i). (ii) and (iii) below are referred to herein as the “Preferred Designees.”

(i) For so long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, the holders of the Scries C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to clect one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of
the Company's stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such
directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(ii) For so long as any shares of Scries B Preferred Stock
remain outstanding. the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of
the Company's stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such
directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(iii) | For so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock
remain outstanding. the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to clect one (1) member of the Board ut each meeting or pursuant to each consent of
the Company's stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such
directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(iv) Except as expressly provided in Section A.2(b) and
Sections B.2(g)(1). (ii) and (111), the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock. voting
together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all remaining
members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(v) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary,
if any Event of Default (as defined below) occurs and continues for ninety (90) days, and until
such Event of Default is cured, the holders of the then-outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and
Series C Preterred Stock, voting together us a single class and on an as-if-converted to Common
Stock basis, shall have the right to elect such number of members of the Board such that
nominees of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock (including directors
elected pursuant to Sections B.2(g)(i) and B.2(g)(ii)) constitute a majority of the Board. For the

8

REST 1IN003570.4
337276-9
purposes hereof, an “Event of Default” shall mean (a) the filing of any petition, whether
voluntary or involuntary, seeking the reorganization or liquidation of the Corporation under any
provision of the Federal Bankruptey Code or any other federal or state reorganization, insolvency
or debtor relief law. (b) the appomtment of any receiver. liquidator or trustee for the Corporation
or any of is properties by a court order and which appointment is not vacated within forty-five
(45) davs. or (ec) the Corporation ts adjudicated insolvent. or the Corporation shall make an
assignment for the benefit of any of its creditors, admit in writing an inability to pay debts when
they heeome due in the ordinary course of its business. or consent to the appointment of a
receiver, trustee or liquidator for the Corporation or all or any part of the property of the
Corporation,

3 LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

(a) Subject to Section B.3(c) below. upon any liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Company, whcther voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation
Event’). before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock, the
holders of Scries C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Serics A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution
for each share of Preferred Stock held by them. an amount per share of (1) Series C Preferred
Stock equal to the Original Series C Issue Price plus all accrued dividends and/or all declared
and unpaid dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock (the “Series C Liquidation Preference’),
(ii) Series B Preferred Stock equal to the Original Series B Issue Price plus all accrued
dividends and/or all declared and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series
B Liquidation Preference’), and (iii) Series A Preferred Stock equal to the Original Series A
[ssue Price plus all accrued dividends and/or all declared and unpaid dividends on the Series A
Preferred Stock (the “Series A Liquidation Preference’ and together with the Series B
Liquidation Preference and the Series C Liquidation Preference, the “Liquidation
Preferences’). If. upon any such Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company shall be
insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Preferred Stock of the Liquidation
Preferences, then such assets (or consideration) shall be distributed among the holders of
Preterred Stock at the time outstanding. ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they
would otherwise be respectively entitled if the Liquidation Preferences had been paid in full.

(b) Subject to Section B.3(c) below, after the payment of the full
Liquidation Preferences. the assets of the Company legally available for distribution in such
Liquidation Event (or the consideration received by the Company or its stockholders in such
Acquisition or Asset Transfer). if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections B.3(a) and
B.3{b), in connection with a Qualified Sale. the assets of the Company legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock and Preferred
Stock on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis and no holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive any portion of such holder's Liquidation Preferences. As used herein, the
term “Qualified Sale” will mean any Liquidation Event (or Acquisition or Asset Transfer) in
which the proceeds legally available for distribution to Company stockholders at closing or
within five business days thereafter are at least $150 million as determined by the Board in

9
REST INO04570.4
357276-9
good faith (the “Distribution”). provided that in making the determination as to whether $150
million is available For Distribution at closing or within five business days thereafter, the Bourd
will (i) exclude the following: (A) all amounts in excess of 12.5% of the aggregate purchase
price that are placed inte a general escrow account (1c. un escrow account securing Indemnity
obligations i connection with breaches of representations and warranties and covenants) in
connechon with such Qualified Sale. (By all amounts that are placed into a special escrow
account (i.e. an escrow account securing indemnity obligations related to speeitied and/or
identified risks or matters) or (C) all amounts that are subject to an earnout or other future
payment contingencies (such as the achievement of milestones) and (11) not exclude amounts
that are not distributed or made available for distribution by the acquiror due to the failure of
one or more Company security holders to tender their securities or to execute and return a
reasonable letter of transmittal,

4. ASSET TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION RIGHTS,

(a) An Acquisition or Asset Transfer shall be deemed to be a
liquidation of the Company, unless the holders of (x) a majority of the outstanding Series A
Preferred Stock, voting as a single class. (y) a majonty of the outstanding Series B Preferred
Stock, voling as a single class. and (z) at least 55% of the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock,
voting as a single class, each elect otherwise by written notice given to the Company at least
five (5) days prior to the cffective date of any such Acquisition or Asset Transfer (a “Deemed
Liquidation”). The Company shall not have the power to effect any transaction constituting a
Deemed Liquidation unless the agreement or plan of merger or consolidation provides that the
consideration payable to the stockholders of the Company shall be allocated among the holders
of capital stock of the Company in accordance with Sections B.3(a), B.3(b) and B.3(c) above.
The amount deemed paid or distributed to holders of capital stock of the Company upon any
Deemed Liquidation shall be the cash or the value of the property, rights, or securities paid or
distributed to such holders by the Company or the acquiring person, firm, or other entity. The
value of such property, rights or securities shall be its fair market value as determined in good
faith by the Board on the date such determination is made.

(b) For the purposes of this Section B.4:

(i) “Acquisition” shall mean (A) any consolidation or merger
(x) of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, or any other
corporate reorganization, or (y) in which a subsidiary of the Corporation is a constituent party
and the Corporation issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation.
other than any such transaction in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to
such consolidation. merger or reorganization, continue to hold at least a majority of the voting
power of the surviving entity (or. if the surviving entity is a wholly owned subsidiary. its parent)
immediately ufter such consolidation. merger or reorganization: or (B) any transaction or series
of related transactions to which the Company is a party in which in excess of fifty percent (50%)
of the Company's voling power is transferred: provided that an Acquisition shall not include any
transaction or series of transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which
cash is received by the Company or any successor or indebtedness of the Company is cancelled
or converted or a combination thercof; and

10
REST ING0570.4
357276-9
(ii) “Asset Transfer” shall mean the sale. lease, transfer.
exclusive license or other disposition, in a single transaction or scries of related transactions. by
the Corporation er any subsidiary of the Corporation of all or a majority of the assets of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. except where such sale. lease. transfer.
exclusive license or other disposition is toa wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation,

(c) In the event of an Acquisition pursuant to Section B.4C(biG (vy) or
an Asset Transfer pursuant to Section B.4(b)(Gii) above (each a “Deemed Liquidation Event’),
if the Corporavion docs not effect a dissolution of the Corporation under the DGCL within
ninety (YO) davs after such Deemed Liquidation Event, then (A) the Corporation shall deliver a
written notice to each holder of Preferred Stock no later than the nineticth (90"") day after the
Deemed Liquidation Event advising such holders of their right (and the requirements to be met
to secure such right) pursuant to the terms of the following clause (B) lo require the redemption
of such shares of Preferred Stock, and (B) if the holders of a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock. voting together as a single class, so request in a written instrument
delivered to the Corporation not later than one hundred twenty-five (125) days after such
Deemed Liquidation Event, the Corporation shall use the consideration received by the
Corporation for such Deemed Liquidation Event (net of any retained liabilities associated with
the assets sold or technology licensed, as determined in good faith by the Board) (the “Net
Proceeds’) to redeem, to the extent legally available therefor. on the one hundred fifticth
(150") day after such Deemed Liquidation Event (the “Liguidation Redemption Date’), all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock at a price per share equal to the amount that such holders
ure entitled to receive in accordance with Sections B.3(a), B.3(b) and B.3(c) above. In the
event of a redemption pursuant to the preceding sentence, if the Net Proceeds are not sufficient
to redecm all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, or if the Corporation does not have
sufficient lawfully available funds to effect such redemption, the Corporation shall redeem a
pro rata portion of each holder's shares of Preferred Stock, to the fullest extent of such Net
Proceeds or such lawfully available funds, as the case may be until all shares of Preferred Stock
are redeemed in full (with any partial payment ratably in proportion to the full amounts to
which they would otherwise be respectively entitled if the amounts that such holders are
entitled to reccive in accordance with Section B.3(a). B.3(b) and B.3(c) had been paid in full).
The provisions of Section B.6(a) through (e) below shall apply, with such necessary changes in
the details thercof as ure necessitated by the context. to the redemption of the Preferred Stock
pursuant to this Section B.4(c). Prior to the distribution or redemption provided for in this
Section B.4(c), the Corporation shall not expend or dissipate the consideration received for
such Deemed Liquidation Event, except to discharge expenses incurred in the ordinary course
of business.

(d) The amount deemed paid or distributed to the holders of capital
stock of the Corporation upon any such merger, consolidation, sale, transfer, exclusive license,
other disposition or redemption shall be the cash or the value of the property, rights or
securities paid or distributed to such holders by the Corporation or the acquiring person, firm or
other entity. The value of such property. rights or securities shall be determined in good faith
by the Board.

I]
REST IN008570.4
357276-9
5. CONVERSION RIGHTS.

The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have the following rights with
respect to the conversion of the Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock (he “Conversion
Rights”):

(a) Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section B.S. any shares of Preferred Stock may. at the option of the holder,
be converted at any time into fully-paid and nonasscessable shares of Common Stock. The
number of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall be
entitled upon conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the Series C Preferred
Conversion Rate then in effect (determined as provided in Section B.5(b)) by the number of
shares of Scries C Preferred being converted. The number of shares of Common Stock to
which a holder of Scries B Preferred Stock shall be entitled upon conversion shall be the
product obtained by multiplying the Series B Preferred Conversion Rate then in effect
(determined as provided in Section B.5(b)) by the number of shares of Series B Preferred being
converted. The number of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled upon conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the Series
A Preferred Conversion Rate then in effect (determined as provided in Section B.3(b)) by the
number of shares of Series A Preferred being converted.

(b) Conversion Rate.

(i) The conversion rate in effect at any time for conversion of
the Series C Preferred Stock (the “Series C Preferred Conversion Rate’) shall be the quoticnt
obtained by dividing the Original Series C Issue Price by the Series C Preterred Conversion
Price, calculated as provided in Section B.S(c).

(ii) The conversion rate in effect at any time for conversion of
the Serics B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred Conversion Rate™) shall be the quotient
obtained by dividing the Original Series B Issue Price by the Series B Preferred Conversion
Price, calculated as provided in Section B.5(c).

(iii) |§ The conversion rate in effect at any time for conversion of
the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Conversion Rate’) shall be the quotient
obtained by dividing the Original Series A Issue Price by the Series A Preferred Conversion
Price, calculated as provided in Section B.S(c).

(c) Conversion Price.

(t) The conversion price for the Series C Preferred Stock shall
initially be the Original Series C Issue Price (the ‘Series C Preferred Conversion Price’). Such
initial Series C Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time in accordance
with this Section B.5. All references to the Series C Preferred Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series C Preferred Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(ii) The conversion price for the Series B Preferred Stock shall
initially be the Original Series B Issue Price (the “Series B Preferred Conversion Price’). Such

12
REST INGU3570.4
357276-9
initial Series B Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time in accordance
with this Section B.S. All references to the Scrics B Preferred Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Scries B Preferred Conversion Price as so adjusted.

Gi The conversion price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall
initially be the Original Series A Issue Price (the “Series A Preferred Conversion Price’). Such
initial Series A Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time in accordance
with this Section B.S. All references to the Series A Preferred Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series A Preferred Conversion Price as so adjusted. Each of the Series A Conversion
Price, the Serics B Conversion Price and the Series C Conversion Price is sometimes referred to
herein as a “Conversion Price”.

(d) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Preferred Stock who
desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section B.S shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Company at such
office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of shares
of Preterred Stock being converted. Thereupon, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver
at such office to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common
Stock to which such holder ts entitled and shal! promptly pay (1) in cash or, to the extent
sufficient funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common
Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of such conversion), any
declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred Stock being converted and (ii) in cash
(at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of
conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any
holder of Preferred Stock. Such conversion shal] be deemed to have been made at the close of
business on the date of such surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Preferred
Stock to be converted, ind the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of
Common Stock on such date. Anv accrued but unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred
Stock being converted into Common Stock pursuant to this Section B.5(d) shall be terminated
and canceled.

(e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If at any time
or from time to time on or after the date that the first share of Series C Preferred Stock is issued
(the “Original Series C Issue Date”) the Company effects a subdivision of the outstanding
Common Stock without a corresponding subdivision of any sertes of Preferred Stock, the
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately before that
subdivision shall be proportionately decreased. Conversely, if at any time or from time to time
alter the Original Series C Issue Date the Company combines the outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares without a corresponding combination of any
series of Preferred Stock, the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in effect
immediately before the combination shall be proportionately increased. Any adjustment under
this Section B.5(e) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or
combination becomes etfective.

13
RESTINGO45 70.4
357276-9
(f) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions,
If at any time or from time to time on or after the Original Series C Issue Date the Company
pays to holders of Common Stock a dividend or other distribution in additional shares of
Common Stock without a corresponding dividend or other distribution to holders of any series
of Preferred Stock, the Conversion Price of such series of Preferred Stock then in effect shall
be deereased as of the time of such issuance. as provided below:

(i) Uhe Conversion Price of such series of Preferred Stock
shall be adjusted by multiplying such Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction equal to:

(A) — the numerator of which is the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding tmmediately prior to the time of such issuance, and

(B) — the denominator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution:

(ii) It the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution, the
Conversion Price of such series of Preferred Stock shall each be fixed as of the close of business
on such record date and the number of shares of Common Stock shall be calculated immediately
prior to the close of business on such record date: and

(iii) If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Conversion Price of
such series of Preferred Stock shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on
such record date and thereafter such Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section
B.5(f) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

(g) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, Substitution,
Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. If at any time or from time to time on or after the
Original Series C Issue Date the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock is changed into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock.
whether by recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an
Acquisition or Asset Transfer as defined in Section B.4 or a subdivision or combination of
shares or stock dividend provided for elsewhere in this Section B.5). in any such event each
holder of Preferred Stock shall then have the right to convert such stock into the kind and
amount of stock and other securitics and property receivable upon such recapitalization,
reclassification, merger, consolidation or other change by holders of the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock could have been converted
immediately prior to such recapitalization, reclassification, merger. consolidation or change, all
subject to further adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or
property by the terms thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the
application of the provisions of this Section B.S with respect to the rights of the holders of
Preferred Stock after the capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this Section B.5
(including adjustment of the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock then in effect

14
RESTNG04570.4
357276-9
and the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock) shall be applicable
after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(h) Sale of Shares Below Conversion Price.

(i) HWeatany time or from time to time alter the Original Scries
C Issue Dite the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this Section
B.S(h) to have issued or sold. Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined below), other than
as provided in Section B.5(e), B.S(f) or B.5(g) above, for an Effective Price (as defined below)
less than the then effective Serics C Preferred Conversion Price. Series B Preferred Conversion
Price or the Series A Preferred Conversion Price, as applicable (a “Qualifying Dilutive
Issuance’), then and in each such case. the then existing Series C Preferred Conversion Price,
Series B Preferred Conversion Price and/or the Series A Preferred Conversion Price, as
applicable, shall be reduced. concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest
one-hundredth of a cent) determined in accordance with the following formula:

CP:=CP, * (A+B)+(A+C)
For purposes of the foregoing formula. the following definitions shall apply:

(1) CP» shall mean the applicable Conversion Price in effect
immediately after such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock:

(2) CP, shall mean the applicable Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock:

(3) “A” shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding and dcemed outstanding immediately prior to such issue of Additional
Shares of Common Stock (treating for this purpose as outstanding all shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of all! rights, warrants or options
outstanding immediately pnor to such issue or upon conversion of Convertible
Securities (including the Preferred Stock) outstanding (assuming exercise of any
outstanding rights, warrants or options therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

(4) “B” shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued if such Additional Shares of Common Stock had
been issued at a price per share equal to CP, (determined by dividing the
Aggregate Consideration received by the Corporation in respect of such issue by
CP,): and

(5) “C” shall mean the number of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock issued in such transaction.

(ii) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section B.5(h), the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of
securitics (the “Aggregate Consideration’) shall be defined as: (A) to the extent it consists of
cash, be computed at the gross amount of cash received by the Company before deduction of any
underwriting or similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the

l

nN

REST \604570,4
3572769
Company in connection with such issue or sale and without deduction of any expenses payable
by the Company, (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, be computed at the fair
value of that property as determined in good firth by the Board. and (C) if Additional Shares of
Cammon Stack. Convertible Securities (as defined below) or rights ar eptions to purchase either
Additional Shares ef Common Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with
other stock or securities or other assets of the Company fora consideration which covers both. be
computed as the portion of the consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in
good faith by the Board to be allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock. Convertible
Securities or rights or options.

(iii) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this
Section S(h), if the Company issues or sells (x) Preferred Stock or other stock, options, warrants,
purchase rights or other securities convertible into, Additional Shares of Common Stock (such
convertible stock or securities being hercin referred to as “Convertible Securities”) or (y) rights
or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and
if the Effective Price of such Additional Shares of Common Stock is less than the Serics C
Preferred Conversion Price, Series B Preferred Conversion Price or the Series A Preferred
Conversion Price, as applicable, in each case the Company shall be deemed to have issued at the
time of the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number of
Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have
received us consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of
the consideration, if anv. received by the Company for the issuance of such rights or options or
Convertible Securities plus:

(A) — in the case of such rights or options, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such rights or
options: and

(B) in the case of Convertible Securities. the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion thereof (other
than by cancellation of habilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities):
provided that if the minimum amounts of such consideration cannot be ascertained, but are a
function of antidilution or similar protective clauses. the Company shall be deemed to have
received the minimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses.

(C) If the minimum amount of consideration payable to
the Company upon the exercise or conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is
reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events other than by
reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective Price shall be recalculated using the figure to
which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced: provided further, that if the minimum
amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion of such rights,
options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price shall be again
recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon
the exercise or conversion of such rights. options or Convertible Securities.

(D) No further adjustment of the Conversion Price of a
series of Preferred Stock adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible
Securities, shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common

16
REST1\G03570.4
357276-9
Stock or the exercise of any such rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible
Securities. If any such rights or options or the conversion privilege represented by any such
Convertible Securities shall expire without having been exercised. the Conversion Price af a
series of Preferred Stock adjusted upon the issuance of such rights. options or Convertible
Securities shall be readjusted to the applicable Conversion Price which would have been in effect
had an adjustment been made on the basis that the only Additional Shares of Common Stock so
ised were the Additional Shares of Common Stock. if any. actually issued or sold on the
exercise of such rights or options or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such
Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration actually
received hy the Company upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any. actually received by
the Company for the granting of all such rights or options, whether or not exercised. plus the
consideration received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually converted, plus
the consideration, if any, actually received by the Company (other than bv cancellation of
liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such
Convertible Sccurities, provided that such readjustment shall not apply to prior conversions of
Preferred Stock.

(iv) For the purpose of making any adjustment to the
Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock required under this Section B.5(h), “Additional
Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or
deemed to be issued pursuant to this Section B.5(h) (including shares of Common Stock
subsequently reacquired or retired by the Company), other than:

(A) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
the Preferred Stock:

(B) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued after the Original Series C Issue Date to cmployces, officers or directors of, or consultants
or advisors to the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to the Company's 2005 Stock Plan, as
amended (the “Plan™), or such other stock purchase or stock option plans or other arrangements
that are approved by the Board (including at least two Preferred Designees) (collectively with the
Plan, the “Option Plans’):

(C) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the
exercise of Convertible Securities outstanding as of the Original Series C Issue Date;

(D) | shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger. consolidation, acquisition. strategic

alliance or similar business combination approved by the Board (including at least two Preferred
Designees):

(E) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement. real property leasing arrangement
or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board (including at
least two Preferred Designees);

17
REST1603570.2
387270-9
——————

(F) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securitics
issued to third-party service providers approved by the Board: in exchange for or as partial
consideration for services rendered to the Company: and

(G) any Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issucdl in Connection with strategic transactions involving the Company and other entities,
include) joint. ventures. manufacturing, marketing or distibution arrangements or
(ii) technology transfer or development arangements: provided that the issuance of shares
therein has been approved by the Company's Board (including at Icast two Preferred Designees).

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (v) above shall
mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to
this Section B.S(h). The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean
the quotient determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock
issued or sold. or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company under this Section B.5(h).
into the Aggregate Consideration received. or deemed to have been received by the Company for
such issue under this Section B.S(h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event
that the number of shares of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the Effective Price cannot
be useertained at the time of issuance, such Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be deemed
issucd immediately upon the occurrence of the first event that makes such number of shares or
the Effective Price, as applicable, ascertainable.

(v) — In the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance
(the “First Dilutive Issuance”), then in the event that the Company issues or sells. or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifving Dilutive Issuance
other than the First Dilutive Issuance as a part of the same transaction or series of related
transactions as the First Dilutive Issuance (a “Subsequent Dilutive Issuance’), then and in each
such case upon a Subsequent Dilutive Issuance the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred
Stock shall be reduced to the applicable Conversion Price that would have been in effect had the
First Dilutive Issuance and each Subsequent Dilutive Issuance all occurred on the closing date of
the First Dilutive Issuance.

(i) Waiver of Antidilution Protection. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary. any provision of Section B.5(h) and any adjustments made or required to be
made to the Series C Preferred Conversion Price may be waived on behalf of all shares of
Scries C Preferred Stock by the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 55% of the
outstanding Series C Preterred Stock, voting as a separate class. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary, any provision of Section B.5(h) and any adjustments made or required to be made
to the Series B Preferred Conversion Price may be waived on behalf of all shares of Series B
Preferred Stock by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
Series B Preferred Stock. voting as a separate class. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
any provision of Section B.5(h) and any adjustments made or required to be made to the Series
A Preferred Conversion Price may be waived on behalf of all shares of Series A Preferred
Stock by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Series A
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class.

18
RESTIGU4S7I.4
5872709
(j) Certificate of Adjustment. In cach case of an adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock for the number of shares of
Common Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock,
iT such series of Preferred Stock is then convertible pursuant to this Section B.S. the Company,
alo is cxpense. shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
provisions hereof and shall, upon request, prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or
readjustment. and shall mail such certificate. by first class mail. postage prepaid. to each
registered holder of Preferred Stock so requesting at the holder's address as shown in the
Company's books. The certificate shall set forth such adjustment or readjustment. showing in
detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, including a statement of
(i) the consideration received or deemed to be received by the Company for any Additional
Shares of Common Stock issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold, (i) the
applicable Conversion Price at the time in effect. (111) the number of Additional Shares of
Common Stock and (iv) the type and amount, if any, of other property which at the time would
be received upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. Failure to request or provide such notice
shall have no effect on any such adjustment.

(k) Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of
a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders
thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or (11) any Acquisition (as
defined in Section 4) or other capital reorganization of the Company, anv reclassification or
recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any merger or consolidation of the
Company with or into any other corporation, or any Asset Transfer (as defined in Section B.4).
or any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the
Company shall mail to each holder of Preferred Stock at least ten (10) days prior to (x) the
record date. if anv, specified therein: or (y) if no record date is specified, the date upon which
such action is to take effect (or. in either case. such shorter period approved by the holders of a
majority of the outstanding Preferred Stock) a notice specifying (A) the date on which any such
record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution and a description of such
dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition, reorganization,
reclassification, transfer, consolidation. merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or
winding up is expected to become effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to be fixed as to
when the holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange
their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for securities or other property deliverable
upon such Acquisition. reorganization, reclassification, transfer. consolidation, merger. Asset
Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

(I) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall automatically
be converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective Series C Preferred
Conversion Price, (A) at any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least 55% of
the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class. or (B)
immediately upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933. as amended, covering the offer and sale
of Common Stock for the account of the Company in which (i) the per share price is at least four
(4) times the sum of (x) the Original Series C Issue Price (as adjusted for stock splits. dividends,

19
RESTN\604570.4
357276-9
recapitalizations and the like after the filing date hereof), plus (y) any accrued dividends on one
(1) share of Scrics C Preferred Stock; and (ii) the net cash proceeds to the Company (after
underwriting discounts, conimissions and fees) are at Jeast $30,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO”).
Upon such automatic conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock. any accrued and any declared
and unpaid dividends shall be paid mi accordance with the provisions of Section B.t(d) and
Section B.std). Each share of Serres B Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock. based on the then-elfective Series B Preferred Conversion Price, (A) at
any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of the Serics B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, or (B) immediately upon a
closing of a Qualified IPO. Upon such automatic conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock. any
accrued and any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of
Section B.1(d) and Section B.5(d). Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shal] automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock. based on the then-effective Series A Preferred
Conversion Price, (A) at anv time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least a
majority of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting us a separate class, or
(B) immediately upon a closing of a Qualified IPO. Upon such automatic conversion of the
Series A Preferred Stock, any accrued and anv declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in
accordance with the provisions of Section B.1(d) and Section B.5(d).

(ii) Upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in
Section B.5(1)(1) above, the outstanding shares of each applicable series of Preferred Stock shal!
be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether
or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer
agent: provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates
evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Company or its transfer
agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agrecment satisfactory to the
Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic conversion of a serics of Preferred Stock, the
holders of such series of Preferred Stock shall surrender the certificates representing such shares
at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock. Thereupon. there shall
be issued and delivered to such holder promptly at such office and in its name as shown on such
surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock into which the shares of such series of Preferred Stock surrendered were
convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any accrued and
declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section B.1(d)
and Section B.5(d).

(m) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (including
fractions thercof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of
issuing any fractional share. pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the fair

20
REST ING04570 4
357276-9
market value of one share of Common Stock (as determined by the Board) on the date of
conversion.

(10) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion, — The
Company shall at all ames reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock. solely for the purpase of effecting the conversion of the shares of the
Preferred Stock. such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficrent to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock. [fF at any
lime the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to
effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Company will
take such corporate action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(0) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section B.
5 shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (1) upon personal delivery to the
purty to be notified, (if) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during
normal busmess hours of the recipient; tf not, then on the next business day, (111) five (5) days
ater having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next
day delivery, with verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to each holder of
record at the address of such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

(p) Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to
the issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock,
excluding any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of
Preferred Stock so converted were registered.

(q) Special Mandatory Conversion

(i) In the event that any holder of shares of Preferred Stock
does not participate in a Qualified Financing (as defined below) by purchasing in the aggregate.
in such Qualified Financing and within the time period specified by the Corporation (provided
that the Corporation has given such holder at least ten (10) days written notice of the Qualified
Financing). such holder's Pro Rata Amount (as defined below). then each share of Preferred
Stock held by such holder shall automatically, and without any further action on the part of such
holder. be converted into shares of Common Stock at the applicable rate of conversion specified
in this Section B.S then in effect immediately prior to the consummation of such Qualified
Financing, effective upon. subject to, and concurrently with, the consummation of the Qualified
Financing. For purposes of determining the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned by a
holder, and for determining the number of Offered Securities a holder of Preferred Stock has
purchased in a Qualified Financing, all shares of Preferred Stock held by Affiliates of such holder
shall be aggregated with such holder's shares and all Offered Securities purchased by Affiliates
of such holder shall be aggregated with the Offered Securities purchased by such holder
(provided that no shares or securities shall be attributed to more than one entity or person within
any such group of affiliated entities or persons). Upon such conversion (a “Special Mandatory

21

RESTINGOSS 70.4
357276-9
Conversion’), any shares of Preferred Stock so converted shall be cancelled and not subject to
relssuance.

(ii) Upon a Speetal Mandatory Conversion. each holder of
shares of Preferred Stock converted pursuant to Section B.5(qjG) shall surrender his. her or its
certificate or certificates for all such shares to the Corporation at the place designated in such
notice. and shall thereafter receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to this Section B.5(q). All rights with respect to the
Preferred Stock converted pursuant to Section B.5(q)(1), including the rights. if any, to receive
notices and vote (other than as a holder of Common Stock). will terminate. except only the rights
of the holders thereof. upon surrender of their certificate or certificates therefor, to receive
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock has bcen
converted, and payment ol any declared but unpaid dividends thereon. For the sake of clarity, ull
uecrued but unpaid dividends on such converted Preferred Stock shall be cancelled. If so
required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or
accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or by his, her or its attorney duly authorized
in writing. As soon as practicable after the Special Mandatory Conversion and the surrender of
the certificate or certificates for Preferred Stock so converted, the Corporation shall cause to be
issued and delivered to such holder, or on his, her or its written order, a certificate or certificates
for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such conversion in accordance with
the provisions hereof and cash as provided in Section B.5(m) in respect of any fraction of a share
of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion.

(iii) ~~ All certificates evidencing shares of Preferred Stock which
ure required to be surrendered for conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof shall,
from and after the time of the Special Mandatory Conversion, be deemed to have been retired
and cancelled, and the shares of Preferred Stock converted pursuant to Section B.5(q)(i)
represented thereby shall. from and after the time of the Special Mandatory Conversion, be
deemed to have been converted into Common Stock for all purposes. notwithstanding the failure
of the holder or holders thereof to surrender such certiticates on or prior to such date. The
Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action)
us may be necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock accordingly.

(iv) For purposes of this Section B.5(q), the following
definitions shall apply:

(A) “Affiliate” shall mean, with respect to any holder of
shares of Preferred Stock, any person, entity or firm which. directly or indirectly. controls. is
controlled by or is under common contro! with such holder, including, without limitation, any
entity of which the holder is a partner or member, any partner. officer. director. member or
employee of such holder and any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing of which the
holder is a partner or member which ts controlled by or under common control with one or more
gencral partners of such holder or shares the same management company with such holder.

(B) “Offered Securities’ shall mean the equity
securities of the Corporation set aside by the Board for purchase by holders of outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock in connection with a Qualified Financing, and offered to such holders.

22
REST 1O04570.4
3972700
(C) “Pro Rata Amount” shall mean, with respect to any
holder of Preferred Stock, the lesser of (a) a number of Offered Securities calculated by
multiplying the aggregate number of Offered Securities by a fraction, the numerator of which is
equal to the number af shares of Common Stock held by such holder. including shares of
Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of all options. warrants and rights and
Convertible Securities (other than converuble promissory notes) held by such holder. and the
denominator of which is equal to the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Common Stock.
including (x) Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of all options, warrants and
rights and Convertible Securities (other than convertible promissory notes), plus (y) the shares of
Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Option Plans and not included in
Section 5.B(q)ivy(C)(x) above, or (b) the maximum number of Offered Securities that such
holder is permitted by the Corporation to purchase in such Qualified Financing. after giving
elfect to anv cutbacks or limitations established by the Board and applied on a pro rata basis to
all holders of Preferred Stock.

(D) “Qualified Financing” shall mean any transaction
involving the issuance or sale of equity securities of the Corporation primarily for equity
financing or debt financing purposes (as determined by the Board in good faith) after the Original
Series C Issue Date which would result in the reduction of the Series C Preferred Conversion
Price pursuant to Section B.S5(h) above, unless the holders of (x) at least a majority of the Scries
A Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting as a separate class, (y) at least a majority of the Series
B Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting as separate classes and (z) at least 55% of the Series
C Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting as a separate class, elect otherwise by written notice
given to the Corporation at least five (5) days prior to the consummation of the Qualified
Financing.

6. REDEMPTION.

(a) The Company shall be obligated to redecm the Series C Preferred
Stock as follows:

(i) The holders of at least 55% of the then outstanding shares
of Series C Preferred Stock. voling together as a separate class, may require the Company. to the
extent it may lawfully do so, to redeem all of the then outstanding Series C Preferred Stock in
one installment beginning not prior to the fifth anniversary of the Original Series C Issue Date
(“Series C Redemption Date’’): provided in the case of an Event of Default that is continuing for
ninety (90) days, holders of 55% of the Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding, acting as a
single class, shall have the right to require the Company to redeem all of the then-outstanding
Series C Preferred Stock prior to the fifth anniversary of the Original Series C Issue Date;
provided further that the Company shall receive at least sixty (60) days prior to such Series C
Redemption Date written notice of such election of the Series C Preferred Stock. The Company
shall effect such redemptions on the Series C Redemption Date by paying in cash in exchange for
the shares of Series C Preterred Stock to be redeemed on the Series C Redemption Date a sum
equal to greater of (x) the Original Series C Issue Price per share and (y) the fair market value of
the Series C Preferred Stock as of the Series C Redemption Date. as determined by an
independent, qualified, third-party appraiser mutually acceptable to the holders of a majority of

23
REST I\604570.4
357270-9
the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock and the Company). The total amount to be paid for the
Series C Preferred Stock is hereinafter referred to as the “Series C Redemption Price.”

(ii) At Jeast thirty (30) days but no more than sixty (60) days
prior to the Series C Redemption Date. the Company shail send a notice (a “Series C
Redemption Notice’) to all holders of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed setting forth (A)
the Series C Redemption Price for the shares to be redeemed: and (B) the place at which such
holders may obtain payment of the Serics C Redemption Price upon surrender of their share
certificates. Wi the Company does not have sulficient funds legally available to redeem all shares
to be redeemed at the Series C Redemption Date (including, if applicable. those to be redeemed
at the option of the Company). then it shall so notify such holders and shall redcem such shares
pro rata (based on the portion of the aggregate Series C Redemption Price payable to them) to the
extent possible and shall redeem the remaining shares to be redeemed as soon as sufficient funds
are legally available.

(iii) = On or prior to the Series C Redemption Date, the Company
shall deposit the Series C Redemption Price of all shares to be redeemed with a bank or trust
company having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of $100.000,000, as a trust fund, with
revocable instructions and authority to the bank or trust company to pay. on and after such
Series C Redemption Date. the Serics C Redemption Price of the shares to their respective
holders upon the surrender of their share certificates. Any moneys deposited by the Company
pursuant to this Section B.6(a)(iii) for the redemption of shares thereafter converted into shares
of Common Stock pursuant to Section B.5 hereol no later than the fifth (Sth) day preceding the
applicable Series C Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company forthwith upon such
conversion. The balance of any funds deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section
B.6(a)(iii) remaining unclaimed at the expiration of one (1) year following such Series C
Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company promptly upon its written request.

(b) The Company shall be obligated to redeem the Series B Preferred
Stock as follows:

(i) At any time following the fifth anniversary of the Original
Series C Issuc Date and at which time there are no shares of Series C Preferred Stock
outstanding, the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred
Stock, voling together as a separate class, may require the Company. to the extent it may lawfully
do so, to redeem all of the then outstanding Series B Preferred Stock in one installment (“Series
B Redemption Date’). provided that the Company shall receive at least sixty (60) days prior to
such Series B Redemption Date written notice of such election of the Series B Preferred Stock.
The Company shall effect such redemptions on the Series B Redemption Date by paying in cash
in cxchange for the shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed on the Series B
Redemption Date a sum equal to greater of (x) the Original Series B Issue Price per share and (y)
the fair market value of the Series B Preferred Stock as of the Series B Redemption Date, as
determined by an independent. qualified, third-party appraiser mutually acceptable to the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and the Company). The total amount to

be paid for the Series B Preferred Stock is hereinatter referred to as the “Series B Redemption
Price.”

REST1\604570.4
357276-9
(ii) At least thirty (30) days but no more than sixty (60) days
prior to the Series B Redemption Datc, the Company shall send a notice (a “Series B
Redemption Notice”) to all holders of Series A Preterred Stock to be redeemed setting forth (A)
the Series B Redemption Price for the shares to he redeemed: and (B) the place at which such
holders may obtain payment of the Series B Redemption Price upon surrender of their share
ceruficates. HH the Company does not have sufficient funds legatly available to redeem all shares
to be redeemed at the Series B Redemption Date (including. if applicable. those to be redeemed
wt the apuion of the Company). then it shall so notify such holders and shall redeem such shares
pro rata (based on the portion of the aggrcgate Series B Redemption Price payable to them) to the
extent possible and shall redeem the remaining shares to be redeemed as soon us sufficient funds
are legally available.

(iii) © On or prior to the Series B Redemption Date, the Company
shall deposit the Series B Redemption Price of all shares to be redcemed with a bank or trust
company having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of $100.000,000, us a trust fund, with
irrevocable instructions and authority to the bank or trust company to pay, on and after such
Series B Redemption Date, the Series B Redemption Price of the shares to their respective
holders upon the surrender of their share certificates. Any moneys deposited by the Company
pursuant to this Section B,6(b)(iii) for the redemption of shares thereafter converted into shares
of Common Stock pursuant to Section B.5 hereof no later than the fifth (5th) day preceding the
applicable Series B Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company forthwith upon such
conversion. The balance of any funds deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section
B.6(b)(iii) remaining unclaimed at the expiration of one (1) year following such Series B
Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company promptly upon its written request.

(c) The Company shall be obligated to redeem the Series A Preferred
Stock as follows:

(i) At any time following the fifth anniversary of the Original
Serics C Issue Date and at which time there are no shares of Series C Preferred Stock or Series B
Preferred Stock outstanding, the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock. voting together as a separate class. may require the Company. to the
extent it may lawfully do so, to redeem al] of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock in
one installment (“Series A Redemption Date’), provided that the Company shall receive at least
sixty (60) days prior to such Series A Redemption Date written notice of such election of the
Series A Preferred Stock. The Company shall effect such redemptions on the Series A
Redemption Date by paying in cash in exchange for the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be
redeemed on the Series A Redemption Date a sum equal to greater of (x) the Original Series A
Issue Price per share and (y) the fair market value of the Series A Preferred Stock as of the Series
A Redemption Date, as determined by an independent, qualified. third-party appraiser mutually
acceptable to the holders of a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and the
Company). The total amount to be paid for the Series A Preferred Stock is hereinafter referred to
as the “Series A Redemption Price.”

(ii) At least thirty (30) days but no more than sixty (60) days
prior to the Series A Redemption Date, the Company shall send a notice (a “Series A
Redemption Notice’) to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed setting forth (A)

25
RESTINGO4570.4
357270-9
the Scries A Redemption Price for the shares to be redeemed: and (B) the place at which such
holders may obtain payment of the Series A Redemption Price upon surrender of their share
certificates. H the Company does not have sufficient funds legally available to redeem all shares
to be redeemed at the Series A Redemption Date (including. if applicabie. those to be redeemed
at the ophon of the Company). then it shall so noufy such holders and shall redeem such shares
pro rata Chased on the portion of the aggregate Series A Redemption Price payable to them) to the
extent possible and shall redeem the remaining shares to be redeemed us soon as sufficient funds
are legally available.

(iii) = Onor prior to the Series A Redemption Date. the Company
shall deposit the Series A Redemption Price of all shares to be redeemed with a bank or trust
company having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of $100,000,000, as a trust fund, with
irrevocable instructions and authority to the bank or trust company to pay, on and after such
Series A Redemption Date, the Series A Redemption Price of the shares to their respective
holders upon the surrender of their share certificates. Any moneys deposited by the Company
pursuant to this Section B.6(c)(iit) for the redemption of shares thereafter converted into shares
of Common Stock pursuant to Section B.5 hereof no later than the fifth (Sth) day preceding the
applicable Series A Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company forthwith upon such
conversion. The balance of any funds deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section
B.6(c)Gii) remaining unclaimed at the expiration of one (1!) year following such Scries A
Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company promptly upon its written request.

(d) On or after each such redemption date. each holder of shares of
Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender such holder's certificates representing such
shares to the Company in the manner and at the place designated in the applicable redemption
notice. and thereupon the redemption price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the
person whose name appeats on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each
surrendered certificate shall be canceled. In the event less than all the shares represented by
such certificates are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed
shares. From and after such redemption date. unless there shall have been a default in payment
of the redemption price or the Company is unable to pay the applicable redemption price due
to not having sufficient legally available funds, all rights of the holder of such shares as holder
of Preferred Stock (except the right to receive the applicable redemption price without interest
upon surrender of their certificates), shall cease and terminate with respect to such shares:
provided that in the event that shares of Preferred Stock are not redeemed due to a default in
payment by the Company or because the Company does not have sufficient legally available
funds. such shares of Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding and shall! be entitled to all of the
rights and preferences provided herein until redeemed.

(e) In the event of a call for redemption of any shares of Preferred
Stock, the Conversion Rights (as defined in Section B.5) for such Preferred Stock shall
terminate as to the shares designated for redemption at the close of business on the fifth (5th)

day preccding the applicable redemption date. unless default is made in payment of the
applicable redemption price.

RESTING04570.4
357270-9
7. No REISSUANCE OF SERIES PREFERRED.

No shares of Preferred Stock acquired by the Company by reason of redemption,
purchase. conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.

KUETER At any meeting held for the purpose of clecling a director. the presenee in
person or by proxy of the holders of a miyority of the outstanding shares of the class or series
entitled to elect such director shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of electing such director.

SIXTH:

B. The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable law.

C. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company is authorized to
provide indemnification of. and advancement of expenses to. directors, officers. employees. other
agents of the Company and any other persons to which the DGCL permits the Company to
provide indemnification,

D. Any repeal or modification of this Article Sixth shall only be prospective and shall
not affeet the rights under this Article Sixth in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

F. In the event that a member of the Board who is also a partner or emplovee of an
entity that is a holder of Preferred Stock and that is in the business of investing and reinvesting in
other entities. or an employee of an entity that manages such an entity (each, a “Fund™) acquires
knowledge of a potential transaction or other matter in such individual's capacity as u partner or
employee of the Fund or the manager or general partner of the Fund (and other than directly in
connection with such individual's service as a member of the Board) and that may be an
opportunity of interest for both the Company and such Fund (a “Corporate Opportunity”), then
the Company (1) renounces any expectancy that such director or Fund offer an opportunity to
participate in such Corporate Opportunity to the Company and (11) to the fullest extent permitted
bv law, waives any claim that such opportunity constituted a Corporate Opportunity that should
have been presented by such director or Fund to the Company or any of its affiliates; provided.
however. that such director acts in good faith.

SEVENTH: For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the
Company, and in further definition. limitation and regulation of the powers of the Company. of

its directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided
that:

F. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Company
shall be vested in its Board. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board
shall be fixed by the Board tn the manner provided in the Bylaws, subject to any restrictions
which may be sct forth in this Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

G. The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the
Bylaws of the Company. The stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal

27
RESTINGD4570.4
357276-9
the Bylaws of the Company: provided however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any
class or series of stock of the Company required by law or by this Third Amended and Restated!
Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting
power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote
generally in the election af directors. voling together as a single class. shall be required to adopt,
amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws of the Company.

If, The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

THREE: This Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the Board.

FOUR: This Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was
approved by the holders of the requisite number of shares of the Corporation in accordance with
Section 228 of the DGCL. This Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has
been duly adopted in accordance with the provistons of Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL by
the stockholders of the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, ARPU, INC. has caused this Third Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its President on and us of December 17, 2007.

ARPU, INc.

By: /s/ Edward Brody
Printed Name: Edward Brody
Title: President

REST INO04570.4
357276-9
