“O38 13:08 FAX 415 954 4400

eee een FROOR AIS 23692 dooz
a TYE ELD,

2? s uf is v2 =i _ of ce of the Secretary or.
Arie Rast atat Anite Pag dug dfs 2 32 :

Certificate of Amendment and Restatement
of Articles of Incorporation of Arrive Technologies, Inc. Cramn

_ JAN 2

“IN SHELLEY, Sec

Eric A. Brill certifies that:

A. He is the Vice President and the Assistant Secretary of Arrive Technologies, Inc.,
a California corporation.

B. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation (the “Company”) are amended
ard restated to read in full as set forth in the attachment hereto entitled “Restated Articles of
Incorporation of Arrive Technologies, Inc.,” dated January 19, 2005.

(OF This amendment and restatement of Articles of Incorporation has been duly

approved in a resolution duly adopted by the Company’s board of directors on November 10,
2004.

D. This amendment and restatement of Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the written consent of the Company’s shareholders in accordance with Section 902
of the California Corporations Code, on November 10, 2004, The total number of outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company is 9,350,225, which total includes (1) 6,554,725 shares of
Common Stock and (2) 2,795,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are presently
convertible into 2,795,500 shares of Common Stock. The number of sbares of such classes
voting in favor of the amendment exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was
more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of (1) Common
Stock; and (2) Series A Preferred Stock, counted fc: this purpose on an as-converted basis. No
shares of any other class of capital stock of the Company are outstanding.

E. The undersigned declares under penalty of perjury that the matters sct forth in the
foregoing certificate are true of his own knowledge.

Executed at San Francisco, California on January 19, 2005.

Eric A. Brill, Vice President
and Assistant Secretary

of the State of California

Ara

rassvas |

ry of Sta"
erties eReemedaOigs cleus le dpe Ne

Restated Articles of Incorporation
of
Arrive Technologies, Inc.

(January 19, 2005)
Article 1. The name of this corporation is Arrive Technologies, Inc. (the
Article 2. The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which a cor, -ration may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other
than the banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to
be incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

Article 3. For purposes 0: these Articles, “Board of Directors” shall mean the Board
of Directors of the Company.

Article 4,

(a) The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock, designated

respectively “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” All shares of stock shall have a par value
of $.001 per share.

(b) The total number of shares of Common Stock which the Company is
authorized to issues is Fifty Million (50,000,000).

(c) The total number of shares of Preferred Stock which the Company is
authorized to issue is Twenty Million (20,000,000). The Preferred Stock may be issued from
time to time jn one or more series. The Board of Directors is authorized to fix the number of
shares of any series of Preferred Stock and to determine the designation of any such series. The
Board of Directors is also authorized to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges and
restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock and,
within the limits and restrictions stated in any resoJution or resolutions of the Board of Directors
originally fixing the number of shares constituting any series, to increase or decrease (but not
below the number of shares of such series then outstanding), the number of shares of any such
series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series.
Qc UUE ES te PI EYUS PSS

Article 5.
5.1, Designation

Six Million (6,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated and known as the
“Series A Preferred Stock”. Four Million (4,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock shall be
designated and known as the “Series_B Preferred Stock”. The rights, preferences, privileges,
restrictions and other matters relating to the Series A Preferred Stock are as follows:

5.2. Dividends

(a) Holders of (A) Series A Preferred Stock and (B) Series B Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors,
out of the assets of the Company which are legally available therefor. No dividend shall be
declared or paid with respect to the Common Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock
ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock unless a dividend
shall at the same time be declared and paid with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock, respectively, on a pari passu basis, in an amount equal to the dividend
that would be payable with respect to a share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock if each were to be converted to Common Stock immediately before such dividend was
declared or paid. If any dividend shall be declared or paid with respect to any other class or
series of the Preferred Stock other than the Series A Preferred Stock ard Series B Preferred
Stock, a dividend shall at the same time be declared and paid with respect to the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock pro rata in an amount proportionate to the
respective original issuance prices of each such other class or serics.

(b) Dividends shal] not accrue or accumulate on any share of Preferred
Stock, except to the extent they are declared but unpaid. Accumulation of declared but unpaid
dividends shall bear no interest.
53. Redemption

The Company wil! have no right to redeem any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock or
the Series B Preferred Stock.
5.4. Preference on Liquidation

5.4(a) Series A Preference and Series B Preference. In the event of any
liquidation, dissolution, involuntary or voluntary corporate reorganization under the federal
bankruptcy laws or similiar state Jaws, or winding up of the Company, the holders of shares of the
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding shal) be entitled, pari
passu as between such series of Preferred Stock, to be paid out of the assets and surplus funds of
the Company available for distribution to its shareholders, and before any payment shall be made
to the holders of any shares of Common Stock, an amount per share equal to the Original Issue
Price (as defined in Section 5.5(b)) of such series of Preferred Stock, plus declared and unpaid
dividends thereon to the date fixed for distribution. ]f upon any such Uquidation, dissolution,
bankruptcy or winding up of the Company the assets and surplus funds of the Company available
for distribution to its shareholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock the full amounts to which they are entitled, the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall share ratably in the
distribution of such assets and surplus funds in proportion to the full preferential amounts to
which each such holder is otherwise entitled.

5.4(b) In the event payments provided for in subparagraph (a) above shall
have been made, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets and
surplus funds of the Company available for distribution to its shareholders One Dollar ($1.00)
per share plus declared and unpaid dividends thereon to the date fixed for the distribution. If,
after payment shall have been made pursuant tc subparagraph (a) above, the assets and surplus
funds of the Company available for distribution to its shareholders shill be insufficient to pay the
holders of Common Stock the full amounts to which they are each entitled, the holders of the
Common Stock shall share ratably in the distribution of such assets and surplus funds in

proportion to the full preferential amounts to which each such holder is otherwise ¢: °: Jed to
receive.

§.4(c) In the event payments provided for in subparagraphs (a) and (b)
above shall have been made, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred

Stock and Common Stock shall be entitled to share pro rata on a per share basis (treating each
share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock as if converted into Common
ares elds: bas da Dees 5D

Stock) in all remaining assets and surplus funds of the Company available for distribution to its
shareholders.

5.4(d) For the purposes of this Section 5.4, the merger or consolidation of
the Company into or with another corporation or other entity or any other corporate
reorganization in which the Company shall not be the continuing or surviving entity of such
consolidation, merger or reorganization, the sale of all or substantially all the assets of the
Company, or a transaction or series of related transactions by the Company in which in excess of
fifty percent (50%) of the Company’s voting power is transferred, shal] be deemed to be a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company — unless, in each case, such transaction or
series of related transactions has been approved by the holders of a majority of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting together as a
single class on an as-converted basis. If such approval has been given, such transaction or series
of related transactions shall not be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, in which event the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shal} have
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as provided in Article 5.5(f(v).

5.4(e) The Company shall have the right, without the approval of the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or the Series B Preferred Stock, to authorize and issue
shares of another series of Preferred Stock having liquidation preferences on a parity with those
applicable to the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. No series of Preferred
Stock may be granted liquidation preferences superior to those applicable to the Series A
Preferred Stock without the prior approval of the holders of a majority of the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock then outstanding. No series of Preferred Stock may be granted liquidation
preferences superior to those applicable to the Series B Preferred Stock without the prior
approval of the holders of a majority of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding.

5.3. Conversion

The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

5.5(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock and
Serics B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, without
payment of additional consideration, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the
a

office of the Company or any transfer agent for such stock, into fully-paid and ncnassessable

shares of Common Stock.

§,5(b) Conversion Price. The Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock shall be convertible into the number of shares of Common Stock which result
from dividing the Conversion Price, as hereinafter defined, in effect at the time of conversion
into the applicable Criginal Issue Price, as hertinafter defined. The “Original Issus Price” shall
mean: (i) One Dollar ($1.00) with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock; and (ii) One Dollar
and Twenty-Five Cents ($1.25) with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock. The price at which
shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock (the “Conversion Price”) shall initially be the applicable Original
Issue Price, for such series of Preferred Stock, per share of Common Stock. Such initial

Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment 2+ hereinafter provided.

§.S(c) Automatic Conversion, Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock shal] automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at
the then effective Conversion Price, in the event of (i) the closing of a firm commitment
underwritten public offering of Company Common Stock at a per share price of at least five
dollars ($5.00) and yield gross proceeds to the Company in excess of Five Million Dollars
($5,000,000), pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock (whether for the account of the
Company or for the account of one or more shareholders of the Company) to the public,
provided that the underwriter or underwriters in such public offering shall have required, as a
condition to such underwriting, that all shares of the Company’s Preferred Stock outstanding at
such time be couverted to Common Stock; or (ii) a merger, consolidation or similar business
combination involving the Company or a sale of all or substantially all of its assets.

In the event of such offering, the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shal) not be
deemed to have converted such stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of
securities (the “Offering Conversion Date”). Upon the occurrence of such an offering, the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be converted
automatically without further action by the holders of said shares and whether or uot the
certificates representing said shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent;
provided, however, the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock unless certificates evidencing such
shares are either delivered to the Company or any transfer agent as hereinafter provided, or the
holder notifies the Company that said certificate or certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company, indemnifying the Company
against any loss incurred by it in connection therewith. Upon the occurrence of the automatic
conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall surrender the certificate or
certificates representing their shares at the office of the Company or transfer agent for such
stack. The Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to such holder, at
such office and in his name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate
or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, were convertible on the
Offering Conversion Date.

§.5(d) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares
of Common Stock, he shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefore, duly endorsed, at
the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for such stock, and shall give written notice to
the Company at such office that he elects to convert the same. The Company shall, as soon as
practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to such holder, at such office and in his name as shown
on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares
of Common Stock into which such converted shares of stock were convertible on the Conversion
Date, as hereinafter defined. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock (the “Conversion Date”). The person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treaied for all

purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of the Conversion
Date.
§.5(e) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock. If
more than one share of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall be surrendered
for conversion at any one time by the same holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock so surrendered, respectively.
Instead of any fractional shares of Common Stock which would otherwise be issuable upon
conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, the Company
shall pay a cash adjustment in respect of such fractional interest in an amount equal to that
fractional interest of the then Current Market Price.

5.5(f) Conversion Price Adjustments. The Conversion Price shall be
subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Common Stock Issued at Less Than the Conversion
Price. If the Company shall issue any Common Stock other than Excluded Stock (as hereinafter
defined) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Conversjon Price in
effect immediately prior to such issuance, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to
each such issuance shall immediately (except as provided below) be reduced to the price
determined by dividing (1) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance multiplied by the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such issuance and (B) the consideration, if any, received by the

Company upon such issuance, by (2) the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such issuance.

For the purposes of any adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to clause (i), the
following provisions shall be applicable:

(A) Cash. In the case of the issuance of Common Stock
for cash, the amount of the consid. «tion received by the Company shall be deemed to be the
amount of the cash proceeds received by the Company for such Common Stock before deducting
therefrom any discounts, commissions, taxes or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the
Company for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.
Artis eRe ticd AOD 1 dees russ bt 32

(B) Consideration Othcr Than Cash. In the case of
the issuance of Common Stock (otherwise than upon the conversion of shares of capital stock or
other securities of the Company) for a consideration in whole or in part other than cash,
including securities acquired in exchange therefor (other than securities by theic terms so
exchangeable), the consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair value thereof as
determined by the Board of Directors, irrespective of any accounting treatment; provided that
such fair value as determined by the Board of Directors shall not exceed the aggregate Current
Market Price of the shares of Common Stock being issued as of the date the Board of Directors
authorizes the issuance of such shares.

(C) Options and Convertible Securities. Jn the case of
the issuance of (i) options, warrants or other rights to purchase or acquire Common Stock
(whether or not at the time exercisable), (ii) securities by their terms convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock (whether or not at the time so convertible or exchangeable) or
options, warrants or rights to purchase such convertible or exchangeable securities (whether or
not at the time exercisable):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options, warrants or other rights to purchase
or acquire Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options, warrants
or tights were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the
manner provided in subclauses (A) and (B) above), if any, received by the Company upon the
issuance of such options, warrants or rights plus the minimum purchase price provided in such
options, warrants or rights for the Common Stock covered thereby;

(2) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliveruble upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or
exchangeable securities, or upon the exercise of options, warrants or other rights to purchase or
acquire such convertible or exchangeable securities and the subsequent conversion or exchange
thereof, shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such
options, warrants or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any,
received by the Company for any such securities and related options, warrants or rights
(excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the
additional consideration (determined in the manner provided in subclauses (A) and (B) above), if
any, to be received by the Company upon the conversion or exchange of such securities, or upon
the exercise of any related options, warrants or rights to purchase or acquire such convertible or

exchangeable securities and the subsequent conversion or exchange thereof;

(3) On any change in the number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of any such options, warrants or rights or conversion
or exchange of such convertible or exchangeable securities or any change in the consideration to
be received by the Company upon such exercise, conversion or exchange, including, but not
limited to, a change resulting from the anti-dilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price as
then in effect shall forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have been
obtained had an adjustment been made upon the issuance of such options, warrants or rights not
exercised prior to such change, or of such convertible or exchangeable securities not converted
or exchanged prior to such change, upon the basis of such change;

(4) On the expiration or cancellation of any such
optiuns, warrants or rights, or the termination of the right to convert or exchange such
convertible or exchangeable securities, if the Conversion Price shall have been adjusted upon the
issuance thereof, the Conversion Price shall forthwith be readjusted to such Conversion Price as
would have been obtained had an adjustment been made upon the issuance of such options,
warrants, rights or such convertible or exchangeable securities on the basis of the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such options,
warrants or rights, or upon the conversion or exchange of such convertible or exchangeable
securities; and

(5) If the Conversion Price shall have been
adjusted upon the issuance of any such options, warrants, rights or convertible or exchangeable
securities, no further adjusument of the Conversion Price shall be made for the actual issuance of
Common Stock upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof; (provided, however, that no

increase in the Conversion Price shall be made pursuant to subclauses (1) and (2) of this
subclause (C)).

(ii) Excluded Stock. “Excluded Stock” shall mean (A) shares
of Common Stock issued or reserved for issuance by the Company as a stock dividend payable in
shares of Common Stock, or upon any subdivision or split-up of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, or upon conversion of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock; (B) shares of capital stock issued
for compensation purposes to employees, consultants, officers or directors of the Company,
whether directly or pursuant to stock options or restricted stock plans approved by the Board of
Directors, together with any such shares that are repurchased by the Company and reissued to
any such employee, consultant. officer or director; (C) Company securities issued in connection
with an acquisition, merger, consulidation, reorganization or similar transaction to which either
(i) the Company is a party, or (ii) a majority of the Company's then-outstanding capital stock or
assets is subject; (D) Company securities issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection
with commercial credit arrangements, equipment financings or similar transactions approved by
the Board of Directors; (E) Company securities issued pursuant to options, warrants or other
rights to acquire securities of the Company that are outstanding as of the date of the filing of this
amendment; (F) Company securities issued after the date of filing of this amendment pursuant to
warrants which (x) are outstanding on such filing date, or (y) may become issuable after such
filing date pursuant to contractual obligations of the Company in effect on such filing date; and
(G) Company securities issued to a corporation or other entity designated by the Board of
Directors as a “strategic partner” by the Company, provided that such designation has been
approved by any person whose approval is required, under any agreement to which the Company
is a party as of the date of the filing of this amendment, as a condition to the classification of
such securities as Excluded Securities. All shares of Excluded Stock which the Company has
reserved for issuance suall be deemed to be outstanding for all purposes of computations under
su “ph 5.5(f)(i),

(iii) Stock Dividends, Subdivisions, Reclassifications or
Combinatious. If the Company shall (i) declare a dividend or make a distribution on its
Common Stock in shares of its Common Stock, (ii) subdivide or reclassify the outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, or (iii) combine or reclassify the outstanding
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect at the time of the
record date for such dividend or distribution or the effective date of such subdivision,
combination or reclassification shall be proportionately adjusted so that the holder of any shares
of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion after such

10
date shall be entitled to receive the number of shares of Common Stock which he would have
owned or been entitled to receive had sucl Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock
been converted immediately prior to such date. Successive adiustments in the Conversion Price

shall be made whenever any event specified shove shall occur.

(iv) Other Distributions. In case the Company shall fix a
record date for the making of a distribution to all holders of shares of its Common Stock (i) of
shares of any class other than its Common Stock or (ii) of evidence of indebtedness of the
Company or any Subsidiary or (iii) of assets (exciuding cash dividends or distributions, and
dividends of distributions referred to in subparagraph 5.5(f)(iii) above, cr (iv) of rights or
warrants (excluding those referred to in subparagraph 5.5(f){i) above), in each such case the
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior thereto shall be reduced immediately thereafter to
the price determined by dividing (1) an amount equal to the difference resulting from (A) the
number or shares of Common Stock outstanding on such record date multiplied by the
Conversion Price per share on such record date, less (B) the fair market value (as determined by
the Board of Directors, whose determination shall be conclusive) cf said shares or evidences of
indcbtedness or assets or rights or warrants to be so distributed, by (2) the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding on such record date. Such adjustment shall be made successively
whenever such a record date is fixed. In the event that such distribution is not so made, the
Conversion Price then in effect shall be readjusted, effective as of the date when the Board of
Directors determines not to distribute such shares, evidence of indebtedness, assets, rights or

warrants, as the case may be, to the Conversion Price which would then be in effect if such
record date had not been fixed.

(v) Consolidation, Merger, Sale, Lease or Conveyence.
Except as provided in Article 5.4(d), in case of any consolidation with or merger of the Company
with or into another corporation, or in case of any sale, lease or conveyance to another
corporation of the assets of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety, cach share
of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall after the date of such
consolidation, merger, sale, lease or ‘conveyance be convertible into the number of shares of
stock or other securities or property (including cash) to which the Common Stock issuable (at the

time of such consolidation, merger, sale, lease or conveyance) upon conversion of such share of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such
consolidation, merger, sale, lease or conveyance; and in any such case, if necessary, the
provisions set forth herein with respect to the rights and interests thereafter of the holders of the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be appropriately adjusted
so as to be applicable, as nearly as may reasonably be, to any shares of stock or other serurities
or property thereafter deliverable on the conversion of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock.

(vi) Rounding of Calculations; Minimum Adjustment. All
calculations under this subparagraph (f) shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest one
hundredth (1/100th) of a share, as the case may be. Any provision of this section 5.5 to the
contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be made if the amount of
such adjustment would be less than $0.005, but any such amount shall be carried forward and an
adjustment with respect thereto shall be made at the time of and together with any subsequent
adjustment which, together with such amount and any other amount or amounts so carried

forward, shall aggregate $0.005 or more.

(vii) Timing of Issuance of Additional Common Stock Upon
Certain Adjustments. [n any case in which the provisions of this subparagraph (f) shall require
that an adjustment shall become effective immediately after a record date for an event, the
Company may defer until the occurrence of such event (A) issuing to the holder of any share of
Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock converted after such record date and before
the occurrence of such event the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion by reason of the adjustment required by such event over and above the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion before giving effect to such adjustment and (B)
paying to such holder any amount of cash in lieu of a fractional share of Common Stock pursuant
to subparagraph (e) of this section 5.5; provided that the Company upon request shall deliver to
such holder a due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's right to receive
such additional shares, and such cash, upon the occurrence of the event requiring such
adjustment.
$.5(g) Current Market Price. The Current Market Price at any date shall
mean, in the event the Common Stock is publicly traded, the average of the daily closing prices

12
per share of ‘Common Stock for thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending no mor: than fifteen
(15) business days before such date (as adjusted for any stock dividend, spiit, combination or
reclassification that took etfect during such thirty (30) business day period). The closing price for
cach day shall be the last reported sale price regular way or, in case no such reported sale takes
place on such day, the average of the last closing bid and asked prices regular way, in either case
on the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to
trading, or if not listed or admitted to trading on any nativnal securities exchange, the closing
sale price for such day reported by NASDAQ, if the Common Stock is traded over-the-counter
and quoted in the National Market System, or if the Common Stock is so traded, but not so
quoted, the average of the closing reported bid and asked prices of the Common Stock as
reported by NASDAQ or any comparable system or, if the Common Stock is not listed on
NASDAQ or any comparable system, the average of the losing bid and asked prices as furnished
by two members of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. selected from time to
time by the Company for that purpose. If the Common Stock is not traded in such manner that
the quotations referred to above are available for the period required hereunder, Current Market
Price per share of Common Stock shail be deemed to be the fair value as determined by the

Board of Directors, irrespective of any accounting treatment.

§.5(h) Statement Regarding Adjustments. Whenever the Conversion
Price shall be adjusted as provided in subparagraph 5.5(f), the Company shall forthwith file, at
the office of any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock at
the principal office of the Company, a statement showing in detail the facts requiring such
adjustment and the Conversion Price that shall be in effect after such adjustment, and the
Company shall also cause a copy of such statement to be sent by mail, first class postage prepaid,
to cach holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock at its address
appearing on the Company's records. Each such statement shall be signed by the Company’s
independent public accountants, if applicable. Where appropriate, such copy may be given in
advance and may be included as part of a notice required to be mailed under the provisions of
subparagraph 5.5(i).

5.5(f) Notice to Holders. In the event the Company shall prapose to take
any action of the type described in clause (i) (but only if the action of the type described in

13
clause (i) would result in an adjustment in the Conversion Price), (iii), (iv), or (v) of
subparagraph 5.5(f), the Company shall give notice to each holder of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, in the manner set forth in subparagraph 5.5(h),
which notice shal} specify the record date, if any, with respect to any such action and the
approximate date on which such action is to take place. Such notice sha! also set forth such facts
with -espect thereto as shall be reasonably necessary to indicate the effect of such action (to the
extent such effect may be known at the date of such notice) on the Conversion Price and the
number, kind or class of shares or other securities or property which shal] be deliverable upon
conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. In the case of any
action which would require the fixing of a record date, such notice shall be given at least ten (10)
days prior to the date so fixed, and in case of all other action, such notice shall be given at least
fifteen (15) days prior to the taking of such prcposed action. Failure to give such notice, or any
defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of any such action.

$.5(i) Treasury Stock. For the purposes of this section 5.5, the sale or
other disposition of Cormmon Stock theretofore held in the Company’s treasury shall be deemed
to be an issuance thereof.

$.%) Costs. The Company shall pay all documentary, stamp, transfer or
other transactional taxes attributable to the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon
conversion of any shares of Series A Preft ted Stock and Series B Preferred Stock; provided that
the Company shall not be required to pay any taxes which may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of any certificate for such shares in a naroe other
than that of the holder of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock in
respect of which such shares are being issued.

5.5(1) Reservation of Shares. The Company shall reserve at all times so
long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
free from preemptive rights, out of its treasury stock (if applicablz) or its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock, or both, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares
of Series A Precerred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, sufficient shares of Common Stock to

provide for the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock.

14
5,5(m) Approvals. If any shares of Common Stuck to be reserved for the
purpose of conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock require
registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federa! or state law before
such shares may be validly issued or delivered upon conversion, then tue Company will in good
faith and as expeditiously as possible endeavor to secure such registration or approval, as the
case may be. If, and so long as, any Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock are then convertible ic listed on any national securities
exchange, the Company will, if permitted by the rules of such exchange, list and keep listed on

such exchange, upon official notice of issuance, all shares of such Common Stock issuable upon
conversion.

5.5(n) Valid Issuance. All shares of Common Stock which may be issued
upon conversion of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock wil) upon
issuance by the Company be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from
all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof, and the Company shall take no
action which will cause a contrary result.

5.6. Voting Rights

Except as specifically nrovided in these Ar‘icles of Incorporation or required by law, the
holder of each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall have only the
right to one vote for each share of Common Stock into which such share of Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock could then be converted (with any fractional share
determined on an aggregate conversion basis being rounded to the nearest whole share), and with
respect to such vote, such holder shall have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting
rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock, and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any
provision hereof, to notice ot any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the
Company, and shall be entitled to vote, together with holders of Common Stock, with respect to
any question upun which holders of Common Stock have the right to vote.

Article 6. The liability of the directors of the corporation for monetary damages shall
be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law. The corporation is
authorized to provide indemnification of its agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California
General Corporation Law) for breach of their duty to the corporation und its sharoholdezs

1S
through bylaw provisions, agreements with the agents, votes of shareholders or disinterested
directors, or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317,
subject only to the limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the
California General Corporation Law with respect to claims for breach of duty to the corporation
or its shareholders. The corporation is further authorized to provide insurance for its agents as
provided in Section 317(i) of the California General Corporation Law, provided that, in cases
where the corporation owns all or a portion of the shares of the company issuing the insurance
policy, the company and/or the policy must satisfy the conditions set forth in subsection (1) or
(2) of Section 317(i), as amended.

Article 7, Any repeal or modification of the preceding Article by the shareholders of
the Company shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Company
existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

16
