AQ62001%

’ ENDORSED - FILED.
f State

2 | inthe Chie Sta of Calforia
AMENDED AND RESTATED MAR 1 6 2005
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
og ae
ALLPOSTERS.COM, INC. :

The undersigned, Michael Heinstein and Chris Burns certify that:

1. They are the duly elected President and Secrstary, respectively, of
Allposters.com, Inc., 0 Califomia corporation.

2. Te Ae of cmb of th sxpenon ened rei
in full as follows;

“I.

The name of this corporation: is Allposters.com, Inc. (the “Corporation” or the
“Company”).

IL

The purpose of this Corporition is to engage in eny lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corpomtion Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

mL

A, This Corpomton is auborized to fame two sluses of eeck'to be designate
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock,” The total number of shares which the
is authorized to issuc #3 142,500,000 sharcs, 110,000,000 shares of which hall be Common Stock (the
“Common Stock”), and 32,500,000 shares of which shall be Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock”),

The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share, and the Common Stock shall have 2 par
value of $0.001 per share.

C. The undesignated Prefisred Stock fe may bp issued from time to time in one.or more

D. 16,000,000 of the wuthorized shares of Prefemed Stock aré hereby designated
“Series A Preferred Stock” (the “Series A Preferred”).

E. — 16,500,000 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are heechy designated
“Series A-] Preferred Stock” (the “Series A-1 Preferred")

a
F. The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the

’ Series A and Series A-1 Preferred. Stock are as follows:

1. DIVDEND Rucins.

(a) Holders of shares of Series A Preferred and Series A-1 Preferred,
prior and in preference to the holders of any other capital stock of the Company (“Junior
Stock”), shall be entitled to receive, when, as und if declared by fhe Board of Directors, but only

' out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rete of 8% of the Series A

Original Isspe Prive (as defined below) or Series A-1 Original Issue Price (as defined below), as
applicable, per annum an each outstanding share of Series A Preferred or Series A~1 Preferred (as
appropriately adjusted for Recapitatizations (as defined below)). The Original Issuc Price of the
Series A Preferred shall be $1.816 (the “Series A Original Issue Price”) and the Original Issue

' Price of the Series A-1 Preferred shall the $1.677 (the “Serfes A-1 Original Issue Price”). The

tight to receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock shall not be cumulative, and no right to

' such dividends shall accruc tb a holder of Preferred Stock by reason ofthe fact that dividends on

said shares are not declared or paid in any calendar year. The term “Recapitalfzation” shall
mean, with respect te 4 particular seties or class of capital stock of the Corporation, any stock
dividends, splits, distributions, subdivisions, combinations, reverse stock splits, teclassifications,

. Feeapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares of such series or class of the

Corporation’s capital stock, in each case, effective after the date hereof.

(>) So long as any shares of Series A Preferred or Series A-1 Preferred
shail be ¢ no dividend, wheflier in cash or property, shall be paid or declared, nor shall
any other Gisttbutitn bs uate, Ga ay Fockee Stock cay al ony dave of nay bank Bio ot
the Company be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for value by the Company (except
for repurchases of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or
other persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements
approved by the Company’s Board of Directors under which the Corporation bas the option tp
repurchase such shares at cost upon the occurrence of certain cvents, such as the termination of

eeuploymeat or services or through the exercise of any right of first refiasal) until all dividends

{set forth in Section 1(a) above) on the Series. A Preferred or Secies A-1 Preferred shall have been
paid or declared and set apart. In the event dividends are paid on any share of Junior Stock, an
additional dividend shall be paid with respect to all optstanding shares of Series A Preferred and -

‘Sexies A-1 Preferred in an smonnt equal per share (on an as-if-converted to Common Stock

basis) to the amount paid or set eside for each share of Junior Stock. The provisions of this

. Section 1(b) shall not, however, apply to any repurchase of any outstanding secutities of the

Company that is approyed by the Company's Boand of Directors.

2. VOTING RIGHTS.

(a) General Rights, Except as otherwise provided herein or as
required by law, the Preferred Stock khall vote together with the Common Stock at any aunual or
special meeting of the shareholders and not.as a separate class, and may act by written consentin

2.

&
the same manner as the Common Stock, in either case upon the following basis: ‘each holder of
shares of Preferred Stock shall’be entitled to such number of votes as shall be equal to the whole
number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder's aggregate number of shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible (pursuant to Section 4 hereof) immediately after the close of
‘business on the record date fixed for such meeting or such written consent and shall have voting
Tights aad powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the Common Stock and shall be
entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Company.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted, and any fractional yoting rights on an as-
converted basis (after aggregating all| shares into which shares of Prefered Stock held by each
holder could be converted), hall be rounded to the nearest whole mumber (with one-half being
rounded upward). ;

(b) Election of Board of Directors. The holders of Series A
Preferred, voting as a separate series, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Company's
Board of Directors at cach meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s shareholders
for the election of directors, and to remove from office such director and to fill ‘any vacancy
caused by the resignation, death or removal of such ditector. ‘The holders of Series A-1
Preferred, voting as a separate series, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Company’s
Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to cath consent of the Company’s shareholders
for the election of directore, and to remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy
_ caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director. The holders of Common Stock,
Voting together as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two menibers of the Company's
Board of Directors at each meeting or pursnant to each consent of the Company’s shareholders
for the election of directors, and te temove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy
causefi by the resignation, death or removal of such directors, The holders of Common, Stock
| abd Preferred Stock, voting together’as if a single class and on an 9s-if-converted-to-Common-
Stock basis, shall be entitled to elect all remaining members of the Boand of Directors at ¢ach
meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s shareholders for the election of directors,

. Be eae oe cram sauce Sach Hirecore and to fll any vacancy caused by the resignation, death
orreaioval of such directors.

(c) Removal. The Board of Directors or any individual director may
be removed from office at any time without cause by fhe affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on such removal: provided. however,
that unless the entire Board fs removed, no individual director-may be removed when the votes
cast against such dirpctor’s removal, or not consenting in wuiting to sch removal, would ‘be
fufficient to elect that director if voted cumulatively at an: election ia which the same total
number of votes ‘were cast (or, if such action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to

vote were voted) and the entire mumaber of directors authorized at the time of such director's most
. tecent election were then being elected,

(d) Protective Provisions. The Conperation shall not (by amendment,
merger, consolidation, reclassification er otherwise), without first obtaining the approval (by
Vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the

then outstanding shares of Preferred ‘Stock, voting together as a single class on the basis of one
vote for each share of Preferred Stoclk take any action that: .
«Shee
~

of such series of Preferred Btcces

, () increases or decreases the authorized number of shares of.
Common Stock or Preferred Stock,

(ii) fesults in the payment or declaration of any dividend (other

than in Common Stock) on any shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the redemption,

purchase or other acquisition (or payment into or the setting aside of funds-for a sinking fund for
such purpose) of any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock; provided, however,
that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from
employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the
Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements approved by the Company’s Board of
Directors under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at cost upon the
occurrence of certain events, such agithe termination of employment or services or through the
exercise of any contractual right of first refusal, and provided further, that the holders of
Preferred Stock expressly waive theirirights, if any, as described in California Code Sections 502

consultant Odea at OF shar upon feamination, af employment or service asa )
consultant or director.

(jit) fein ay Acguion Ast Tan ch tm
defined in ection 303) berets)

Wy) pends any provision of the Company's Amended and
Restate Articles of Inoorpontono Bylaws,

- . nce o dorset thrid sf he Compan’
Board of Directors; or

(vf) results in any Liquidation Bvent (as defined below).

. In addition, the Corporation shail not {by amendment, merger, consolidation, reclassification or

otherwise), without first obtaining th approval (by vote or atten consent, as provided by law)
of the holders of at least a majority shares of & piven series of Preferred
Stok, voting sa ingle lat onthe bai of one voto fr na dae if ach ero of Prefer
Btock, take any action that: :

alters or waives any of the rights, preferences or privileges

. (i increases or decreases the number of authorized shares of
such series of Preferred Stock, _

_ {i8) would result in the issuance of additional sh shares of such
series of Preferred Stock; or ,

(iv) suthotizes, creates or issusé or obligates itself to issue, any
other debt of equity security, inclnding any other security convertible into or exercisable for any
4,

i

i
‘ .

. .

:
~— distribuii

“under this Section 3:

equity security, having a preference over, or being on @ parity with, said series of Preferred Stock
with respect to dividends, redemption, conversion, liquidation or otherwise.

3. ) LIQUIDATION RIGHTS,

(a) Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding wp of the Company {a

“Liquidation Event”), whether voluntary or involuntary, prior and in preference to any
on or payment of any of the!assets of the Corpotation or proceedsof such Liquidation —

Event (as applicable) to the holders of my Junior Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the
holders of Preferred Stock shall. be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company an
amount per ghare of Preferred Stock; equal to the greater of ()) the proceeds they would have
received had their Preferred Steck ‘converted to Common Stock immediately prior to the
Liquidation Eveat or (ii) fn the ease of Series A Prefered, the Seaies A Original Issue Prico (as
appropriately adjusted for Recapitalizations), plus all declared and nnpaid dividends on the
Series A Preferred, for cach share of Series A Preferred held try them, und, in the case of Series
A-| Preferred, the Series A-1 Original Issue Price (as appropriately adjusted for
‘Retapitalizations), plus all declared and unpaid dividends on the Series A-i Preferred, for each
share of Senes A-1 Preferred held by them. If, upon any such liquidation, distribution, or
winding up, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to make payment in full tb all holders
of Series'A Preferred and Series A-1;Preferred of the liquidation preferences set forth in clause
(ii) abeve, thea, sabject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock that may from time to the
come into existence, such assets xhall be distributed emong fhe holders of Series A Preferred and
Series A-1 Preferred at the timp outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full emounts to which.

they would otherwise be respectively entitled.

(b) The following events shall be deemed to be a Liquidation Event

@ the closing of any consalidation or merger of the Company
with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate
reorganization, in which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such ©

. consolidation, merger or rentganization own less than 50% of the voting power ot equity interest

in the Company immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization, or any
transaction or sorics of related transattions to which the Company is 4 party in which more than

.. 50% of the voting power or equity interest in the Company is transferred, excluding (A) any

consolidation or merger effected exclusively to change the domicile of the Company and (8) any
transaction or series of transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which

cash is received by the Company or any successor or indebtedness of the Company is cancelled
or converted or a combination thereof (gn “Acqnisition”); or

(ii) the closing of a sale, lease or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company (an “Asset Transfer”).

(iif) tn any of such events, if the consideration received by the -

’ Corporation or the proceeds to be disrbted to bodes of shares of te Company § capital stock

similar restrictions on free matketabitk

* (as applicable) is other than cash, its value will be deemed {ts fair market value as determined in

good faith by the Board of Directors, Any securities shall be valned as follows:

i) Securities not subject to investment leer or other

(1) if trided on a securities exchange or through
tthe Nasdaq Stock: Market, the value hall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of

the securities on such quotation systein over the 20-tmding day period ending three trading days
prior to the closing of the Liquidation Rvent;

| @) if actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over

fhe 20-trading day period ending three trading days pripr to the closing of the Liquidation Event;
and

(3) if there is no active public market, the value
stall be the fir mae vale thereof, determined in good faith by the Boand of Directors.

iB) The method of vatustion of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions!on free: Ca oer aftlicis) aball be to teste 20
by virtue of a sharcholder’s status !as mm affiliate) shall be to make an
sorption fom th mare yale determined as borin (A) (0), (2) 9) te
the approximate fair market vatue thereof, as determined by the Board of

ic) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the consideration
received by the Corporation or thd proceeds to be distributed to holders of shares of the

Corporation’s capital stock is othet than cash, and the definitive merger agreement, asset

purchase agreement or other definitive transaction document entered into with respect to such

Liquidation Event specifies an alternative method of determining the value of such consideration
ox ptocceds, then, for the purpose iof this Section 3(b), the value of such consideration or
proceeds shall be determined in acconance with the method set forth in such merger agreement,
asset purchase agreament or other definitive transaction document, as applicable.

(iv): Notice of Transaction, Upon (i) any taking by the » Company
of 2 record of the holders of any class of scimrtie for the purpose of

thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) any Aeaeisition or

_ other capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification of recapitalization of the capital

stock of the Company, any mergerior consolidation of the Company with or into any other
corporation, any Asset Transfer or any Liquidation Event, the Company shall mail to each holder
of Preferred Stock at least ten daysiprior to the record date specified therein (or such shorter
period approved by at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
voting as a single class and on an as-vonverted basis) a notice specifying (A) the date on which
any such record is to be taken for thé purpose of such dividend or distribution and a description
of such dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition, reorganization,

reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer or Liquidation Bvent is expected
6,
to become effective, and (C) the date,|if amy, that is to be fixed as to-when the holders of record
of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common,
Stock (or other securities) for ities or other property deliverable upon such Acquisition, |
reorganization, reclassification, » consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer or Liquidation

(v) Effect of Noncomptiance, In the event the requirements of

_ this Section 3(0) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either eause the closing
_ of the Liquidation Event to be postponed until snch requirements have been complied with, or

cancel such transaction, in which event the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of the
Series A Preferred shall revert to and be the same as such ‘rights, preferences and privileges
existing immediately prior to the date of the notice referred to in Section 3(b)iv) hereof.

4. CONVERSION Racers,

, The bolders of Prefered! Stock shall have the following rights with respect
to the conversion of the Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion

- Rights’):

(a). Right to Convert. Hach share of Series A Preferred shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date ef issuance of such

- ‘share at the office of the Corporation! or any transfer apent for the Series A Preferred, into that

‘nhumbex of fully paid, nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Series
A Original Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price, determined as hereafter provided, in.
effect on the date the certificate isi surrendered for conversion. The number of shares of
Common Stock into which each shate of Series A Preferred may be converted is hereinafter

- referred to as the “Series A Conversion Rate;” The initial conversion price per share of
. Series A Preferred (the “Series A Conversion Price”) shall be equal to the Series A Original

Issue Price. Upon any decrease ot jincrease in the Series A Conversion Price, the Series A
Conversion Rate shail be uppropriately increased or decreased. Hach share of Series A-l
Preferred shall be convertible, at the ‘option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of
issuance of such share at the office df the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Series A-1
Preferred, into that number of fully ptid, nonassessable shares of Common Stock deterinined by

dividing the Series A-1 Original Issue Price by the Series A-1 Conversion Price, determined as

hereafter provided, in effect on the! date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The

' wumber of shares of Common Stock into whith each ehare of Series A-1 Preferred may be’

converted is hereinafter referred to asthe “Series A-1 Conversion Rate.” The initial conversion
Ptice per share of Series A-1 Preferred {the “Series A-1 Conyersion Price”) shall be equal to the
Series A-1 Original Issue Price, Uppn any dectease or intrease in the Series A-1 Conversion
Price, the Series A-1 Conversion Rate shall be appropriately increased or decreased, .

(b) . Automatic Conversion, 7

. @ Bach share of Series A Prefered shall automatically be
fonverted into fully paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock, at the then-effective Series A

Conversion Rate, and each share of Series A-1 Preferred shall automatically be converted into

i #

fully paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock, at the then-effective Series A-1 Conversion
Rate, (A) upon the receipt by the Corporation of a written request for such conversion from the
holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the Preferred Stock then outstanding, or, if later, the
effective date for conversion specified in such requests, or (B) immediately prior to the closing
of a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement ymder the
Securitics Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the
account of the Company which results in aggregate gross proceeds fo the Company of at feast
$30,000,000 (a “Qualified Public Oftering’)

113) {Upon the pcrurente of cither of the events specified in
Section 4(b\(i) above, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically
without any farther action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
Tepresenting suth.shares are sutrendered to the’ Company or its transfer agent; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of °
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of
Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or
the holder notifies the Company or ifs transfer agent that such cerfificates have been lost, stolen
or destroyed and executes an agreemént reasonably satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the
Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence
of such antomatic conversion of the. Preferred Stock, the holders thereof shall surrender the
cextificates representing such shares 'at the office of the Company or airy transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to each such holder promptly at
such office and in its name-as shows on such surrendered. certificate or certificates, a certificate
ot cextificates fot the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred
Stock surrendered were convertible on the date on which such sutomatic conversion occurred,

and SEA mn Gividends call be paid i aseordance with fhe provisions of
Section 4(e).

{c) Mectvantes of Conyersion. Each holder of Preferred. Stock who
desires 40 convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4 shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the principal porporate office of
the Company or any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall give written
notice to the Company at such office that such holder elects to convert the same and shall state
therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock aré

. tw be issued, Such notice shall staté the number of shares of Preferred. Stock being converted.

the Company shall promptly issue and deliver at such office to such holder of
Preforred Stock, or to the nominee ot nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in
cash or, at the option of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the then outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock's fair market value determined by -
the Board of Directors ps of the date of such conversion), any declared and unpaid dividends on
the shares of Preferred Stock being converted and (ii) in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair
roarket value determined by the Board of Dixectors as of the date of ponversion) the value-of any
fractional shate of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any bolder of Preferred Stock, Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been mate at the close of business on the date of such

&.

Be
rurender of the certificates roprecenting the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the
person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion

Hull be treated for ll prrpooes as Qt rerat holier er holder of paca hanes of Chenmon Bnok .
on such date.

(a) Teuance of Additional Stock Below the Applicable Conversion

a) Eo Company all iu o arf or ded by
the expres provision ofthis Seaton 4() to have asad or sold,aer to date pon wich any
shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock are first issued (the “Purchese Date”) any Additional Stock
(as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series A
Conversion Price and/or Series A-1 Conversion Price in effet immediately prior to the issnance
of such Additional Stock (other then pursuant to Section 4(c)), the Series A Conversion Price
and/or Series A-1 Conversion Price, as ‘applicable, in effect immediately prior to each such
issuance shall forfhwith (excent as otherwise provided in this clause (i) be adjusted to a price
determined by multiplying such Series A Conversion Price and/or Series A-1 Conversion Price
by a fraction, (x) the numerator of'which shall be the number of hares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (including shares of Common Stock deemed to
be issued pursuant to subsection 4(d)(iXEX(1) of (2)) plus the number of shares of Common
Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would
purchase at euch then-pxisting Series A Conversion Price or Series A-1 Conversion Price; as

_ applicable; and (y) the denominator!of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately

prior to suth issuance (including shares of Common Stock deemed. to
be issued pursuant to subsection HOEY or (2) pins the number of shares of Bach
Additional Stock.

'® -No adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price or
Series A-1 Conversion Price shail be made in.an amount less than one cent per share, provided fhat

any adjustments that are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall he carried

forward and shall-be either taken info account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to three

. years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being caried forward, or shall bo

made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being
camied forward. Except to the litaited extent provided for in’ subsections 4(d)(iKE)3) and
A(dXiKEX4), no adjustment of such Series A Conversion Price and/or Series A-l Conversion Price
pursuant’ to this subsection 4(Q)() ghall have the effect of increasing the Series A Conversion.
Price above the Beries A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment or of

inereaking the Series A-1 conveseion Price above the Series At Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such adj

) oO Jn the case of the issuance of Common Stock for
cash, the consideration shell be deemed tobe the nmount of cash paid there before dednctng
any reasonable discounts, rormmissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the

Corporation for any underwriting of otherwise in comigetion with thei issuance and sale thereof.
w In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for a’
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration ofher than cash shall be
Reesed 9 be the fair value thereof a detsemined by dhe Board of Ditustorsiresposive of any

. accounting treatmeat.

te) sa the cave of th» issuance (whether befoce, on or
after the Purchase Date) of options to purchase or tights to stibscribe for Common Stock,
securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to
purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following

Provisions shall aeply fo for all purposes of this subsection 4(d):

. (1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upo exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
exercissbility, including without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into soconnt
potential antidilution adjustments) ofisnch options to purchase or tights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued af the time such-options or rights were issued and for
a consideration equal to the considération (detexmined in the manner provided in subsections
AGINC) and 4(DGXD)), if any, received by the Corporation upon the issuance of such options

or rights plus the minimum exercise price provided in sach options or rights (without taking into

account potential antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered thereby.

| @) The aggregate maxinmm number of gharcs
of Common Stock deliverable npon loonversion of, or in ‘exchange (assuming the satisfaction of -

any conditions to convertibility or luding without limitation, the passage of

' Sime, but without taking into account potential antidiution adjustments) for, any such convertible

ot exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or tights to subsotibe for
such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof, shall
be deemed to have been issued at ttle time such securities were issued or such options or rights
were jasued and for a eonsiferation equal to tho consideration, if any, received by the:
Cotporution for any such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on
any, to be received by the Corporation (without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related

or rights (the consideratiog| in each case to be determined in the manner provided in
subsections 4(4)(iC) and AKG KP), ;

(3) I the event of any change in the mumber of

" shares of Common Stock deliverable ox in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon

exercise of such options or rights ot upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or.
exchangeable securities (unless such options or rights or convertible or exchangeable securities
were ‘merely deemed to be included in the numerator and denominator for purposes of
determining the number of shares ‘of Common Steck outstanding for purposes of subsection ~
A{GXi(A)), the Series A Conversion Price and/or Series A-1 Conversion Price, to the extent in

any way affected by ot computed using such options, rights or securities, shall be recomputed tp

teflect such change, but no further ‘djustment shali be made for the actual issuance of Common -

10.

! a
Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or
the conversion or exchange of such seeurities.

(4) Upon the expiration of any such options or
rights, the termination of any such tights to convert of exchange or the expiration of any options
or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securifies, the Series A Couvetsion Price
and/or Series A-1. Conversion Price, to the extent i in any way affected by or computed using such
options, rights or securities or options or rights related to such securities (unless such options or
rights wert merely deemed to be in¢huded in the mumerstor and denominator for purposes of

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding for purposes of subsection

KOGKAD) shall be recomputed to réflect the issuance of only the autuber of shares of Common.

pock (and ble or exchangeable securities that remain in effect) actually issued upon the

ores of such options or rights, upon the conversion er exchange of such securities or upon the
exerciae of the options or rights related to such securities.

; 5) . Thé oumber of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to subsections 4(d)(i)(B\(1)
and 4(d)G\E)(2) shat] be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration
of the type described in either subsection BOE) or MODENA.

{ii) IFor the. purposes of this Section A(€), “Additional Stock”
shall mat any shares of Connon Stook Benen fo etal fe have Woon deed pana i

| avheoction KSVGKE)) By toe Conportfian nfs the Puschase Date other tae

(A) ‘Common Stock issued pursuant to a transaction
described in subsection A(e) hereof |

'®) ‘Common Stock andlor eptions, warrants or other

Commo Stock purchase rights isnjed to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or

adyisors to, the Company or any subsidiary pursnant to stock purchase or stock option plans or -
ofher incentive or pompensatory arrangements that atp approved by the Board of Directors;

(C) Capital stock, or options or warrants to purchase

_ capital stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit

arrangements, ‘equipment i commercial property lease transactions or similar
transactions, the principal purpasé of which is other than primarily equity financing, provided, in
each case, thet such issuance is approved by the Boars of Directors of the Corporation;

:@) Shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock

issuable upon exercise of options or warants outstanding as of the date of filing of these
Amended and Restated Articles of Ineoxpoeation;

Capital stock, or warrants or options to purchase
capital stock, issued in connection With bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar transactions,
the terms of which are approved by te Board of Directors of the Corporation; _

1.

- b:
(F) Shares of Common Spek ie o inate apn
conversion of the Series A Preferred or Series A-1 Preferred;

(G) Shares of Common Stock issped or deemed issued

"pursuant to subsection 4(d\(i)(B) as a result of a decrease in the Series A Conversion Price ot

Series Ack Conversion Price resuiting from the operation of Section A(d);

J Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in a
public offering; and

@ Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity as a
component of any business relationship with such eatity for the purpose of strategic relationships
such as joint ventures, technology licensing, development activities or distribution, supply or
manufacture of the Corporation’s products or services, the principal purpose of which is other

than primarily eer the Cone tion 7? e0ch cane, Chet such issuance is approved By the
Boar of Dros of te Corporation

(c) Adjustment for Steck Splits, Subdivisions, Dividends,
Distributions and Combinations, If the Company, at any time after the Purchase Date, makes
or fixes a record date for the effectuation ofa split or subdivision of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock or the determination; of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend
or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or other securities or rights
convestible into, pr entitling. the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock (hereinafter referted to as “Common Stock Equivalents”) without payment

_of any consideration by such holder for the edditional shares of Common Stock or the Common

Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable npon conversion
or exercise thereof), then, a3 of such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split
or anbdivision if no record date is! fixed), the Series A Conversion Price and the eries A-1
Conversion Price shail be appropnately decteased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each share of Series A Preferred md Series A-1 Preferred shall be
increased in proportion to such increase of the agpregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding

_ and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents with the number of ahares

issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner
provided for decmed issuances in ‘sabsection 4(4)(i)(E). if the number of shares of Common _
Stock outstanding at any time aftex the Purhase Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Series A Conversion Price and Seriés A-1 Conversion Price shall be apprppriately increased so
Fe ame Gf ahares of Commén Stock iseable on conversion of each share pf sich series
Shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(® Other! ‘Distributions. In the event thia Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by this
corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options er rights not referred

to in subsection 4{¢), then, in each such case for the purpose of this subsection 4(f), the holders

of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though
they were the holders of the munabed of shares of Common Stock of this Cotporation into which

12.

&
their shares of Preferred Stock ace convertible as of the record date fixed for the detennination of
she holders of Common Stock of this Corporation entitled to reccive such distribution.

{g) Recapitelizations and Reorganizations; Adjustment of
Conversion Price,

@ Jf at any time after the Purchase Date, there is a
recapitalization or reorganization of: the Common Stock (other than an Acquisition or Asset
Transfer as defined in Section 3(b) or a stock split, subdivision, dividend, distribution or
combination provided for elsewhere in this Section 4), as a part of such recapitalization or
reorganization, provision shall be made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock so effected
shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the aumber of
shares of stock or other securities or property of the Company to which a holiler of the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on auch

italization or reorganization, subject to adjustment in respect of such stock or eecurities by

. the terms thereof In any such pase, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of
the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of Series A Preferred and
Beries A-1 Preferred after the recapitalization or reorganization to the end that the provisions of
this Section 4 (including adjustment ofthe Series A Conversion Price and Series A-1 Conversion
Price then in effect and the number cif shares issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred
--and Series A-1 Preferred) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent as

Gi) Jf at sy time after the Purchase Date, any shares of
Common Stock issued prior to the reorganization in which Series A- Stock was first issued
(“Pre-Reorg Common,” which includes for purposes of this elause any seburities or other
property into which such Pre-Reorg Common has been converted or exchanged) axe surrendered
_ back to the Company as a result of. claim of indemnity against the Company (a “Company
Surrender”), the then-effective Series A Conversion Price will be adjusted by mmltiplying it by
the percentage resulting from dividing (i) the number of shares of Pre-Reorg Common that were
surrendered, minus any shares of Pre-Reorg Common surrendered in a prior Company Surrender
by the shareholders who held Pre-Reorg Common immediately after the teorganization ‘by (ii)
the mumber of shares of Pro-Reorg Common referred to in the preceding clause minus fhe
number of shares of Pre-Reorg Common that are surrendered by those same shareholders in the
Company Surrender, Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, under no circumstance shall
the Series A Conversion Price be reduced pursuant to this Section 4(g){ii) by more than a
cumulative amount equal to $0.1670, regandless of the numberof adjustments to the Series A
Conversion Price made pursuant to this Section 4(g)(ii),

(ii) If at any time after the Purchase Date, any shares of |
- Common Stock issued in the reorganization in which Series A-1 Stock was first issued (“Reorg
Common,” which includes for purposes of this clause any securities or other property into which
such Reorg Common has been converted or exchanged) are surrendered back to the Company as
. @ result of a claim of indemnity | against the sharcholdess of the acquired entity in such:
reorganization (the “Target Surrender”), the then-elfecive Series A-1 Conversion Price will be
13. -

i  &
adjusted by multiplying it by the percentage resulting from dividing (f) the number of shates of
Reorg Common that were beld immediately after the reorganization by the shareholders whose
shares are being surrendered, minus any shares of Reorg Common surreadered in a prior Target.
Surrender by fhe shareholders who held Reorg Common inamediately after the reorganization by
{ii) the number of shares of Reorg Common in the preceding clause minus the mumber of shares
of Reorg Comman held by those gamb shareholders that are surrendered in the Target Surrender.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, nnder no circumstance shall the Series A-1 -
Conversion Price be reduced pursuant to this Section 4(p)(iii) by nuare than a cunmilative amount

equal to $0.1951, regardless of the tumuber of adjustments to the Series A-] Conversion Price

Made pursuant to this Section 4(gX(iii).

(h) Certificate of Adjustment. in cach case of an adjustment
or teadjustment of the Series A Convérsion Price or Series A-1 Conversion Price for the number
of shares of Common Stock ar other securities issuable upon conversion of the Series A

' Proferred or Series A-1 Preferred, to the extent shares of such series are then convertible

Pursuant fo this Section 4, the Company, et its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment
or readjustment in accordance with fhe provisions hereof and prepare a certificate showing such

adjustment or readjustment, and shalliroail such certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to
cach registered holder of Series A Préferred.or Series A-1 Preferred, as the pase may be, at the

__ holder's address as shown in the Conjpany’s books, ‘The certificate shall set forth such

adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustiobat is based, including a statement of (i) the consideration received or deemed to be
received by the Company for any Additional Stock issued or sold or deemed to have been issued
or sold, (ii) the applicable Series A Conversion Price or Series A-1 Conversion Price, as the case
may be, at the time in effect, (iii) the humber of shares of Additional Stock and (iv) the type and
amount, if any, of other property which at ths time would be received upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock. In addition, this Cotporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any
‘holder of Series A Preferred or Seriey A-] Preferred, furnish or cause to be furnished to such
holder a like certificate setting forth (A) any adjustments and readjustments fo the Series A
Conversion Price or the Series A-1 Conversion Price, as applicable, (B) the Series A Preferred

. Conversion Price or Series A-1 Conversion Price, as applicable, then time in effect, and (C) the

mumber of hares of Common Stock énd the amount, if any, of other property that at the time
would be received upon the conversion of a share of Series A Preferred or Series A-1 Prefetred.

() Fractional Shares, No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be ised upon conversion of any share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common
Stock (including fractions theseof) issudble upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred '
Stock by a holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the
conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned
aggregation, the conversion would result’in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company
shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction

multiplied by the Common Stock’s fait market value (as determined by the Board of Directors)
on the date of conversion. foo .

Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company

i)
shall at ail times reserve and keep available prt of ite authorized but unissued shares of Common

a

an

Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time 40 time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, If at any time the oumber of —
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion

of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall
be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the Company will take such corporate action
a3 may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose, including,
without limitation, engaging in best effrts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval of any

necessary amendment to these Articlgs of Incorporation.

(k) Notices, Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of'Proferred Stock shall be deemed. given upon receipt or, if
earlier, (a) five days after deposit with the U.S, Postal Service or other applicable postal service,
if delivered by first class mail, postage prepaid; (b) upon delivery, if delivered by hand; (c) one
‘business day after the business day of deposit with Federal Express or similar overnight courier,
freight prepaid, or (d) one business flay after the business day of facsimile transmission (with
confirmation), if delivered by facsimile transmission with copy by first class mail, postage
prepaid, and shall be addressed to each holder of record at such holder's address appearing on -
the books ofthe Corporation =| )

() — Paymedt of Tares. The Company will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upon income, capital gains or similar taxes) and other governmental that

. may be imposed with reapect to the isme or delivery of shares of Common Stock ‘pon

conversion of shares of Preferred’ Stock, excluding any tax or other charge imposed in
connection with any transfer involvet! in the issue and delivery. of shares of Common Stock in a
hae ofber than that in which the shares of Preferred Stock so converted were registered.

(m) _No Dilistion or Impairment. ‘Without the consent of the requisite
holders of then outstanding Preferred Stock as required under Section 2 and applicable Jaw, the
Company shall not amend its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or participate in

. any reorganization, tryusfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuc or sale of

securities or take any other voluntary action, for the purpose of ayoiding ot seeking to avoid the
observance or performance of any df the terms to be observed ox performed hereunder by the
Company, ‘but shall at all times in good faith assist in carrying out all such action as may be
reasonably necessary or appropriate th order to protect the conversion nights of the holders of the
Preferred Stock against dilution or other impairment. .

Lo (9) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking’ by this
Corporation of a record

the holders thereof who are entitled tp receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, this Corporation shall miaii to each holder of Preferred Stock, at least ten (10) days
prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date ou which any such record is to be

taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution, and the amount and character of such
dividend or distribution. | ,

15. .

i

of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining . -
w/

5. No RscAnds OF PREFERRED STOCK.

No share pr shines of Preferred Stock acquired by the Company by reason
of redesoption, repurchase, conversigh ar otherstise shall be reissued by the Company.

6. REPURCHLASY-OF SHARES.

in commection with repurchases by the Corporation of its Common Stock’

| Pursuant to its agreements with ‘ceitain of the holders thereof, Sections 502 and 503 of the

a enoetnn Tal thal aot apply tn whole or in part Wa respec 1 such
repurchases.

F, The rights, prfiencts, pivileges,restfstons and other mates relating to the

Cecnmuce hock ore at ites

Drvipenp Ricara. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of

soc wt the tng outstanding baving prior tights a 4 dividends, the holders of the Common
_ Stock shall de entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any

assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, src dirigence as my be Gesiecs St Hine
*0 fimo by the Board of Directors.

2 Lagumarios Rigas, Ube iui dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, the assets ofthe Corporation shal be distributed as provided in Section 5.3,

3. Vorme Riis. The bolder of each share of Common Stock shall have
the right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ mecting in accordance
‘with the bylaws of the ere ean at be cmtkie to wote wpon amch matics Sn in mh
manner as may be provided by law.

A. The lilt ofthe dirctors of the Conpsiration for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

B: The Corporation is athorized to provide indemnification of agents 3 (38 defined in.
Section 317 of the California Genetal Corporation Law) through bylaw provisions, agreements
with agents, yote of shareholders) ot disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of the
indemnification otherwise i by Section 317 of the California General Corporation Law,
subject only to the applicable limits set forth in Section 204 of the California General

Corporation Yaw with respect to) sotions for breach of duty to the Corporation and it
shareholders.

C. —_ Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IV by the

Shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of

the Corporation existing at the time pf such repeal or modification."
i. 16,

&
af

3. The foregoing amendment of the Articles of Fncorporation has been duly

approved by the Bourd of Directors, :

4, The foregoing amendnicn ofthe Articles of Inporporation has been daly
approved by the required vote of shartholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the
Califomia General Corporation Law. ‘The total number of outstanding shares of the Corporation
is 36,560,698 shares of Commian Stock and 15,829,210 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The
number of shares voting in favor of thie amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The
perrentage vote required under law arid the Articles of Incorporation in efffect at the time of this
amendment was more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock, more than 60% ofthe
oulstanding Series A Preferred, atid nore than 50% of the ontstanding Commi Stock and Series
A Prefered woling together as 2 single class

[Remalnder of page left blank intentionally]

17.
We further declare under penalty of pecjucy under the laws of the State af California that
the matters set foxth in this certificate with repard to these Amended and Restated Asticles of

