State of Delaware
Seore of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 10:25 PM 03/20/2007
FILED 09:36 PM 03/20/2007
SRV 070340756 - 3796035 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

ASCEND HEALTH CORPORATION

The undersigned. Richard Kresch, hereby certifies that:

1. He is the duly elected and acting President of Ascend Health Corporation, a
Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware on May 24, 2004.

3. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated
to read in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is Ascend Health Corporation.
ARTICLE

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is
1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, County of New Castle. The name of its registered
agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE III

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 59,374,146 shares, each with a par value of
$0.0001 per share. 35,000,000 shares shall be Common Stock and 24,374,146 shares shall be
Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Restated

Certificate”) may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The first Series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 11,788,047 shares. The
second series of Preferred Stock shal! be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist
of 12,586,099 shares. The rights. preferences. privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed
on the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock are as set forth below in this Article [V(B).

1, Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock
or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation), on the Common Stock of the
Corporation, at the rate of (a) $0.016 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassification and the like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock
and (b) $0.128 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the
like) per annum on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock, payable quarterly when,
as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the ‘Board of Directors”). Such
dividends shall not be cumulative. After payment of such dividends, any additional dividends
shall be distributed among the holders of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock and Common
Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder
(assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

2. Liquidation.

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A and Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of
the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership
thereof, an amount per share equal to (i) $1.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassification and the like) for each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by
them, and (ii) $1.597 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and
the like) for each share of Series B Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid
dividends. If. upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the
holders of the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment
to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the
Series A and Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder
is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(a) above, if assets remain in the Corporation, the holders of the Common
Stock of the Corporation shall ratably receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation. dissolution. or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if the
Corporation shail sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property or
business (either directly or indirectly, including sale by subsidiaries of the Corporation) or merge
with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited liability company or other entity
(other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) (any such transaction, a “Liquidation
Transaction”), provided that none of the following shall be considered a Liquidation Transaction:
(1) a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation, (ii)
an equity financing in which the Corporation is the surviving corporation, (iii) a transaction in
which the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction own 50% or more
of the voting power of the surviving corporation following the transaction on account of shares
held by them prior to such transaction, or (iv) a consolidation with a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Corporation.

(ii) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
liquidation as described in Section 2(c)(i) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation
is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued
as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board
of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq
over a specified time period;

(2) ‘If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid
or sales prices (whichever is applicable) of such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(c){ii)(A)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as detcrmined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(iii) Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation

Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the stockholders’ meeting called to approve such
Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Transaction,
whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such
Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and
conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the
Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. Unless
such notice requirements are waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall not take place sooner than
10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than 10 days
after the Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Restated Certificate, all notice periods or
requirements in this Restated Certificate may be shortened or waived, either before or after the
action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing
of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as
such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the
first notice referred to in Section 2(c)(ili).

3. Redemption.

(a) Redemption Date and Price. At any time after fifth anniversary
of the Series B Preferred Purchase Date, but on a date within 30 days after receipt by the
Corporation of a written request (a “Redemption Election”) from the holders of not less than a
majority of the then outstanding voting power of the Preferred Stock that all of the shares of the
Preferred Stock be redeemed, the Corporation shall redeem, from any source of funds legally
available therefor, the number of shares of the Preferred Stock specified in the Redemption
Election in three annual equal installments (each a “Redemption Date”). The Corporation shal]
effect such redemptions on the applicable Redemption Dates by paying in cash a per share
amount equal to (i) $1.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for stock splits. stock
dividends, reclassifications or the like) plus all declared but unpaid dividends on such shares (the
“Series A Liquidation Amount”), plus 10% annual interest on the Series A Liquidation Amount
from the Purchase Date of the Series A Preferred Stock until the applicable Redemption Date
(the “Series A Redemption Price”), and (ii) $1.597 per share of Series B Preferred Stock (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like) plus all declared but
unpaid dividends on such shares (the “Series B Liquidation Amount”), plus 10% annual interest
on the Series B Liquidation Amount from the Purchase Date of the Series B Preferred Stock until
the applicable Redemption Date (the “Series B Redemption Price,” and together with the Series
A Redemption Price, the “Redemption Price”).

(b) Number of Shares. The number of shares of each series of
Preferred Stock that the Corporation shall be required under this Section 3 to redeem on any one
Redemption Date shall be equal to the amount determined by dividing (i) the aggregate number
of shares of such series of Preferred Stock outstanding as of the date of the Redemption Election
by (ii) the number of remaining Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date to which
such calculation applies, with calculation being done separately for each series of Preferred
Stock). Any redemption effected pursuant to this Section 3 shall be made on a pro rata, series by
series, basis among the holders of the Preferred Stock.

(c) Procedure. At least 15 but no more than 30 days prior to each
Redemption Date, written notice shall be delivered by express overnight courier service, fees
prepaid, to each holder of record (at the close of business on the business day next preceding the
day on which notice is given) of the Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at the address last shown on
the records of the Corporation for such holder, notifying such holder of the redemption to be
effected, specifying the number of shares to be redeemed from such holder, the Redemption
Date, the applicable Redemption Price, the place at which payment may be obtained and calling
upon such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, such
holder's certificate or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed (the “Redemption
Notice”). Except as provided in Section 3(d), on or after the Redemption Date, each holder of
Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates
representing such shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice,
and thereupon the applicable Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the
person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each
surrendered certificate shall be cancelled. If less than all of the shares represented by such
certificate are redeemed, then the Corporation shall promptly issue a new certificate representing
the unredeemed shares.

(d) Effect _of Redemption; Insufficient Funds. From and after a
Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price, all

rights of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption
Notice relating to such Redemption Date (except the right to receive the applicable Redemption
Price without interest upon surrender of their certificate or certificates) shall cease with respect to
such shares, and such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or
be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation legally
available for redemption of shares of Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to
redeem the total number of shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds
which are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares
ratably among the holders of such shares to be redeemed based upon the total Redemption Price
applicable to each such holder’s shares of Preferred Stock which are subject to redemption on
such Redemption Date, calculated separately for each series of Preferred Stock, on a pro-rata
basis. The shares of Preferred Stock not redeemed shal! remain outstanding and entitled to all
the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the
Corporation are legally available for the redemption of shares of Preferred Stock, such funds will
immediately be used to redeem the balance of the shares which the Corporation has become
obliged to redeem on any Redemption Date but which it has not redeemed. Any amount due on a
Redemption Date that is not paid when due shail thereafter bear interest of one percent (1%) per
month until paid. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 3, the holders of a majority of the
Preferred Stock may elect to waive these redemption rights set forth in this Section 3 in
connection with any debt financing approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock
shall have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A
and Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time
after the date of issuance of such share and, with respect to any shares of Preferred Stock
scheduled to be redeemed on any given Redemption Date, on or prior such Redemption Date, if
any, as may have been fixed in any Redemption Notice, at the office of the Corporation or any
transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock as is determined by dividing (i) $1.00 in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock
and (ii) $1.597 in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price applicable to
such share, determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date of the election to convert. The
initial Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be $1.00. The initial
Conversion Price per share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be $1.597. Such initial Conversion
Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in
effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as provided below in Section 4(c),
the Corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten initial public
offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”) which results in aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than
$25,000,000 (net of underwriting discounts and commissions) and the public offering price of
which is not less than $4.80 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassification and the like)or (ii) the date specified by written consent or agreement of the
holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to convert such Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, the holder shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or
of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state
therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are
to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such
office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall
be entitled as aforesaid, and a certificate for the remaining number of shares of Series A or Series
B Preferred Stock if less than all! of the Series A or Series B Preferred Stock evidenced by the
surrendered certificate were converted. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of such
series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shal! be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of public Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in
connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities
Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred Stock for
conversion. be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock
until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock

shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:
(i) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price. If
the Corporation should issue, at any time after the date upon which any shares of Series A or
Series B Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date” with respect to such series), any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less
than the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such
Additional Stock, the Conversion Price for such series in effect immediately prior to each such
issuance shall automatically be adjusted as set forth in this Section 4(d)(i), unless otherwise
provided in this Section 4(d)(i).

(A) Adjustment Formula. Whenever the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new Conversion Price shall be determined
by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the
“Qutstanding Common’) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for such issuance would purchase at such Conversion
Price; and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common
plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation,
the term “Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant
to Section 4(d)(1)(E) below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For purposes
of this Section 4(d)(i). “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the
applicable Purchase Date) other than

(1) Common Stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ii) hereof;

(2) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation directly or pursuant to a stock option
plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(3) Capital stock, or options or warrants to
purchase capital stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions or similar
transactions approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, for reasons primarily other
than raising capital;

(4) Shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock
issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants, notes, or other rights to acquire securities of the
Corporation as of the date of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation;

(5) | Capital stock, or warrants or options to
purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar
transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation:
(6) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Series A or Series B Preferred Stock;

(7) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
in a public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock will be converted to Common Stock;

(8) Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity
as a component of any business relationship with such entity for the purpose of (A) joint venture,
technology licensing or development activities. (B) distribution, supply or manufacture of the
Corporation’s products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving corporate partners
that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business relationship
with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors; and

(9) Shares of Common Stock that are expressly
excluded from the definition of “Additional Shares” by written consent of at least a majority of
each series of Preferred Stock that would, but for such consent, have its Conversion Price
adjusted by such issuance or deemed issuance.

(C) No Fractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent
per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this
sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment
being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving
rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of
the issuance or deemed issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to
be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or
other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in
connection with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock
for a consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case
of the issuance of securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive
directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”),
the following provisions shall apply for all purposes of this Section 4(d){i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility. exchangeability or exercisability, including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and upon subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such Common Stock
Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the
Corporation for any such Common Stock Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of
accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be
received by the Corporation (without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon
the conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in
each case to be determined in the manner provided in Section 4(d)(1)(D).

(2) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents, other than a change
tesulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock Equivalents,
shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shal] be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange
or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)(1) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either Section 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)(i)(E)(3).

(F) No Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(d)(i)(E)(2) and 4(d)(1)(E)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
4(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or

subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Conversion Price of each of the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock shall be
appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of
each share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of
shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock
Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents
determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Price for each series of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d)(i) or 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the
holders of each series of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such
distribution as though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed
for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall
be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or
sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall
be made so that the holders of any series of Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive
upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or
property of the Corporation or otherwise. to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the
rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the
number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after
that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, through any
reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times tn good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and
in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.
(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of any series of Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. The number of shares issuable
upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of any series
of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion. If the conversion would
result in any fractional share, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any such fractional share,
pay the holder thereof an amount in cash equal to the fair market value of such fractional share
on the date of conversion, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Series A or Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the
Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock
a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request
at any time of any holder of Series A or Series B Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment,
(B) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of a share of such series of Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shal! mail
to each holder of Series A or Series B Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified
therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of
such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution

or right.
Qj) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The

Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A
and Series B Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall! from time to
time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred
Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall
not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of such series of Preferred
Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Preferred
Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be
necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of
shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes. including, without limitation, engaging in best
efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Restated
Certificate.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to
be given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address
appearing on the books of the Corporation.

5. Voting Rights.

(a) Except as expressly provided by this Restated Certificate or as
provided by law, the holders of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock shall have the same voting
rights as the holders of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock
and the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters.
Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock
held, and each holder of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of
votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series A and
Series B Preferred Stock could be converted. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted
and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares
into which shares of Series A or Series B Preferred Stock held by each holder could be
converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

(b) The Board of Directors shall consist of six (6) members. So long as
at least 3,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting
together as a separate class, shall have the exclusive and special right at all times to elect one (1)
member of the Board of Directors ( a “Series B Preferred Director”). So long as at least
3,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassification and the like), the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting
together as a separate class, shall have the exclusive and special right at all times to elect three
(3) members of the Board of Directors (each such member, a “Series A Preferred Director’). The
holders of the Common Stock, voting together as a separate class, shall have the exclusive and
special right at all times to elect one (1) member of the Board of Directors ( a “Common
Director”), and the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, shall have the exclusive and special right to
elect one remaining member of the Board of Directors (a “Joint Director”).

(c) In the case of any vacancy in the office of the Series B Preferred Director
elected by the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions of
Section 5(b) above, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class,
shall elect a successor or successors to serve for the unexpired term of the Series B Preferred
Director whose office is vacant. In the case of any vacancy in the office of the Series A Preferred
Director occurring among the Series A Preferred Directors elected by the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(b) above, the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class, shall elect a successor or successors to serve
for the unexpired term of the Series A Preferred Director whose office is vacant. In the case of
any vacancy in the office of a Common Director elected by the holders of Common Stock in
accordance with the provisions of Section 5(b) above, the holders of Common Stock, voting
together as a separate class, shal] elect a successor or successors to serve for the unexpired term
of the Common Director whose office is vacant. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a
Joint Director elected by the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock voting together in
accordance with the provisions of Section 5(b) above, the holders of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis,
shall elect a successor or successors to serve for the unexpired term of the Joint Director whose
office is vacant.

6. Protective Provisions. So Jong as at least 100,000 shares of Preferred
Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like),
the Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first
obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(a) effect a change of control, liquidation, merger, reincorporation,
recapitalization or sale or other transfer of a substantial part of the Corporation’s assets (or those
of any of the Corporation’s direct or indirect subsidiaries), other than in the ordinary course of
business:

(b) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of
any series of Preferred Stock:

(c) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total number of
authorized shares of Preferred Stock;

(d) authorize or issue any equity security, or any security convertible
into or exercisable for any equity security, that is on parity or having preference over the Series A
or Series B Preferred Stock;

(e) pay or declare any dividend or distribution on any shares of the
Corporation's capital stock (except dividends payable solely in shares of Common Stock), or
redeem (except pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Incorporation), purchase or otherwise
acquire (or pay into or set funds aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of
Preferred Stock or Common Stock; provided. however, that this restriction shall not apply to the
repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees. officers, directors, consultants or other
persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under
which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than cost upon the
occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the exercise of
any right of first refusal;

(f) amend the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the
Corporation in a manner which materially adversely affects the holders of the Preferred Stock;
(g) create a new plan or arrangement for the grant of stock options or
the issuance of restricted stock or increase the number of shares available under such a plan or
arrangement;

(h) increase the number of members on the Corporation Board of
Directors:

(i) create indebtedness for borrowed money, in a single or series of
transactions, in amount in excess of $2,500,000, except as otherwise approved by at least five out
of six members of the Board of Directors. including a majority of the Series A Preferred
Directors and the Series B Preferred Director, voting together; or

q) effect any acquisition of the capital stock of another entity which
results in the consolidation of that entity into the results of operations of the Corporation or
acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of another entity, except as otherwise approved
by at least five out of six members of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Series A
Preferred Directors and the Series B Preferred Director, voting together.

In addition, the Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger,
consolidation or otherwise) increase the authorized number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
without the written consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock.

7. Status of Redeemed or Converted Stock. In the event any shares of
Preferred Stock shall be redeemed pursuant to Section 3 or converted pursuant to Section 4
hereof, the shares so redeemed or converted shall be cancelled and shal! not be issuable by the
Corporation. This Restated Certificate shall be appropriately amended to effect the
corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

(C) Common Stock.

lL. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation. or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article IV(B).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4, Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shal! be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law. The number of authorized shares of Common
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then
outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation
representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware
General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE V

The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make. alter or repeal
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VII

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the
same exists or as may hereafter be amended. a director of the Corporation shall not be personally
liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director.

(B) The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served at
any other enterprise as a director or officer at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor to
the Corporation.

(C) Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VU,
shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter occurring, or any
action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VIJ, would accrue or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.”

* * *
The foregoing Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted
by this Corporation's Board of Directors and stockholders in

accordance with the applicable
provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

Executed at Menlo Park, California, on March 20 , 2007,

aver Kresch, President
