_ AO63I291 Ay

IS 74493
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF JUL 2 2 2005
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF
ASCENDENT TELECOMMUNICATIONS INC.

FIL
In the office of the Secretary of Stat:
Of the State of Caltfornia

Deborah G. Miller and Wouter van Biene hereby certify that:
1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Chief Executive Officer and
Secretary, respectively, of Ascendent Telecommunications Inc., a California corporation (the

“Corporation”.

2. Article IV D.(4)(b)(AXi) of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incezporation of this Corporation, which presently reads as follows:

“(i) the Corporation proposes to offer, sell or issue equity securities cr securities
convertible into equity securities in which gross proceeds are anticipated to be at least Four
Million Nine Hundred Ninety Nine Thousand Nine Hundred Ninety Nine Dollars
($4,999,999.00) at a price (per Common Stock Equivalent share) less than the Series A Current
Conversion Price. Series B Current Conversion Price, and/or Series B1 Current Conversion
Price, respectively (“Effective Price”), immediately prior to the issuance of such equity securities
or securities convertible into equity securities (the “Dilutive Equity Finuncing”);”

shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

“(i) the Corporation proposes to offer, sell or issue equity securities or securities
convertible into equity securities in which gross proceeds are anticipated to be at least Five
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) at a price (per Common Stock Equivalent share) less
than the Series A Current Conversion Price, Series B Current Conversion Price, and/or Series B1
Current Conversion Price, respectively (“Effective Price”), immediately prior to the issuance of
such equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities (the “Dilutive Equity
Financing”’);"’

3. The foregoing amendment of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of
incorporation has been duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
4. The foregoing amendment of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of

Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of the shareholders of the Corporation

P.A\10412677 1
352238-900000 !
in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code. The total number
of outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment
1S 3,460,574 shares of Common Stock, 3,439,339 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 10,000,000
shares of Series B Preferred Stock and 7,692,308 shares of Series B1 Preferred Stock. The
number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The
percentage vote required was more than: (i) fifty percent (50%) of the Common Stock (voting
separately), (ii) a majority of the Series A Preferred Stock (voting separately), (iii) two thirds
(2/3) of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series B1 Preferred Stock (voting together) and (iv)
fifty percent (50%) of the Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series B1 Preferred Stock voting together, with the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series B1 Preferred Stock voting on an as converted to Common Stock

basis.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

PA\10412677. 1
352238-900000 2
The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of their own knowledge.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have execv’ -d this certificate this 2and day

a> yo
Deborah G. Miller, President and Chief
Execiyive Officer
i]

of July, 2005.

Woutervan Biene, Secreiary

PA\10412677.1
352238-900000 3
ho641230 «40 Ot
IB TY V4 FILED

n the office of the Secretary of Stat:
of the State of Caifomia
ASCENDENT TELECOMMUNICATIONS INC.
MAR 0 3 2006
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Deborah G. Miller and Wouter van Biene hereby certify that:
I. They are the President and Secretary of Ascendent Telecommunications

Inc.. a California corporation (the “Corporation”™).

2. ARTICLE III of the Corporation’s Second Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation (the “Second Restated Articles”) is hereby deleted in its entirety and
restated to read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE Ill

A. Designation of Stock. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes
of stock to be designated, respectively, “Preferred Stock” and “Common Stock.” The
total number of shares which the Corporation is authorized to issue is sixty eight million
(68.000.000), of which forty million (40,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock no par
value (the “Common Stock”), and twenty eight million (28,000,000) shares shall be
Preferred Stock par value $0.001 per share (the “Preferred Stock”). The rights.
preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the twenty eight million
(28,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock are as follows. Four million one hundred
thousand (4,100.000) of the shares of Preferred Stock shall be designated and known as
Series A Preferred Stock (“Series A Preferred Stock” or “Series A Preferred”), ten
million one hundred fifty thousand (10,150,000) of the shares of Preferred Stock shall be
designated and known as Series B Preferred Stock (“Series B Preferred Stock” or “Series
B Preferred”), and thirteen million (13,000,000) of the shares of Preferred Stock shall be
designated and known as Series B1 Preferred Stock (“Series B1 Preferred Stock” or
“Series B1 Preferred’). The balance of the wholly unissued shares of Preferred Stock, if
any, may be divided into such number of series as the Board of Directors may determine
with such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as the Board of Directors may
determine in connection herewith. Subject to the provisions of Section IV.E.(1 Kb)
(“Protective Provisions”), the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of any such
additional series may be subordinated to, pari passu with (including, without limitation,
inclusion in provisions with respect to liquidation and acquisition preferences,
redemption and/or approval of matters by vote or written consent), or senior to any of
those of any present or future class or series of Preferred or Common Stock. Subject to
compliance with applicable Protective Provisions, the Board of Directors is also
authorized to increase or decrease the number of wholly unissued shares of any series,

20149708 ?
prior or subsequent to the original issue of that series. but not below the number of shares
of such series then outstanding. In case the number of wholly unissued shares of any
series shall be so decreased. such shares constituting such decrease shall resume the
status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number
of shares of such series.”

3. Section IV.B.(2) of the Corporation’s Second Restated Articles is hereby
deleted in its entirety and restated to read in full as follows:

(2) For purposes of this Section IV B., a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, and to include, unless the holders
of a majority of the Preferred Stock, voting together on an as converted to Common
Stock basis. shall determine otherwise, the Corporation’s sale of all or substantially all of
its assets or the acquisition of the Corporation by or reorganization of this Corporation
into or with another entity in which the shareholders of the Corporation do not own a
majority of the outstanding voting shares of the surviving. purchasing, or newly resulting
corporation. whether by means of merger or consolidation or reorganization resulting in
the exchange of the outstanding shares of this Corporation for securities or consideration
issued. or caused to be issued, by the acquiring corporation or its subsidiary (each also
referred to as a “Triggering Event” or “Liquidation Event”). No later than ten (10) days
betore any liquidation, dissolution or winding up. the Corporation shall deliver a notice to
each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and/or Series B1
Preferred Stock setting forth the principal terms of such event of liquidation, dissolution,
or winding up of the Corporation which notice shall be deemed delivered in the manner
set forth under Section 601(b) of the California General Corporation Law. Such notice
shall include a description of the amounts that would be paid to holders of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and/or Series B1 Preferred Stock under this
Section {V B. and of the consideration that such holders would receive if they were to
exercise their rights to have shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and/or Series B1 Preferred Steck, as the case may be, treated as if they had been
converted into Common Stock. Unless waived by holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) in
interest of the respective holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and/or Series BI Preferred Stock. no later than ten (10) days after delivery of the
notice. each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and/or Series
B1 Preferred Stock may deliver an election to the Corporation notifying the Corporation
that the holder desires that such holder's shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and/or Series B! Preferred Stock be treated as if they had been converted
into shares of Common Stock and. if no such elechon is delivered to the Corporation,
such holder shall receive such respective Series B! Preference Amount, Series B
Preference Amount and Series A Preference Amount as are provided for under this
Section IV B.”

4. The foregoing amendment of the Second Restated Articles has been duly
approved by the board of directors of this Corporation.

5. The foregoing amendment of the Second Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in

to

2149708 2
accordance with Section 902 of the California Corporations Code. The corporation has
outstanding: (i) five million seven hundred seventy-six thousand nine hundred thirteen,
(5.776.913) shares of Common Stock, (iti) three million six hundred fourteen thousand
three hundred sixty (3,614,360) shares of Series A Preferred Stock. (iii) ten million
(10.000,000) shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and (iv) seven million six hundred
ninety-two thousand three hundred eight (7,692,308) shares of Series B1 Preferred Stock.
The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceed d the vote
required. The percentage vote required was (i) more that fifty percent (50%) of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock voting separately, (ii) two-thirds (2/3) of the
outstanding shares of Scries B Preferred Stock and Series B1 Preferred Stock voting
together, (iii) two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding shares of Series A. Series B and Series
B1 Preferred Stock voting together. (iv) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
Series A and Series B Preferred Stock voting together, and (v) more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series Bl Preferred Stock voting together, with the Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B1 Preferred Stock voting on an as
converted to Common Stock basis.

eee t

20149705 2
The undersigned, Deborah G. Miller and Wouter van Bienc, the President and
Scerctary, respectively, of Ascendent Telecommunications Inc., declare under penalty of
perjury under the laws of the State of Califormia that the matters set out in the furegoing
Certificate are true of their own knowledge.

Executed et San Jose, Califomiaon March 1, 2006.

Deborah G. Miller
President

20(44703,2 4
Ad6LIb2 |

L¥ Fo Y9SSuv J

rep?”

in the office of the Secretary of Stat

Of the Stale of Caifornia

AGREEMENT OF MERGER

ATI ACQUISITION CORP, AND ASCENDENT TELECOMMUNICATIONS INC.

THIS AGREEMENT OF MERGER (“‘A.reemeat”), dated es of March 8, 2016 is made
by and between RESEARCH IN MOTION LIMITED, an Ontario corporation (“RIM”), ATI

ACQUISITION CORP., a California corporation and wholiy-pwned subsidiary of RIM (“Merger
Sub”), ASCENDENT TELECOMMUNICATIONS INC{, a California corporation (the
“Company”y. The Company and Merger Sub are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
“Constituent Corporations.”

A. The Company is a California corpora..on and is authorized to issue (a) 40,000,000
shares of Common Stock (“Company Common Stock”) and (b) 28,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock (“Company Preferred Stock”), 4,100,000 shares of which are designated Series A
Preferred Stock, 10,150,000 shares of which are designated Series B Preferred Stock and
13,000,000 shares of which are designated Series B] Preferred Stock. At the close of business
on March 8, 2006, 5,776,913 shares of Company Common Stock, 3,614,360 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, 10,000,000 of Series B Preferred Stock and 11,738,122 shares of Series B1
Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding.

B. iMlerger Sub is a California corporation and is authorized to issue 100,000,000
shares of ©un.uinon Steck, (‘Sub Stock”). At the close of business on March 8, 2006, 60,000,000
shares of Sub Stock were outstanding.

C. RIM is an Ontario Corporation and is authorized to issue an unlimited numi::r of
common shares (“RIM Common Shares”), an unlimited number of Class A Shares (“RIM (lass
A Shares”) arid an unlimited number of preferred shares (“RIM Preferred Shares”). As of March
4, 2006, there were 186,003,165 RIM Common Shares issued and outstanding and no RIM Class
A Shares or RIM Preferred Shares issued and outstanding.

D. The Company, Merger Sub, and RIM are parties to that certain Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as of February 17, 2006 (the “Merger Agreement”), providing for, among
other things, the acquisition of the stock of the Company by RIM by the merger of Merger Sub
with and into the Company.

E. The respective Boards of Directors of the Company, Merger Sub, and PIM deem
it advisable and in the best interests of the Company, Merger Sub, and RIM and their respective
shareholders that Merger Sub merge with and into the Company, in accordance with the Merger
Agreement.

F. The Company, Merger Sub, und RIM have taken all appropriate corporate action
to adopt, approve, vertify and execute this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agroement made
herein, the parties agree as follows:

K ‘Cheat ble. -erw CR Agridnigs. v5 den

MAR 09 200

Re ee et
1. Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, (i) Merger Sub shall merge
pursuant to Sections 1190 and 1101 of the California Corporations Code (“‘Corporations Code”)
with and into the Company, (ii) the corporate existence of the Company shall continue, and
(iii) the separate existence of Merger Sub shal! cease (which events together shall constitute the
“Merger”).

2. Effective Time. The effective time of the Merger (“Effective Time”) shall be
upon filing and acceptance of the appropriate documents by the Ca:ifornia Secretary of State.

3. Name. The name of the Company shail continue to be “Ascendent
Telecominunications Inc.”.

4. Effects of Merger. The Merger shal] have the effects set forth in Section 1107 of
the Corporations Code.

5. Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Directurs &
Officers of the Company.

a. Amendment of the Company’s Second Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation.

(1) At the Effective Time, Article III, Section A of the Second
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company shall be amended to read in
full as follows:

“The total number of shares of all classes of stock that
this Corporation ts authorized to issue is 100,000,000
shares of Common Stock.”

(2) At the Effective Time, Article IV of the Second Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company shall be deleted.

(3) At the Effective Time, Article V shall be renumbered Article IV.

b. Secc.ad Amendeo and cestated Articles of Incorporation of the
Company. The Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incotporation of the Company in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, as amended as provided in Paragraph 5.a above,
shall be the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company smless and until
amended as provided by law.

C. Officers and Directors of the Company. The officers and directors of
Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers and directors of the
Company respectively upon and after the Effective Time , in each case until their successors
have been elected and qualified or unti] otherwise as provided by law.

6. Further Assurances. As of the Effective Time, the Company may from time to
time, execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered in the name of Mergey Sub all

tm

i Chhent Mama a)-0R EO Agrvhderges v5 dec
such deeds and instruments and to ‘ake or cause to oe taken such further or other action as the
Company may deem necessary or desirable in order to vest in and confirm to the Company title
and possession of any property of Merger Sub, acquired or to be acquired by reason of or as a
result of the Merger, and otherwise to carry out the interests and purposes hereof. and the officers
and directors of the Company are fully authorized in the name of Merger Sub to take any and all
such action.

7. Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the Coastituent Corporations.
As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holder of any shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock:

a. Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each issued and outstanding share of the
capital stock of Merger Sub shall be converted into and become one fully paid and
nonassessable share of Common Stock of the Company. Each stock certificate of Merger Sub
evidencing ownership of any such shares shall continue to evidence ownership of such shares of
capital stock of the Company.

b. Cancellation of Company Capital Stock. Any shares of Company
Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock that are owned by RIM, Sub, the Company or ary
other direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of RIM or the Company shall be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist and no stock of RIM or other consideration shal! be delivered in
exchange therefor.

c. Conversion of Company Common Stock and Company Preferred
Stock. Each issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock and Preferred Stock
(other than shares to be cancelled pursuant to Section 7b above and shares, if any, held by
persons exercising appraisal 1ights in accordance with Section 1300 of the Corporations Code
(“Dissenting Shares”)) shall be converted, without any action on the part of the halders thereof,
into a fraction of a share of RIM Common Stock, or an amount of cash, as determined by
Section 3.1(d) of the Merger Agreement, as follows:

Each Share of Fractional Share of
Company Stock § Cash or RIM Common Stock
(i) Common $0.56i5 0079
(ii) Series A $2.3041 .0322
(iii) Series B $1.2401 0176
(iv) Series BI $1.1536 0167

d. Adjustment of Exchange Ratio. If, between the date of this Agreement
and the Effective Time, the outstanding stares of RIM Common Siock or Company Common
Stock or Company Preferred Stock shall have been changed into a different number of shares or
a diffrent class by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, stock dividend,
combination, exchange of shares or readjustment, the exchange ratio shall be correspondingly
adjusted.

-3-
HAClbeat Maman S-RRM Ag cAerger v5 due
€. Dissenters’ Rights. :f holders of Company Common Stock or Companv
Preferred Stock are entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the Merger under Chapter 13
of the Corporations Code, then any Dissenting Shares shal] not be converted as provided above
but shall be converted into the right to receive such consideration as may be determined to be
due with respect to such Dissenting Shares pursuant to the law of the State of California. After
the Effective Time, RIM shal! issue and deliver to any holder of shares of Company Common
Stock or Company Preferred Stock who shall have failed to make an effective dema:.d for
appraisal or shal] have lost his, her or its status as a Dissenting Shareholder, upon surrender by
such Dissenting Shareholder of his, her or its certificate or certificates representing shares of
Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock, either the shares of RIM Common Stock
or cash to which such Dissenting Shareholder is then entitled under this Section 7 and the Merger
Agreement.

f. Fractional Shares. No “Certificates” (as defined below) oi scrip
representing fractional shares of RIMi Common Stcck shall be issued upon the surrender for
exchange of Certificates, and such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof t0
vote or to any rights of a shareholder of RIM. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, each holder of shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock
exchanged pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction
of a share of RIM Common Stock (after taking into account all Certificates delivered by such
holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an amount equal to such fractional
part of a share of RIM Ccmmon Stock multiplied by the “Average Closing Price”, as set forth in
the Merger Agreement.

g. Escrow. At the Closing, thirty percent (30%) (i) of the number of shares
(“Escrow Shares") of RIM Common Stock actually issued on and after the Closing Date or (ii) of
the cash to be paid on and after the Closing Date (“Escrow Cash”) shal] be proportionately
withheld from the holders of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock otherwise
entitled to receive such shares or cash pursuant to this Agreement and shall be deposited into an
escrow account pursuant to Section 3 and Article 9 of the Merger Agreement.

8. Exchange of Certificates.

a From and after the Effective Time, each holder of an outstanding
Certificate or Certificates (“Certificates”) which previously represented shares of Company
Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall have
the right to surrender each Certificate to RIM (or at RIM’s option, an exchange agent to be
appointed by RIM), and receive promptly in exchange for all certificates held by such holder
either (i) a certificate representing the RIM Common Stock (other than the Escrow Shares) into
which the Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock evidenced by the Certificates
so surrendered shall have been converted pursuant to the provisions of Article 3 of the Merger
Agreement, or (ii) the cash into which the Company Common Siock or Company Preferred
Stuck evidenced by the Certifivates so surrendered shall have been converted pursuant to the
provisions of Article 3 of the Merger Agreement. The surrender of Certificates shall be
accompanied by duly completed and executed letters of transmittal in such form os may be
reasonably specified by RIM. Until surrendered, cach outstanding Certificate which prior to the
Effective Time represented shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock

-4.
NC hem Mara FORE A gvbtoga v3 das
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to evidence ownership of the number of whole shares
of RIM Conumon Stock or cash into which the shares of Company Common Stock or Company
Preferred Stock have been converted but shall, subject to applicable appraisal rights under
Califomia Law, have no other rights. Subject to applicable appraisal rights under California
Law, from and after the Effective Tine, the holders of shares of Company Common Stock and
Company Preferred Stock shall cease to have any rights in respect of such shares and their rights
shall be solely in respect of RIM Common Stock or cash i::to which such shares of Company
Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock have been cunverted. From and after the Effective
Time, there shall be no further registration of transfers on the records of Company of shares of
Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stoc« outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time.

b. If any RIM Common Stock is to be issued in the name of a person other
than the person in whose name the Certificate(s) surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it
shall be a condition to the issuance cf such shares that (i) the Certificate(s) so surrendered shal!
be transferable, and shall be properly assigned, endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock
powers, (ii) such transfer shall otherwise be proper and (iii) the person requesting such transfer
shall pay RIM, or its exchange agent, any transfer or other taxes payable by reason of the
foregoing or establish to the satisfaction of RIM that such taxes have beer paid or are not
required to be paid. Notwithstending the foregoing, neither RIM nor Company shall be liable to
a holder of shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock for RIM Common
Stock issuable or cash payable to such holder pursuant to the provisions of Article 3 of the
Merger Agrecment that are delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar laws.

c. In the event any Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon
the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificates to be lost, stolen
or destroyed, RIM shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates the RIM
Common Stock issuable or cash payable in exchange therefor pursuant to the provisions of
Article 3 of the Merger Agreement. RIM may in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the
issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates to provide to
RIM an indemnity agreement or bond against any claim that may be made against RIM with
respect to the Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

9. Two Agreements. The parties to this Agreement are also parties to the Merger
Agreement. The two agreements are intended to be construed together in order to effectuate

their purposes.

H-~Chem MeanerJ-2 Ra AgeAidenger v3 dos
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Merger Sub and the Company have caused this Agreemeni to
be executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers thereunto du'y
authorized.

ATI ACQUISITION CORP.

TEREN KELLY

Tile: _ ABS ( sfawt Secueteg

ATI ACQUISITION CORP. SIGNATURE PAGE
TO AGREEMENT OF MERGER

6-

OtNCihees Ademerw-RVULD Agribtergar v3. des

SRR te ee wenn
“MAR-08-2008 WED 02:08 PH FAX NO,

ASCENDENT TELECOMMUNICATIONS INC.

By: -
Name: Deborah G. Miller
Title: President & CBO

By: \
Name: Deborah G. Miller
Title: Secretary

ASCENDENT TELECOMMUNICATION INC. SIGNATURE PAGE
TO AGREEMENT OF MERGER

7.
C98 Préuingthtege v4 jn

Pam ee eee
HAR-08-2008 WED 02:08 PM FAX NO,

ASCENDENT TELECOMMUNICATIONS INC,

Officers’ Certificate of Approval of Merger

The undersigned, Deborah G. Miller, hereby certifies that:

1. She is currently the president and secretary of Ascendent ‘c]scommunications
Inc., & corporation organized under the laws of the State of California (the “Corperation”).

2. The Agreement of Merger (the “Agreement”) in the form attached hereto was
duly approved by the Board of Directors and ahareholders of the Corpora jon.

3, The Corporation has four authorized classes of shares outstanding. The ‘otal
number of outstanding shares cf the Corporation outstanding and entitlec' ta vote upon the
Merger was 5,776,913 shares of Common Stock, 3,614,360 shares uf Serics A Preferred Stock,
10,063,333 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and 11,738,122 shares of Series B1 Preferred
Stock.

4 The principal terms of the Agreement were spproved by the shareholders of the
Corporation by the vote of a number of the shares which equaled or exceeded the vote required.
The percentage vote required was more than (i) fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock voting separately, (ii) fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Serice B1 Preferred Stock voting together,

(iii) two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series B1
Preferred Stock voting together, end (iv) fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B1 Preferred
Stock voting together, with the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B1
Preferred Stock voting oo an as converted to Common Stock basis.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the matters
sat forth in this certi are truc and correct to my own knowledge. Executed at San Jose,
Culifornia, on March 2006,

W0\s Priming vaumdam Con Agp toruger vf 1 © arty. dee

P,

0}
ATI ACQUISITION CORP.

Officers’ Certificate of Approval of Merger

The undersigned, Terence M. Kelly, hereby certifies that:

1. He is currently the vice president and assistant secretary, of ATI Acquisition
Corp., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of California (the “Corporation”).

2. The Agreement of Merger (the Agreement”) in the form attached hereto was
duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

3. The Corporation has one authorized class of shares designated Common Stock.
The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation was 60,000,000
shares.

4, The Agreement was entitled to be and was approved by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation alone under the provisions of Section 120! of the California Corporations Code
because the shareholder of the Corporation immediately prior to the mergex shal! own,
immediately after the merger, equity securities (other than warrants or rights to subscribe or
purchase equity securities of the surviving corporation) possessing more than five-sixths (5/6) of
the voting power of the surviving corporation, to wit: the shareholder of the Corporation
immediately before the merger will immediately after t1e merger own 60,000,000 of the
60,282,346 outstanding voting shares of the surviving corporation.

Each of the undersigned declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.
Executed at Palo Alto, California, on March 9, 2006.

H \Chens Menern JL REAgrHAT! Cort App Merger ¢e-
