FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED S WW -3
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
ASCENSION ORTHOPEDICS, INC.

Ascension Orthopedics, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the
Genera] Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “Corporation”), does hereby certify

that:

1. The original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of
Delaware on November 21, 1996, and was amended and restated on December 16, 1999 and

again on December 18, 2002.

2. The . Fifth. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A has been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections
242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the directors and
stockholders of the Corporation, and prompt written notice was duly given pursuant to Section
228 to those stockholders who did not approve the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation by written consent.

3. The Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation so adopted reads
in full as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto and is hereby incorporated herein by this
reference.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Ascension Orthopedics, Inc. has caused this
Certificate to be signed by the Chief Executive Officer this 21" day of October, 2005.

ASCENSION ORTHOPEDICS, INC.

C Own ~ Aaah
By:
erry Klawitter, Chief Executive Officer

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 02:22 PM 10/21/2005
FILED 02:17 PM 10/21/2005
SRV 050862175 - 2686969 FILE
EXHIBIT A

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF

ASCENSION ORTHOPEDICS, INC.
FIRST
The name of the Corporation is Ascension Orthopedics, Inc.
SECOND

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is the
Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle,
19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD

The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any
lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time (the “DGCL”).

FOURTH

A. — The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation
shall have authority to issue is 50,000,000 shares, comprised of 30,000,000 shares of Common
Stock with a par value of $.001 per share (the “Common Stock”) and 20,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock with a par value of $.001 per share (the “Preferred Stock”).

B. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
Subject to the provisions of Section D.6 hereof, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the
“Board of Directors”) is expressly authorized, within the limitations and restrictions stated in
this Certificate, to fix the number of shares in each such series and to determine or alter for each
such series, such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations,
preferences, and relative, participating, optional, or other rights and such qualifications,
limitations, or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or
resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issue of such shares and as may
be permitted by the DGCL. Subject to the provisions of Section D.6 hereof, the Board of
Directors is also expressly authorized to increase or decrease (but not below the number of
shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series subsequent to the
issue of shares of that series. In case the number of shares of any such series shall be so
decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status that they had prior to
the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series.

C. 4,911,163 shares of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby
designated “Series A Preferred Stock” (the “Series A Preferred”), 2,238,806 shares of the

4024732v.1
authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series A-1] Preferred Stock” (the
“Series A-1 Preferred”), 4,765,230 shares of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are
hereby designated “Series B Preferred Stock” (the “Series B Preferred”), and‘3;200;000 shares,
wot the.authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series C Preferred Stock”
‘(the “Series C Preferred’ *). The Series A Preferred, the Series A-l Preferred, the Series B
Preferred, and the Series C Preferred are from time to time collectively referred to herein as the
“Series Preferred.”

D. The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions and other matters relating to
the Series Preferred are as follows:

1. Dividend Rights.

(a) The holders of Series C Preferred shall be entitled to receive, out of funds
legally available therefor, dividends at an annual rate equal to 8% of the Original Series C Issue
Price (hereinafter defined) of each share of Series C Preferred, payable when, as and if declared
by the Board of Directors, in preference and priority to the payment of dividends on any shares
of stock which rank junior to the Series C Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the Series A
Preferred as to the payment of dividends, including without limitation the Common Stock and
the Series A-1 Preferred (“Series A/B Junior Stock’) (other than a dividend payable solely in
Common Stock or involving the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from terminated
employees, officers, directors, or consultants pursuant to contractual arrangements between such
persons and the Corporation approved by the vote of at least two-thirds (2/3rds) of the entire
Board of Directors). The Series C Preferred shall rank pari passu with the Series B Preferred and
the Series A Preferred with respect to the payment of dividends, treating each share of Series C
Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series A Preferred on an as if converted basis. In the event
dividends are paid to the holders of Series C Preferred that are less than the full amounts to
which such holders are entitled pursuant hereto, such holders shall share ratably in the total
amount of dividends paid according to the respective amounts due each such holder if such
dividends were paid in full. After payment of dividends to the holders of Series C Preferred,
dividends may be declared and distributed among all holders of Series A/B Junior Stock;
provided, however, that no dividend may be declared and distributed among holders of Series
A/B Junior Stock at a rate greater than the rate at which dividends are paid to the holders of
Series C Preferred based on the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of
Series C Preferred are convertible (as adjusted for stock splits and the like) on the date such
dividend is declared. The dividends payable to the holders of the Series C Preferred shall not be_
~cumiilative, 8nd, except as set forth in Section D.2 of this Article Fourth, no right shall accrue to
the holders of the Series C Preferred by reason of the fact that dividends on the Series C
Preferred are not declared or paid in any previous fiscal year of the Corporation, whether or not
the earnings of the Corporation in that previous fiscal year were sufficient to pay such dividends
in whole or in part. In the event that the Corporation shall have declared but unpaid dividends
outstanding immediately prior to, and in the event of, a conversion of Series C Preferred (as
provided in Section D.4 hercof), the Corporation shall, at the option of the Corporation, pay in
cash to the holder(s) of Series C Preferred subject to conversion the full amount of any such
dividends or allow such dividends to be converted into Common Stock in accordance with, and
pursuant to the terms specified in, Section D.4 hereof.

4024732v.1
(b) The holders of Series B Preferred shall be entitled to receive, out of funds
legally available therefor, dividends at an annual rate equal to 8% of the Original Series B Issue
Price (hereinafter defined) of each share of Series B Preferred, payable when, as and if declared
by the Board of Directors. in preference and priority to the payment of dividends on any shares
of stock which rank junior to the Series C Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the Series A
Preferred as to the payment of dividends, including without limitation the Series A/B Junior
Stock (other than a dividend payable solely in Common Stock or involving the repurchase of
shares of Common Stock from terminated employees, officers, directors, or consultants pursuant
{o contractual arrangements between such persons and the Corporation approved by the vote of
at least two-thirds (2/3rds) of the entire Board of Directors). The Series B Preferred shall rank
pari passu with the Series C Preferred and the Series A Preferred with respect to the payment of
dividends, treating each share of the Series C Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series A
Preferred on an as if converted basis. In the event dividends are paid to the holders of Series B
Preferred that are less than the full amounts to which such holders are entitled pursuant hereto,
such holders shall share ratably in the total amount of dividends paid according to the respective
amounts due each such holder if such dividends were paid in full. After payment of dividends to
the holders of Series B Preferred, dividends may be declared and distributed among all holders of
Series A/B Junior Stock; provided, however, that no dividend may be declared and distributed
among holders of Scrics A/B Junior Stock at a rate greater than the rate at which dividends are
paid to the holders of Series B Preferred based on the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such shares of Series B Preferred are convertible (as adjusted for stock splits and the like)
on the date such dividend is declared. The dividends payable to the holders of the Series B
Preferred shall not be cumulative, and, except as set forth in Section D.2 of this Article Fourth,
no right shall accrue to the holders of the Series B Preferred by reason of the fact that dividends
on the Series B Preferred are not declared or paid in any previous fiscal year of the Corporation,
whether or not the earings of the Corporation in that previous fiscal year were sufficient to pay
such dividends in whole or in part. In the event that the Corporation shall have declared but
unpaid dividends outstanding immediately prior to, and in the event of, a conversion of Series B
Preferred (as provided in Section D.4 hereof), the Corporation shall, at the option of the
Corporation, pay in cash to the holder(s) of Series B Preferred subject to conversion the full
amount of any such dividends or allow such dividends to be converted into Common Stock in
accordance with, and pursuant to the terms specified in, Section D.4 hereof.

(c) The holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive, out of funds
egally available therefor, dividends at an annual rate equal to 8% of the Original Series A Issue
Price (hereinafter defined) of each share of Series A Preferred, payable when, as and if declared
by the Board of Directors, in preference and priority to the payment of dividends on any shares
which rank junior to the Series C Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the Series A Preferred as
to the payment of dividends, including without limitation the Series A/B Junior Stock (other than
a dividend payable solely in Common Stock or involving the repurchase of shares of Common
Stock from terminated employees, officers, directors, or consultants pursuant to contractual
arrangements between such persons and the Corporation approved by the vote of at least two-
thirds (2/3rds) of the cntire Board of Directors). The Series A Preferred shall rank pari passu
with the Series C Preferred and the Series B Preferred with respect to the payment of dividends.
treating each share of Series A PreferredSeries B Preferred and Series C Preferred on an as if
converted basis. In the event dividends are paid to the holders of Series A Preferred that are less

4024732v.1
than the full amounts to which such holders are entitled pursuant hereto, such holders shall share
ratably in the total amount of dividends paid according to the respective amounts due each such
holder if such dividends were paid in full. After payment of dividends to the holders of Series A
Preferred, dividends may be declared and distributed among all holders of Series A/B Junior
Stock: provided, however, that no dividend may be declared and distributed among holders of
Series A/B Junior Stock at a rate greater than the rate at which dividends are paid to the holders
of Series A Preferred based on the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of
Series A Preferred are convertible (as adjusted for stock splits and the like) on the date such
dividend is declared. The dividends payable to the holders of the Series A Preferred shall not be
cumulative, and, except as set forth in Section D.2 of this Article Fourth, no right shall accrue to
the holders of the Series A Preferred by reason of the fact that dividends on the Series A
Preferred are not declared or paid in any previous fiscal year of the Corporation, whether or not
the earnings of the Corporation in that previous fiscal year were sufficient to pay such dividends
in whole or in part. In the event that the Corporation shall have declared but unpaid dividends
outstanding immediately prior to, and in the event of, a conversion of Series A Preferred (as
provided in Section D.4 hereof), the Corporation shall, at the option of the Corporation, pay in
cash to the holder(s) of Series A Preferred subject to conversion the full amount of any such
dividends or allow such dividends to be converted into Common Stock in accordance with, and
pursuant tu the terms specified in, Section D.4 hereof.

(d) The holders of the Series A-1 Preferred shall be entitled to receive
dividends to the same extent and at the same time as Common Stock of this Corporation only
when, as and if declared and paid on the Common Stock, on parity with the Common Stock and
without any preference or priority over the Common Stock.

2. Liquidation Preferences.

(a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or not, or the consummation of an Organic Transaction (as
defined below) (each a “Liquidation Event”), distributions to the stockholders of the
Corporation shall be made in the following manner:

(i) Each holder of Series C Preferred shall-be entitled to receive, prior,

sand in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or. surplus furids_ of: the
"Corporation to _the- holders of Series A/B Junior Stock, by.reason of their ownership of

such stock, the. amount of $1.68 per share-(as adjusted for combinations, consolidations,

~ subdivisions. or stock splits with respect to such shares) (the "Original Series C Issue
“Price)' for each share of Series C Preferred then held by such holder, plus an amounts
“equal to 8% of the Original Series C Issue Price per annum _from.the date of issuance.of ,
‘such share to the date of distribution by the Corporation (collectively, the “Series C

~ Prefer ence”).

(ii) Each holder of Series B Preferred shall be entitled to receive, prior
and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the holders of Series A/B Junior Stock, by reason of their ownership of
such stock, the amount of $1.34 per share (as adjusted for combinations, consolidations,

4024732v.1
subdivisions, or stock splits with respect to such shares) (the "Original Series B Issue
Price} for each share of Series B Preferred then held by such holder, plus an amount
equal to 8% of the Original Series B Issue Price per annum from the date of issuance of
such share to the date of distribution by the Corporation (collectively, the ‘Series B
Preference”).

(iii) Each holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive, prior
and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the holders of Series A/B Junior Stock, by reason of their ownership of
such stock, the amount of $1.72. per-share (as adjusted for combinations, consolidations,
subdivisions, or stock splits with respect to such shares) (the "Original Series A Issue
Price)’ for each share of Series A Preferred then held by such holder, plus an amount
equal to 8% of the Original Series A Issue Price per annum from the date of issuance of
such share to the date of distribution by the Corporation (collectively, the "Series A
Preference”).

(iv) The-Series-C: Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the Series A
Preferred: shall“rank pari passu with each other with respect.to. any distributions m
connection with or following a Liquidation Event, ‘treating each-on an as ‘if converted
basis. If, upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the assets and funds available to be
distributed among the holders of the Series C Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the
Series A Preferred shal] be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
Series C Preference, Series B Preference and Series A Preference, then the entire assets
and funds of the Corporation legally available for distnibution to such holders shall be
distributed ratably based on the total preferential amount due each such holder under this
Section D.2(a)(i), Section D.2(a)(ii) and Section D,2(a)(iii).

(v) Each holder of Series A-1 Preferred shall be entitled to receive,
after payment of the Series C Preference, the Series B Preference, the Series A
Preference, and prior in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus
funds of the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock, by reason of their
ownership of such stock, the amount of $1.34 per share (as adjusted for combinations,
consolidations, subdivisions, or stock splits with respect to such shares) (the “Original
Series A-1 Issue Price’) for each share of Series A-1 Preferred then held by such holder
(collectively the “Series A-1 Preference”). If, upon the occurrence of a Liquidation
Event, the assets and funds available to be distributed among the holders of the Series A-
1 Preferred shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full Series
A-1 Preference, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for
distribution to such holders shall be distributed ratably based upon the total preferential
amount due to each such holder under this Section D.2(a)(iv).

(vi) Each holder of Series C Preferred, each holder of Series B
Preferred, each holder of Series A Preferred and each holder of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, after the payment of the Series C Preference, the Series B Preference,
the Series A Preference and the Series A-l Preference, and prior in preference to any
additional distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation, by reason
of their ownership of such stock, the amount of $1.34 per share (which amount (1) shall
be adjusted for combinations, consolidations, subdivisions, or stock splits with respect to
such shares, (2) shall be calculated per share of Series C Preferred, Series B Preferred and
Series A Preferred on an as converted basis and (3) shall be calculated without regard to
the prior payment of the Series C Preference, the Series B Preference or the Series A
Preference) for each share of Series C Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series A Preferred
and Common Stock then held by such holder (collectively the “Third Tier
Distribution”). If, upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the assets and funds
available to be distributed among the holders of the Series C Preferred, the Series B
Preferred, the Series A Preferred and the Common Stock shall be insufficient to permit
the payment to such holders of the full Third Tier Distribution, then the entire assets and
funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution to such holders shall be
distributed ratably, based upon the total preferential amount due to each such holder
under this Section D.2(aXv). Without the consent of the holders of the Series A-|
Preferred, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to create one
or more series of preferred stock having preferences and priorities over the Serics A-1
Preferred after the distribution of the Series A-1 Preference. In no event shall the Third
Tier Distribution be considered a preference or priority of the Series A Preferred, the
Serics B Preferred or the Series C Preferred.

(vii) After payment of the Third Tier Distribution, the remaining assets
of the Corporation available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributed ratably
among the holders of Common Stock and the Series Preferred on an as converted basis,

(b) Each holder of Series Preferred shall be deemed to have consented to
distributions made by the Corporation in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common
Stock issued to or held by officers, directors, or employees of, or consultants to, the Corporation
or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements
between such persons and the Corporation approved by the vote of at least two-thirds (2/3rds) of
the entire Board of Directors providing for the right of said repurchase between the Corporation
and such persons.

(c) The value of securities and property paid or distributed pursuant to this
Section D.2 shall be computed at fair market value at the time of payment to the Corporation or
at the time made available to stockholders, all as determined by the Board of Directors in the
good faith exercise of its reasonable business judgment, provided that (i) if such securities are
listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, their fair market value
shall be the closing sales price for such securities as quoted on such system or exchange (or the
largest such exchange) for the date the value is to be determined (or if there are no sales for such
date, then for the last preceding business day on which there were sales), as reported in the Wall
Street Journal or similar publication, and (ii) if such securities are regularly quoted by a
recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, their fair market value shall be the
mean hetween the high bid and low asked prices for such securities on the date the value is to be
determined (or if there are no quoted prices for such date, then for the last preceding business
day on which there were quoted prices).

4024732v.1
(d) Nothing hereinabove set forth shall affect in any way the right of each
holder of Series Preferred to convert such shares at any time and from time to time into Common
Stock in accordance with Section D.4 hereof.

(e) The term “Organic Transaction” means:

(i) any person or persons acting together in a way which would
constitute a “group” for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) (other than any person or group which includes
any stockholder of the Corporation on the date hereof (each a “Stockholder”) or any
Affiliates (as defined below) thereof), beneficially own (as defined im Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, securities of the Corporation representing
greater than 50% of the total combined voting power of the Corporation entitled to vote
in the election of the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(ti) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Corporation
with or into another entity or any other corporate reorganization, if persons who were not
stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other
reorganization own immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization
50% or more of the voting power of the outstanding securities of each of (i) the
continuing or suriving entity and (ii) any direct or indirect parent corporation of such
continuing or surviving entity; or

(iii) ‘the consummation of the sale or other disposition (in one
transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to one or more persons or groups (as
defined above).

(f) The term “Affiliate” means (i) in the case of an entity, any person or
entity who or which, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls or is
controlled by, or is under common control with, any specified person or entity, where the term
“control.” “controls” or “controlled” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
to cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether through the
ownership of voting interests or voting securities, as the case may be, by contract or otherwise or
(ii) in the case of an individual, such individual’s spouse, children, grandchildren or parents or a
trust primarily for the benefit of any of the foregoing.

3. Voting Rights.

(a) Except as otherwise required by law or hereunder, the holder of each share
of Common Stock issued and outstanding, shall have one vote per share and the holder of each
share of Series Preferred shall be entitled to the number of votes per share equal to the number of
shares of Common Stock into which such share of Series Preferred could be converted at the
record date for determination of the stockholders entitled to vote on such matters, or, if no such
record date is established, at the date such vote is taken or any written consent of stockholders is
solicited. such votes to be counted together with all other shares of stock of the Corporation
having general voting power and not separately as a class. Fractional votes by the holders of

4024732v. 1
Series Preferred shail not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights shal] (after
aggregating all shares into which shares of Series Preferred held by each holder could be
converted) be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).
Holders of Common Stock and Series Preferred shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation.

(b) The Corporation’s Board of Directors shall consist of five (5) members.
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a), at each annual or special meeting called for the
purpose of electing directors:

{i) the holders of Series A Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board of Directors;

(ii) the holders of the Series B Preferred, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board of Directors;

(iii) the holders of the Series C Preferred, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board of Directors; and

(iv) the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred and the Common Stock,
voting together as a separate class and on an as converted basis, shall be entitled to elect
two (2) members of the Board of Directors.

The provisions of this Section D.3(b) shall expire and he of no further force or
effect upon conversion of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred, Series B Preferred and
Series A Preferred into Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of Section D.4 hereof. In the
case of any vacancy in the office of a director elected by a specified group of stockholders, a
successor shall be elected to hold office for the unexpired term of such director by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of such specified group given at a special meeting of
such stockholders duly called or by an action by written consent for that purpose. Any director
who shall have been elected by a specified group of stockholders may be removed during the
aforesaid term of office, either for or without cause, by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of such specified group, given at a special meeting of such
stockholders duly called or by an action by written consent for that purpose, and any such
vacancy thereby created, may be filled by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of
such specified group represented at such meeting or in such consent.

4, Conversion Rights.
The holders of Series Preferred shall have conversion nghts as follows:

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series Preferred shall be cunvertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office
of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such Series Preferred.

(i) Series C Preferred. Each share of Series C Preferred shall be
convertible into such number of fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock

4024732v.l
as is determined by dividing the Original Series C Issue Price by the then applicable
Series C Conversion Price for such Series C Preferred, determined as hereinafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion. As of the date of filing of this Fourth
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the price at which shares of Common
Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred is $1.68 per share
(the “Series C Conversion Price”). The Series C Conversion Price shall be subject to
adjustment as provided in accordance with Section D.4(d) of this Article Fourth.

(ii) Series B Preferred. Each share of Series B Preferred shall be
convertible into such number of fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
as is determined by dividing the Original Series B Issue Price by the then applicable
Series B Conversion Price for such Series B Preferred, determined as hereinafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion. As of the date of filing of this Fourth
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. the price at which shares of Common
Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred is $1.34 per share
(the “Series B Conversion Price”). The Series B Conversion Price shall be subject to
adjustment as provided in accordance with Section D.4(d) of this Article Fourth.

(ii) Series A Preferred) Each share of Series A Preferred shall be
convertible into such number of fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
as is determined by dividing the Original Series A Issue Price by the then applicable
Series A Conversion Price for such Series A Preferred, determined as hereinafter
provided. in effect at the time of conversion. As of the date of filing of this Fourth
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the price at which shares of Common
Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred is $1.34 per share
(the “Series A Conversion Price”). The Series A Conversion Price shall be subject to
adjustment as provided in accordance with Section D.4(d) of this Article Fourth.

(iv) Series A-] Preferred. Each share of Series A-] Preferred shall be
convertible into such number of fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
as is determined by dividing the Original Series A-1 Issue Price by the then applicable
Series A-1 Conversion Price for such Series A-1 Preferred, determined as hereinafter
provided, in effect at the time of conversion. As of the date of filing of this Fourth
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the price at which shares of Common
Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred is $1.34 per share
(the “Series A-1 Conversion Price”). The Series A-] Conversion Price shall be subject
to adjustment as provided in accordance with Section D.4(d) of this Article Fourth. As
the context requires. each of the Series B Conversion Price, the Series A Conversion
Price and the Series A-1 Conversion Price are sometimes referred to herein as the
“Conversion Price.”

(b) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series Preferred shall automatically be converted
into shares of Common Stock at the then effective applicable Conversion Price upon the
closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective

S0L473 2.1
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer
and sale of Common Stock for the account of the Corporation to the public with
aggregate proceeds to the Corporation in excess of $25,000,000 (before deduction for
underwriters commissions and expenses) and a per share price not less than $3.50 per
share (appropriately adjusted for any stock combination, stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization, or other similar transaction) (an “IPO Automatic Conversion”). In the
event of an IPO Automatic Conversion of the Series Preferred, the person(s) entitled to
teceive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of such Series Preferred shall
not be deemed to have converted such Series Preferred until immediately prior to the
closing of such sale of securities.

(ii) Each share of Series C Preferred, each share of Series B Preferred
and each share of Series A Preferred shall automatically be converted into shares of
Common Stock at the then effective applicable Conversion Price upon the affirmative
vote or written consent of (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred,
voting as a separate class, (ii) a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred,
voting as a separate class, and (iii) a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred, voting as a separate class (a "Series Vote Automatic Conversion").

(iii) As the context requires, each of a Series Vote Automatic
Conversion and an IPO Automatic Conversion are sometimes referred to herein as an
“Automatic Conversion”.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of Series Preferred. In teu of any fractional shares to which the
holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equa] to such fraction
multiplied by the applicable Conversion Price. Before any holder of Series Preferred shall he
entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor,
such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of
the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Series Preferred, and shall give written notice to
the Corporation at such office that he or she elects to convert the same; provided, however, that
in the event of an Automatic Conversion, the outstanding shares of Series Preferred shall be
converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or
not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent, and provided further that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion unless the
certificates cvidencing such shares of Series Preferred are either delivered to the Corporation or
its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent
that such certificates have becn lost, stolen, or destroyed and executes an agreement satistactory
to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with
such certificates. The Corporation shall. as soon as practicable after such delivery. or such
agreement and indemnification in the case of a lost certificate, issue and deliver at such office to
such holder of Series Preferred, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common
Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the
amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of
Common Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the

$024752v.1
close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Series Preferred to be converted,
or in the case of Automatic Conversion, on the date of closing of the offering (in the case of an
IPO Automatic Conversion), or the date set forth in the resolution relating to the Automatic
Conversion approved by the requisite affirmative vote or written consent (in the case of a Series
Vote Automatic Conversion), and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
bolder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price.

(i) Adjustments for Dividends, Splits, Subdivisions,
Combinations, or Consolidation of Common Stock In the event the outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be increased by stock dividend payable in Common Stock,
stock split, subdivision, or other similar transaction occurring after the filing of this
Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation into a greater number of
shares of Common Stock, the applicable Conversion Price for each series of Series
Preferred then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, be
decreased in proportion to the percentage increase in the outstanding number of shares of
Common Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be decreased
by reverse stock split, combination, consolidation, or other similar transaction occurring
after the filing of this Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation into a
lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the applicable Conversion Price for each
series of Series Preferred then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such
event, be increased in proportion to the percentage decrease in the outstanding number of
shares of Common Stock.

(ii) Adjustments for Other Distributions. [n the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time makes, or fixes a record date for the
determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, any distribution payable
in securities, cash, evidences of indebtedness or other assets (excluding regular cash
dividends or distributions paid from retained earnings of the Corporation and dividends
or distributions referred to in Sections D.4(d)(i) hereof) of the Corporation other than
shares of Common Stock and other than as otherwise adjusted in this Section D.4, then
and in each such event provision shall be made so that the holders of Series Preferred
shall receive upon conversion thereof, in addition to the number of shares of Common
Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the Corporation which they
would have received had their Series Preferred been converted into Common Stock on
the date of such event and had they thereafter, during the period from the date of such
event to and including the date of conversion, retained such securities receivable by them
as aforesaid during such period, subject to all other adjustments called for during such
period under this Section 4 with respect to the nghts of the holders of the Series
Preferred.

(iii) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution.

If the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series Preferred shall be changed
into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock,

4024 732v.1
whether by capital reorganization, reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision
or combination of shares provided for above), the applicable Conversion Price for each
series of Series Preferred then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such
reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted such that the Series
Preferred shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of Comman Stock
which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of
such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of such Series
Preferred immediately before that change.

(iv) Adjustments on Issuance of Additional Stock. If the
Corporation shall issue "Additional Stock" (as defined below) for consideration per share
less than the applicable Conversion Price for the Series C Preferred, the Series B
Preferred or the Series A Preferred, as applicable, in effect on the date and immediately
prior to such issue, then and in such event, such applicable Conversion Price shall be
teduced concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to three decimal places)
determined by multiplying such applicable Conversion Price by a fraction (i) the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding ©
immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the -
aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of shares of
Additional Stock so issued (or deemed to be issued) would purchase at such Conversion
Price; and (ii) the denominator of which shal] be the number of shares of Common Stock -
outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares of Additional
Stock so issued; provided’ ihat for purposes of this Section D.4(d)(iv), all shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding Series Preferred and all
shares. of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options shall be
deemed to be Common Stock outstanding. For purposes of this Section D.4(d)(iv),
“Additional Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation
after the date on which the first share of Series A Preferred was issued (the “Series A
Original Issue Date”) other than (A) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable at any
time (a) upon conversion of the Series Preferred; (b) up to 3,814,000 shares of Common
Stock (subject to adjustment for all subdivisions, combinations, stock dividends,
recapitalizations and the like) issued or issuable after the date on which the first share of
Series A Preferred was issued upon exercise of options outstanding or subsequently
granted to officers, directors, and employees of, and consultants to, the Corporation as
designated and approved by the Board of Directors; (c) as a dividend or distribution with
respect to the Series A Preferred, the Series B Preferred and the Series C Preferred; (d) in
connection with equipment leasing or bank financing transactions or acquisitions or
settlements of disputed amounts unanimously approved by the Corporation’s Board of
Directors; (e) in an offering of Common Stock to the public generally pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (f) in
connection with the Corporation's agreement with Dr. Jerry C. Griffin dated June 15,
1999 and amended on August 15, 1999; or (g) upon conversion of the shares of Senes B
Preferred issued upon the exercise of warrants issued to Frazier Healthcare III. L.P..
Frazier Affiliates III, L.P. and The Brown Foundation on or prior to the date of filing this
Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (collectively, “Exempt

$024732v.1
Issuances’”); or (B) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable and otherwise described
in subparagraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section D.4(d).

(v) Calculation of Cousideration. For the purpose of making any
adjustment in a Conversion Price as provided in this Section D.4(d), the consideration
teceived by the Corporation for any issue or sale of Common Stock will be computed:

(1) to the extent it consists of cash, as the amount of cash
received by the Corporation before deduction of any offering expenses payable by
the Corporation and any underwriting or similar commissions, compensation, or
concessions paid or allowed by the Corporation in connection with such issue or
sale;

(2) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, at the
fair market value of that property as determined in good faith by the consent of
two-thirds (2/3) the Corporation's entire Board of Directors; provided, that to the
extent the Board of Directors is unable to determine the value of any such
property, the value of such property shall be determined at the Company’s
expense by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm selected
by the vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors; and

(3) if Common Stock is issued or sold together with other stock
or securities or other assets of the Corporation for a consideration which covers
both, as the portion of the consideration so received that may be reasonably
determined in good faith by the consent of two-thirds (2/3) of the Corporation’s
entire Board of Directors to be allocable to such Common Stock; provided, that to
the extent the Board of Directors is unable to determine the portion of
consideration to be allocable to such Common Stock, such portion shall be
determined at the Company’s expense by a nationally recognized independent
investment banking firm selected by the vote of a majority of the entire Board of
Directors.

(vi) Adjustments for Options and Convertible Securities.

If the Corporation (1) grants any options, warrants or other nights to
subscribe for, purchase, or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock, or (2) issues or
sells any security convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock, then, in
each ease, the price per share of Common Stock issuable on the exercise of the options,
warrants or other rights or the conversion or exchange of the securities will be determined
by dividing the total amount. if any, received or receivable by the Corporation as
consideration for the granting of the options, warrants or other rights or the issue or sale
of the convertible or exchangeable securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of
additional consideration payable to the Corporation on exercise, conversion or exchange
of the securities, by the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable on the
exercise, conversion or exchange. Such granting or issue or sale will be considered to be
an issue or sale for cash of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
exercise, conversion or exchange at the price per share determined under this subsection,

$024732v.1
and each applicable Conversion Price will be adjusted as above provided to reflect (on
the basis of that determination) the issue or sale, unless such issue or sale is excluded
from the definition of "Additional Stock" set forth in Section D.4(d}{iv) above in which
case no adjustments will be made. No further adjustment of such Conversion Price will
be made as a result of the actual issuance of shares of Common Stock on the exercise of
any such options, warrants or other rights or the conversion or exchange of any such
convertible securities.

Upon the redemption or repurchase of any such securities or the expiration
or termination of the right to convert into, exchange for, or exercise with respect to,
Common Stock, each applicable Conversion Price if adjusted pursuant to the prior
paragraph will be readjusted to such price as would have been obtained had the
adjustment made upon their issuance been made upon the basis of the issuance of only
the number of such securities as were actually converted into, exchanged for, or exercised
with respect to, Common Stock. If the purchase price or conversion or exchange rate
provided for in any such security changes at any time, then, upon such change becoming
effective, each applicable Conversion Price then in effect if adjusted pursuant to the prior
paragraph will be readjusted forthwith to such price as would have been obtained had the
adjustment made upon the issuance of such securitics been made upon the basis of (1) the
issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock theretofore actually delivered
upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of such securities, and the total consideration
received therefor, and (2) the granting or issuance, at the time of such change, of any
such securties then still outstanding for the consideration, if any, received by the
Corporation therefor and to be received on the basis of such changed price or rate.

(e) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities. or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section D.4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Series Preferred against
impairment.

(f) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment
or readjustment of any Conversion Price pursuant to this Section D.4, the Corporation at its
expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and furnish to each holder of such series of Series Preferred a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request of any holder of Serics
Preferred, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (1) such
adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Series
Preferred at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount.
if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of such series
of Series Preferred.

4024732v.]
(g) Notices of Record Date. In the event that this Corporation shall propose
at any time:

(i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock,
whether m cash, property. stock, or other securities, whether or not a regular cash
dividend and whether or not out of earnings or earned surplus;

(ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or
series of its stock anv additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights;

(iii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common
Stock outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock;

(iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, sell,
lease, or convey all or substantially all its property or business, or to liquidate, dissolve,
or wind up: or

(v) any other event described in Section D.4(d) which could give rise
to an adjustment of any Conversion Price,

then, in connection with each such event, this Corporation shall send to the holders of the Series
Preferred:

(1) at least 20 days’ prior written notice of the date on which a
record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights (and
specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled
thereto) or for determining rights to vote in respect of the matters referred to in
(iii) and (iv) above; and

(2) in the case of the matters referred to in (iii), (iv) and (v)
above, at least 20 days' prior written notice of the date when the same shall take
place (and with respect to items (iii) and (iv), specifying the date on which the
holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for
securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event or the
record date for the determination of such holders if such record date is carlier).

Each such written notice shall be delivered personally or given by first
class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of the Series Preferred at the address for
each such holder as shown on the books of this Corporation.

(h) Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and al] issue and other taxes
(other than income taxes) that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of
Common Stock on conversion of shares of Series Preferred pursuant hereto; provided, however.
that the Corporation shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer
requested by any holder in connection with any such conversion.

4024732v.1
(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall
at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series Preferred
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of Series Preferred, including, without limitation, shares of
Series Preferred underlying outstanding warrants; and if at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of Series Preferred, including, without limitation, shares of Series Preferred
underlying outstanding warrants, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the
opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose. including, without
limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary
amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation.

Q) Status of Converted Stock. In case any series of Series Preferred shall be
converted pursuant to this Section D.4, the shares so converted shall resume the status of
authorized but unissued shares of Series Preferred undesignated as to series.

5. ‘Redemption Rights,

The Series A Preferred, the Series A-1 Preferred, the Series B Preferred Stock and
the Series C Preferred Stock shall each be nonredeemable.

6. Covenants.

In addition to any other rights provided by law, so long as any of the Series C
Preferred, the Series B Preferred or Series A Preferred are outstanding, this Corporation shall
not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of (i) a majority
of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred, voting as a separate class, (ii) a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred, voting as a separate class, and (iii) a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred, voting as a separate class:

(a) consummate or enter into an agreement with respect to an Organic
Transaction:

(b) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or grant, create or permit the
imposition of any lien, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon any of the assets or
properties of the Corporation or any subsidiary or guaranty or provide surety for the obligations
of any third party, other than (i) ordinary course trade payables, (ii) financings of budgeted
capital expenditures reflected in annual budgets approved by the vote of at least two-thirds
(2/3rds) of the entire Board of Directors and (iii) aggregate indebtedness for borrowed money not
to exceed $500,000;

(c) amend or modify (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or (ti) documentation relating to indebtedness for borrowed
money of the Corporation or any subsidiary, other than indebtedness permitted under clause (b)
above;

4024732v.1
(d) make any payment on account of, or set aside any assets for a sinking or
other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition
of any equity interest of the Corporation or any subsidiary, except redemptions from officers,
directors, employees or consultants to the Corporation upon termination of their employment or
association with the Corporation pursuant to agreements between such persons and the
Corporation approved by the vote of at least two-thirds (2/3rds) of the entire Board of Directors;

(e) voluntarily liquidate, wind-up, dissolve or commence any bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, debt arrangement or other case or proceeding under any bankmiptcy
or insolvency law or make a general assignment for the benetit of creditors;

( make any investment in one or more persons or entities in excess of
$50,000 individually or $100,000 in the aggregate;

(g) change the line of business of the Corporation or any subsidiary;

(h) increase the size of the Board of Directors of the Corporation beyond five
(S) directors;

(i) authorize, issue or agree to issue any securities of the Corporation or any
subsidiary (including shares of stock or other equity securites and bonds, debentures, notes or
other obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or having option nights to purchase, any
shares of stock), other than Exempt Issuances; or

(j) pay or make any dividends or distributions on account of any equity
sccuritics of the Corporation or any subsidiary, other than distributions by subsidiaries of the
Corporation to the Corporation and/or distributions in respect of the Series C Preferred, the
Series B Preferred and the Series A Preferred.

In addition to any other nights provided by law, so long as any of the shares of
Series C Preferred, Series B Preferred or Series A Preferred are outstanding, this Corporation
shall not (and shall not permit its subsidiaries to), without first obtaining the affirmative vote or
written consent of at least two-thirds (2/3rds) of the entire Board of Directors, do or commit to
do any of the following:

(x) enter into any transaction between or among the Corporation and/or any
subsidiary. on the one hand, and any of their respective equity owners, directors, officers,
employees or affiliates, on the other hand; provided, however, that nothing in this clause (x) shall
be deemed to prohibit transactions between the Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
(or between such subsidiaries);

(y) other than as approved by the Board of Directors prior to September 30.
2002, adopt any equity based or phantom incentive plan or program for the Corporation or any
subsidiary.

In addition to any other rights provided by law, so long as any of the shares of
Series C Preferred, Series B Preferred or Series A Preferred are outstanding. this Corporation

4024732v.1
shall not terminate the Chief Executive Officer without cause, unless approved by the unanimous
consent of the entire Board of Directors.

7. Residual Rights.

All nghts accruing to the outstanding shares of the Corporation not expressly
provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested in the Common Stock.

FIFTH

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed on the
Common Stock are as set forth below in this Article FIFTH.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock at
the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall
be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of this
Corporation legally available therefor, any dividends as may be declared from time to time by
the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this
Corporation. the assets of this Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section D.2 of
Article FOURTH hereof.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock shall be nonredeemable.

4, Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the right
to one vote for each such share, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of this Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law. The number of authorized shares of Common
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares theieof then
outstanding or reserved for issuance) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
Common Stock, Series A-1 Preferred, Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred and the Series C
Preferred then outstanding, voting together as a single class on an as converted basis, irrespective
of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL.

SIXTH
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
SEVENTH

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the
State of Delaware:

1. Board Authority. The board of directors of the Corporation is expressly
authorized:

4024732.)
wy

(a) To makc, alter or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation.

(b) To authorize and cause to be executed mortgages and liens upon the real
and personal property of the Corporation.

{c) To set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for
dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and to abolish any such reserve in the
manner in which it was created.

(d) By a majority of the whole board, to designate one or more committees,
each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may
designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any
absent or disqualified member of any committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in
the resolution of the board of directors, or in the bylaws of the Corporation, shall have and may
exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business
and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all
papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in
reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation adopting an agreement of merger or
consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the DGCL, recommending to the stockholders the
sale, lease or exchange, of all or substantially all of the corporation's property and assets,
recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a
dissolution, or amending the bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the resolution or bylaws
expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend,
to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to
Section 253 of the DGCL.

(e) When and as authorized by the stockholders in accordance with statute, to
sell, lease or exchange all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Corporation,
including its good will and its corporate franchises, upon such terms and conditions and for such
consideration, which may consist in whole or in part of money or property including shares of
stock in, and/or other securities of, any other corporation or corporations, as its board of directors
shall deem expedient and for the best interests of the Corporation.

2, Election of Directors. The election of directors need not be by written ballot
unless the bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.

3. Corporate Records. The books of the Corporation may be kept at such place
within or without the State of Delaware as the bylaws of the Corporation may provide or as may
be designated from time to time by the board of directors of the Corporation.

EIGHTH

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this Corporation
and its creditors or any class of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or any
class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the
application in a summary way of this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on
the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of

4024732v.1
Section 29! of the DGCL or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or
teceivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of the DGCL, order
a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders
of this Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs.
If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors,
and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, agree
to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of this Corporation as consequence
of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said
reorganization shall. if sanctioned by the court to which the said application has been made, be
binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class of
stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may be, and also on this Corporation.

NINTH

A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or
its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for
liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders,
(ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the
director derived any improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is amended hereafter to authorize
corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the
liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by the DGCL, as so amended.

Any repeal or modification of the foregoing paragraph by the stockholders of the
Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation
existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

TENTH

The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in
this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all]
tights conferred upon a stockholder herein are granted subject to this reservation.

4024732v.1
