04/25/2006 12:03 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI

@ 006/027

‘FILED ©!
2 ”) 7.9 SCO in the office of the Secretary of Statc

of the State of California
APR 27 2006

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF ASPECTRICS, INC.

Paul H. Salsgiver, Jr. and Walter Harrower hereby certify that:

L. Paul H. Salsgiver, Jr. is the President and Walter Harrower is the Secretary, of
Aspectrics, Inc., a California corporation.

2. The Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the corporation,
as amended to the date of the filing of this certificate, including amendments set forth herein but
not separately filed (and with the omissions required by Section 910 of the California
Corporations Codec), are amended and restated in their entirety as set forth in Exhibit “1”
attached hereto and made a part hereof by this reference.

3. The Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation set forth herein have
been duly approved by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

4. The Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation set forth herein (other
than omissions required by Section 910 of the Corporations Code) have been duly approved by
the required vote of the shareholders of the corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903
of the California Corporations Code. The corporation has two classes of stock, Common Stock
and Preferred Stock. The number of outstanding shares is Eleven Million Five Hundred Twenty
Thousand Eight Hundred and Six (11,520,806) shares of Common Stuck, Four Million
(4,000,000) shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Twelve Million Four Hundred Eighty-Seven
Thousanc Seven Hundred Twenty-Nine (12.487,729) shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The
Series A Preferred Siock and Series B Preferred Stock are collectively referred to as the
Preferred Stock.” The number of shares of Common Stock voting in favor of the Third
Amended and Restated Articles of incorporation was 10,490,054. The number of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock voting in favor of the Third Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation was 4,000,000. The number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock voting in favor
of the Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation was 12,166,097. The number of
shares voting in favor of the Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation set forth
herein equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was more than 50%
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock voting together as authorized
under Section 6.5.3 of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.

In addition, the number of shares of Series A preferred Stock voting in favor of the Third
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation set forth therein equaled or exceeded the vote
required. The percentage vote required was more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, as required by Corp. Cude $ 903. subdiv. (a) and (b).

‘StA PTSD USVEL 413937-17
04/25/2006 12:94 FAX 40873948641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI 007/027

In addition, the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock voting in favor of the Third
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation set forth herein equaled or exceeded the vote
required. The percentage vote required was more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, as set forth under Section 6.7.1 of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation.

Finally, the number of shares of Preferred Stock voting in favor of the Third Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation set forth herein equaled or exceeded the vote required.
The percentage vote required wus more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
voting together as set forth unde: Section 6.7 of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation.

[Signature page to follow}

shoe Cstan bd 4bUST-17

tw
04/25/2006 12:04 FAX

4087394641

MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI 008/027

We fartier dechire under penalty of perjury under (he laws of the State ef California that
the matiers set focth in this certificate are truce and correct of my own knowledge.

Lateds April 25. 2006

feactaitans Sere

te

Nor

Wee Start oS gant Agtigdes

"

Va i ay !
ones L4G fii ee 6 ES

Paul UL Salspivgr President

Walter TMarrawer, Secreta: y

Stee fae
04/25/2006 12:04 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI.LEW & TAMAKI 009/027

EXHIBIT “1”

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF ASPECTRICS, INC.

ARTICLE 1
The name of the corporation is Aspectrics, Inc.
ARTICLE 2

The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE 3

The liability of the directors of the corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent permissible under California law. Unless applicable law otherwise provides,
any amendment, repeal or modification of this ARTICLE 3 shall not adversely affect any right or
protection of a director under this ARTICLE 3 that existed at or prior to the time of such
amendment, repeal or modification.

ARTICLE 4

The corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through bylaw provisions, by agreements with
agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of the
indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject
only to the applicable limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the
California Corpurations Code. Unless applicable law otherwise provides, any amendment,
repeal or modification of any provision of this ARTICLE 4 shall not adversely affect any
contract or other right to indemnification of an agent of the corporation that existed at or prior to
the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

ARTICLE §
5.1 This corporation 1s authorized to issue two classes of shares. designated

“Common Stock” and “Preterred Stock,” respectively. The number of shares of Common Stock
authorized to be issued is Seventy Million (70,000,000). The number of shares of Preferred

wh A PTS KOA D1 ops tat etl,
vere same meee:

Stock authorized to be issued is Forty-Three Million and Thirty-Eight Thcusand Seventy-One
(43,038,071) shares of Preferred Stock.

5.2 Upon filing of these Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation: (a)
the existing shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company shall be immediately converted
on a one-to-1.125 basis into shares of Serics A-1 Preferred Stock; and (b) the existing shares of
Series B Preferred Stock of the Company shall be immediately converted on a one-to-one basis
into shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock; and

5.3 Four Million Five Hundred Thousand (4,500,000) shares of Preferred Stock are
designated as “Series A-1 Preferred Stock.” Twelve Million Five Hundred Thirty-Eight
Thousand Seventy-One (12,538,071) shares of Preferred Stoch: are designated as “Series A-2
Preferred Stock.” Eighteen Million (18,000,000) shares of Prevcired Stock are designated as
“Series B-1 Preferred Stock” and Eight Million (8,000,000) shares of Preferred Steck are
designated as “Series B-2 Preferred Stock” and unless the context requires otherwise the Scries
B-1 Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock shall be collectively referred to herein as the
”Series B Preferred Stock.”

ARTICLE 6

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed on the
Preferred Stuck and the Common Stock are as follows:

6.1 _ Definitions. For purposes of this ARTICLE 6, the following additional
definitions apply:

6.1.1. “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.
6.1.2 “Company” shall mean this corporation.
6.1.3 “Common Stock” shall mean the Common Stock of the Company.

6.1.4 “Dividend Rate” shall mean $0.03555 per share per annum with respect to
the Series A-] Preferred Stock, $0.0286 per share per annum with respect to the Series A-2
Preferred Stock, $0.0276 per share per annum with respect to the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and
$0.0286 per share per annum with respect to the Series B-2 Preferred Stock (each as adjusted for
any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like).

6.1.5 “Issue Dates” shall mean the respective initia! date(s) on which the shares
of each series of Preferred Stock were issued by the Company; provided, however, all shares of
Series B-2 Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have been issued on the initial date on which the
shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock were issued.

6.1.6 “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.444444 per share for the Series A-1
Preferred Stock, $0.357551 per share for the Series A-2 Preferred Stock, $0.34520 for the Series
B-1 Preferred Stock and $0.357551 per share for the Series B-2 Preferred Stock (each as adjusted
for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like), except as it relates to Section
6.6 heres f.

2
SBA 17592651 4133717)

"04/25/2006 12:04 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI 011/027

6.1.7 “Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A-! Preferred Stock. the Series
A-2 Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock collectively.

6.1.8 “Series A-] Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A-1 Preferred Stock
of the Company.

6.1.9 “Series A-2 Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A-2 Preferred Stock
of the Company.

6.1.10 “Series B Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and
the Series B-2 Preferred Stock, collectively as a single class.

6.1.11 “Series B-J Preferred Stock” shall mcan the Series B-1 Preferred Stock
of the Company.

6.1.12 “Series B-2 Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series B-2 Preferred Stock
of the Company.

6.1.13 “Subsidiary” shall mean any corporation which is contrelled by or under
the common control of the Company .

6.1.14 “Transfer of Control” shall mean any transaction or series of
transactions, other than equity financings, where persons other than the holders of the
Company’s capital stock prior to the transaction become the beneficial owners of capital stock of
the Company or any parent thereof representing 50% or more of the voting power of the
Company’s or parent’s, as applicable, capital stock after the transaction.

6.2 Dividend Rights.

6.2.1 Preferred Stock Dividend Preference. The holders of the then
cutstanding Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board
and subject to Section 6.7.5, out of any funds and assets of the Company legally available
therefor, noncumulative cash dividends at the applicable annual Dividend Rate for such sevies of
Preferred Stock, prior and in preference to the payment of any dividends on the Common Stock
in such calendar year. No dividends shall be paid with respect to the Common Stock unless
dividends in the total amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends at the applicable
Dividend Rate for each series of Preferred Stock shall have first been paid or set apart for
payment to the helders of Preferred Stock. and no dividends shall be paid with respect to the
Common Stock unless a dividend (inciuding the amount of any dividends paid pursuant to the
above provisions cf this section) is paid with respect to all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
in an amount for each such share of Preferred Stock equal or wreater than the aggregate amount
of suci dividends for all shares of Common Stock into which each such share of Preferred Stock
could then be ccnverted. Payments of any dividends to the holders of Preferred Stock shall be
paid pro rate, on an equal priority basis, according to the dividend preference as set forth herein.
The holders of the outstanding Preferred Stock may waive any dividend preference that suci:
holders shall be entitled to reccive under this Section 6.2.1 upon the affirmative vote or written
consent of (i} the holders of at least a majority cf the then outstanding Series A-1 Preferred Stock
and Series A-2 Preferred Stock voting together as a single class, with respect to the dividends for

2

SEA 17597 68VE1 4337-170)
04/25/2605 12:04 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,L=\) & TAMAKI (@}012/027

the Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock, and (ii) the holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding Series B-1 Preterr: : Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock,
voting as a single class, with respect to the dividen. for the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and
Series B-2 Preferred Stock, and (iii) and a majority < the then outstanding Preferred Stock
VOUL aS & SINBIE Crass.

6.2.2 Non-Cash Dividends. In the event the Company shall declare a dividend
(other than any dividend described in 6.2.1) payable in property other than cash, the value of
such dividend shall be deemed to be the fair market value of such property as determined in good
faith by the Board.

6.3 Liquidation Rights. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Company, ina single transaction or series of related transactions, whether voluntary or
involuntary, (a “Liquidation Event’), the aggregate funds and assets that may be legally
distributed to all of the Company’s shareholders prior to any distribution under this section (the
“Available Funds and Assets”) shall be distributed to sha-~holders in the following manner:

6.3.1 Series B Preferred Stock Liquidat. - Right.

(a) Liquidation Event Under $40,000,000. In the event of any
Liquidation Event where the Available Funds and Assets are valued at less than or equal to Forty
Million Dollars ($40,000,000), the holders of each share of Series B Preferred Stock then
outstanding shall be entitled to be paid, out of the Available Funds and Assets, and prior and in
preference to any payment or distribution (or any setting apart of any payment or distribution) of
any Available Funds and Assets on any shares of Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-2
Preferred Stock or Common Stock, an amount per share equal to two (2) times the applicable
Original Issue Price for each such series, plus all declared but unpaid dividends thereon. If upon
any Liquidation Event, the Available Funds and Assets shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to holders of Series B Preferred Stock of their full preferential amounts described in this
subsection, then the Available Funds and Assets shall be distributed ratably among the holders of
the then outstanding Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts to which they
would otherwise be respectively entitled, If there are any Available Funds and Assets remaining
after the payment or distribution (or the setting aside for payment or distribution) to the holders
of Series B Preferred Stock of their full preferential amounts described in the first sentence of
this subsection (a), then all such remaining Available Funds and Assets shall be dist: ibuted
pursuant to Sections 6.3.2 and 6.3.3.

(b) Liquidation Event Between $40,000,000 and $50,000,000. In
ihe event of any Liquidation Event where the Available Funds and Assets are valued at more
than Forty Million Dollars ($40,000,000) but less than Fifty Million Dollars ($50,060,000), the
nolders of each share of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid,
out of the Available Funds and Assets, and prior and in preference to any payment or distribution
‘or any selting apart of any payment or distribution) of any Available Funds and Assets on any
shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock and Common Stock, an amount
per share equal to the one and half (1.5) times the applicabie Original Issue Price pius all
declared but unpaid dividends thereon. If there are any Available Funds and Assets remaining
itr the payment or distribution (or the setting aside for payment or distribution) to the holders

4
2 789268315 41337-1743)

STP a lial ae DOE ETE eee

a EL ecw ree a en 2 eer
04/25/2906 12:05 FAX 4087394541 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI {2013/0927

of Series B Preferred Stock of their fuil preferential amouris describea in the first sentence of
this subsection (b), then all such remaining Available Funds and Asscts shall be distributed
pursuant to Sections 6.3.2 and 6.3.3.

eo) Tiguidetian Brant Retween S40,000,009 and S60.068,090. Tn
the event of any Liquidation Event where the Available Funds and Assets are valued at Fifty
Million Dollars ($50,000,000) or mere but less than Sixty Million Dollars ($60,090.000), the
holders of each share of Series B Preterred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid,
out of the Available Funds and Assets, and prior and in preference to any payment or distribution
(or any setting apart of any payment or distribution) of any Available Funds and Assets on any
shares of Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred St..k and Common Stock, an amount.
per share equal to the applicable Original Issue Price, plus all declared but unpaid dividends
thereon. If there are any Available Funds and Assets remaining after the payment or distribution
(or the setting aside for payment or distribution) to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock of
their full preferential anivunts described in the first sentence of this subsection (c), then all such
remaining Available Funds and Assets shali be distributed pursuant to Sections 6.3.2 and 6.3.3.

(d) Liquidation Event Above $60,000,000. In the event of any
Liquidation Event where the Available Funds and Assets are valued at Sixty Million Dollars
($60,000,000) or more, the holders of each share of Series B Preferred Stock the: outstanding
sha!l be entitled to be paid, out of the Available Funds and Assets. and prior anc in preference to
any payment or distribution (or any setting apart of any payment or distribution) of any
Available Funds and Assets on any shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred
Stock and Common Stock, an amount per share equal to the Applicable Original Issue Price, plus
all declared but unpaid dividends thereon. If there are any Available Funds and Assets
remaining after the payment or distribution (or the setting aside for payment or distribution) to
the holders of Series B Preferred Stock of their full preferential amounts described in the first
sentence of this subsection (d), then all such remaining Available Funds and Asscts shall be
distributed pursuant to Section 6.3.2.

6.3.2 Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock
Liquidation Right. After payment to the holders of the Serics B Preferred Stock in accordance
with Section 6.3.1, any remaining Available Funds and Assets shall be distributed to the holders
of Series A-] Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock on a pari pasu basis in the
Tollowing manner:

(a) Liquidation Event Under $25,000,000. In the event of any
Liquidation [vent where the Available Funds and Asse: are valued at jess than or equal to
Twenty-Five Miliion Dollars ($25,000,000), the holders of each share of Series A-] Preferred
Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock then outstanding shail be entitled to be paid, out of the
Available Funds and Assets, and prior and in preference to any payment cr distribution (or any
sctting apart of any payment ar distribution) of any Available Funds and Assets on any shares of
Common Swck, an amount per share equal to two (2) times the applicable Original Issue Price,
plus all declared but unpaid dividends thereon. If upon any Liguidation Event, the remaining
Availatie Funds and Assets shall be insufficient to permit the payment to holders of Series A-1
Preterred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock of their full preferential amounts described in
this subsection, then the Available Funds and Assets shall be distributed ratably among the

5

SEA TS9265N1i a 173,
* 04/25/2006 12:05 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI 014/027

er rd a 7
eter ee me ne te ee

teem ye

ete ste

Nan NAT cee rue trom # eel on ail nose a nee

St it ot See

holders of the then outstanding Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock in
proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. If there
are any Available Funds and Assets remaining after the payment or distribution (or the setting
acide far navment or distribution) to the noider: of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2
Preferred Stock of their full preferential amounts described in the lurst sentence of iis suvsecuon
(a), then all such remaining Available Funds and Assets shall be distributed pursuant to Section

6.3.3.

(b) Liquidation Event Between $25,000,000 and $60,000,000. In
the event of any Liquidation Event where the Available Funds and Assets are valued at more
than Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000) but less than Sixty Million Dollars
($60,000,000), the holders of each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Proferred
Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid, out of the remaining Available Funds and
Assets, and prior and in preference to any payment or distribution (or any setting apart of any
payment or distribution) of any Available Funds and Assets on any shares of Common Stock, an
amount per share equal to the applicable Original Issue Price. plus all declared but unpaid
dividends thereon. If upon any Liquidation Event, the remaining Available Funds and Assets
shall be insufficient to permit the payment to holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-
2 Preferred Stock of their full preferential amounts described in this subsection, then the
Available Funds and Assets shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the then
outstanding Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock in proportion to the full

Funds and Assets remaining after the payment or distribut's;. (o: the setting aside for payment or
distribution) to the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock of their
full preferential amounts described in the first sentence of this subsection (b), then all such
remaining Available Funds and Assets shall be distributed pursuant to Section 6.3.3.

(c) Liquidation Event Above $60,000,000. In the event of any

Liquidation Event where the Available Funds and Assets are valued at more than or equal to
Sixty Million Dollars (60,000,000), the holders of each share of Series A-] Preferred Stock and
Series A-2 Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid, out of the Available
Funds and Assets, and prior and in preference to any payment or distribution (or any setting apart
of any payment or distribution) of any Available Funds and Assets on any shares of Common
Stock, en amount per share equal to the applicable Original Issue Price, plus all declared but
unpaid dividends thereon. If upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company,
the Available Funds and Asscts shall be insufficient to permit the payment to holders of Series
A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock of their full preferential amounts described
in this subsection, then the Available Funds and Assets shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of the then outstanding Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock in
Proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. If there
are any Available Funds and Assets remaining after the payment or distribution (or the setting
aside for payment or distribution) to the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2
Preferred Stock of their ful! preferential amcunts described in the first sentence of this subsection
) yen all such remaining Available Funds and Assets shall be distributed pursuant to Section

3.3(b).

6.3.3 Participation Rights; Distribution to Common Stock Sharcholders.

6

SEA L7S8626Se1} sbas7
we

~ 04/25/2006 12:05 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI, LEW & TAMAKI 015/027

(a) Liquidation Event Less Than $60,000,000. If following the
distributions to the holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to Sections 6.3.1 and 6.3.2(a) and (b),
there remains any Available Funds and Assets, then such Available Funds and Asscts shall be
Wisuivud eawag be holdics ofthe thon outetending Crean Stack and Preferred Stack nro
rata according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by such holders, where, for this
purpose, holders of shares of Preferred Stock will be deemed to hold (in lieu of their Preferred
Stock) the greatest whole number of shares of Common Stock then issuable upon conversion in
full of such shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6.6.

(b) Liquidation Event at $60,000,000 or More. If following the
distributions to the holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to Sections 6.3.1 and 6.3.2(c), there
remains any Available Funds and Assets, then such Available Funds and Assets shall be
distributed among the holders of the then outstanding Common Stock pre rata according to the
number of shares of Conimon Stock held by such holders.

6.3.4 Deemed Liquidation Event. For purposes of the liquidation nights
described herein, a “Liquidation Event” shall also be deemed to include any: (i) transaction or
series of related transactions involving the sale or conveyance by the Company of all or
substantially all of its assets, (ii) sale or exclusive license of all or substantial!y all of the
Company's intellectua! property, (iii) recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger
of the Company with or acquisition of the Company by another entity which involves a Transfer
of Control, or (iv) other transaction or series of related transactions involving or resulting ina
Transfer of Control; provided, further, the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) shall apply to any
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company that constitutes more than thirty percent (30%) of the
Company’s total assets or total revenues.

6.3.5 Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Company distributed to
a shareholders in connection with any Liquidation Event are other than cash, then the value of such
a ay assets shall be their fair market value as determined in good faith by the unanimous approval of
i the Board, except that any securities to be distributed to sharchoide:s in a Liquidation Event shall
be valued as follows:

(a) The method of valuation of securities not subject to investment
letter or other similar restrictions on free marketability shall be as follows:

(3) if the securities are then traded on a nalional securities
exchange or the Nasdaq Nationa! Market Systerm (or a similar national quotation system or
ce: exchange), then the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities
ae on such exchange or system over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior to the
. distribution: and

ay if actively traded over-the-counter, then the value shal! be
S

deemed to be the average of the ciosing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three (3) days
prics to the uiswibution; and

SEA (7iG2HSv 44 44557-1760
- 04/25/2006 12:06 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI, LEW & TAMAKI 016/02

(iii) if there is ne active public market, then the value shall
be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the unanimous approval! of the
Board.

(b) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment lciter
or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in subparagraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) of this subsection to reflect
the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined (i) in good faith by the unanimous
approval of the Board and (ii) by holders of a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock, voting on
an as-conyerted basis.

6.4 Redemption. The shares of Preferred Stock shall be redeemable as foilows:

6.4.1 No Call. The Company shall not have the right to call for redemption of
all or any part of the Preferred Stock.

6.4.2 Required Redemption at Option of Shareholders. Beginning at any
time after December 31, 2009, upon receiving written request from the holders of (i) a majority
of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, and (ii) a :najority of the Series
A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, the
Company shall redeem ali, but not less than all, of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock ona
pro-rata basis. The redemption price for each redeemed share shall be the applicable Original
Issue Price, plus ten percent (10%) of such amount, compounded per annum from the Issue Date
of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, plus any declared but unpaid dividends thereon.

6.4.3 Notice of Redemption. Upon receiving a notice requesting redemption
pursuant to Section 6.4.2, the Company shall, within ten (10) days, mail a written notice (a
‘Redemption Notice’’), postage prepaid. to each holder of Preferred Stock of the Company and
shall forward a copy of the Redemption Notice to each such ho!der. The Redemption Notice
Shall state that a redemption pursuant to this Section 6.4 l:as been requested and shall specify the
date such redemption shall begin, which date shall be no more than thirty (30) day's after the
Company receives the redemption request (the “Redemption Date”). No defect in the
Redemption Notice or any response thereto or in the mailing or publication thereof shall affect
the validity of the redemption proceeding with respect to the Company or any holder of Preferred
Stock, provided, that, the Company or such holder has timely received aciual notice of the
redemption.

6.4.4 Surrender of Stock. On or after the Redemption Date each such holder
of Preferred Stock who requests redemption pursuant to Section 6.4.2 or Section 6.4.3 shall,
subject to Section 6.4.2, surrender the certificate or certificates evidencing such holder's
Preferred Stock, as applicable, to the Company at any place designated for such surrender in the
Redemption Notice and shall then be entitled to receive payment in cash, by wire transfer or
check, of the applicable redemption price for each share of Preferred Stock so redcemed.

6.4.5 Insufficient Redemption. If less than all of the shares represented by a

share certificate are redeemed, the Company shall issue a new certificate representing the shares
not redeemed.

SEA 1759265v1i 41337-1723)
04/25/2006 12:06 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI

6.4.6 Failure to Redeem. If the Company shall fail to discharge its obligation
to redeem shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 6.4 (the “Redemption Obligation’),
the Redemption Obligation shall be discharged, pro rata with respect to each holder of Preferred
Stock then entitled o be redeemed based on the number of shares held, as set forth in
Section 6.4.7, as soon as the Company is perinitted by law to discharge such Redemption
Obligation. If and so long as any Redemption Obiigation shall not be fully discharged, the
Company shall not, directly or indirectly, declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution
on, or purchase, redeem or satisfy any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar
obligation in respect of, any other securities of the Company.

6.4.7. Status of Redeemed Shares. Except as provided below, from and after
the close of business on a Redemption Date, all rights of holders of shares of Preferred Stock
(except the right to receive the redemption price) shall cease with respect to the shares to be
redeemed on such Redemption Date, and such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the
books of the Company or be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. If the funds
of ihe Company legally available for redemption of shares of Preferred Stock on the Redemption
Date are insufficient to redeem the total number of shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed on
such Redemption Date, the holders of such shares shall share ratably in any funds jegally
available for redemption of such shares according to the respective amounts which would be
payable to them if the full number of shares to be redeemed on such Redemption Date were
actually redeemed. The shares of Preferred Stock required to be redeemed but not so redeemed
shall remain outstanding and entitled to all rights and preferences provided herein. At any time
thereafter when additional funds of the Company are legally available for the redemption of such
shares of Preferred Stock, such funds will be promptly used to redeem the balance of such
shares, or such portion thereof for which funds are then legally available, on the basis set forth
above.

6.4.8 Payment of Redemption Price. On or prior to the Redemption Date, the
Company shall deposit the redemption price of al] shares of such shares of Preferred Stock
designated for redemption in the Redemption Notice and not yet redeemed with a bank or trust
company in New York, New York having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of one hundred
million dollars ($100,000,000) as a trust fund for the benefit of the respective holders of the
shares designated for redemption and not yet redeemed, with irrevocable instructions and
authority to the bank or trust company to pay the redemption price for such shares to their
respective holders on or after the Redemption Date upon receipt of notification from the
corporation ihat such holder has surrendered his or her share certificate to the Company pursuant
to Section 6.4.4. Such instructions shall also provide that any funds deposited by the Company
pursuant to this Section 6.4.8 for the redemption of shares subsequently converted into shares of
Common Stock pursuant to the terms hereof no later than the fifth (Sth) day preceding the
Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company forthwith upon such conversion. The
balance of any funds deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.4.8 remaining
unclaimed at the expiration of one (1) year following the Redemption Date shall be returned to
the Company and thereafter the holders of shares cailed for redemption who have not claimed
such funds shall be entitled to receive payment of the redemption price only from the Company.

se NEPSGI ESN EL 41337-1703)

(017/027
0472572005 12:06 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI (018/027

6.4.9 No Reissuance of Preferced Stock. No share or shares of Preferred
Stock acquired by the Company by reason of redemption, purchase. conversion or otherwise
shall be reissued.

6.5 Voting Rights.

6.8.1 Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shal! be
entitled to one (1) vote for each share thereof held.

6.5.2 Preferred Stock. Each holder of shares of Preferred S':-.:. shall be
entitled to the number of vctes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into
which such shares of Preferred Stock could be converted (with one half being rounded upwards
to one) pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.6 below at the record date for the determinaticn of
the shareholders entitled to vote on such matters or, if no such record date is established, the date
such vote is taken or any written consent of sharcholders is solicited.

6.5.3 General. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.5. each
holder of Preferred Stock shall have full voting rights and powers equa! to the voting rights and
powers of the ho!ders of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company, as may be amended from time io ume
(as in effect at the time in question) and applicable law, and shall be entitled to vote, togethe
with the holders of Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common
Stock have the right to vote, except as may be otherwise provided by applicable law. Except as
otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by Jaw. the holders of Preferrea Stock and
Common Stock shal! vote together and not as separate classes.

6.5.4 Board of Directors Election. The numbcr of the Board shall be set at
five (5) directors and shall not be increased or decreased without the consent of the holders ofa
majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock.

(a) Series A-2 Preferred Stock. So long as at least 1,000.900 shares
of Serizs A-2 Preferred Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalization or the like), the holders of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock. voting as a separate
series, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of the Conipany.

(b) Scries B Preferred Stock. So long as at least 1,000,000 shares of
Senes B Preferred Stock are outstanding (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalization or the like), the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
series, shai! be entitied to elect one (1) director of the Company.

(c) Common Stock. The holders of the Common Stock, voting as a
separate Class. shall be entitled to one (1) director of the Company.

(d) Remaining Directors. Any remaining directors shall be elected
by the Preterred Stock and the Common Stock, voting together as a single class on an as
convened 'o Common Stock basis.

10

SEot Teatese eT,
04/25/2006 12:07 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI 019/027

6.6 Conversion Rights. For all purposes of this Section 6.6 the term “Original Issue
Price’ for any share of Series A-! Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock, or Series B
Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be deemed to be set at $0.34520. The outstanding shares

HEN A TD Oe ate HL IT eA ne fen Maen nny Cen che sn Palilasiee:
ee ae eh Ee ee ee tee ee Sew re ee tee

6.6.1 Conversion.

(a) Optional. At the option of the holder thereof, each share of
Preferred Stock shall be ccnvertible, at any time or from time to time, into fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as provided herein.

(b) Automatic.

(i) Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock, as provided herein,
(i) immediately prior to the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant
1o an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Acf")\. .t including a registration relating solely to a transaction under Rule 145 under the Act
(or any successor thereto), or relating to an employee benefit plan of the Company), covering the
offer and sale of Common Stock at a per share offering price equaling or exceeding $3.50 per
share (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalization or the like) for the
account of the Company in which the aggregate public offering price (after deduction for
underwriters’ discounts and expenses :elating to the issuance, including without limitation fees
of the Company’s counsel) exceeds $20,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO”), or (ii) on the date
specified by written consent or agreement of the holders of (X) a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series A-] Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class, and (Y) a majority of the outstanding shares of Scries B Preferred Stock, voting together as
a separate class.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of any event specified in
subparagraph (b) above, the outstanding shares of the applicable series of Preferred Stock shall
be converted into Common Stec’ automatically without the need for any further action by the
holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are
surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however, that the Company shall not
be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered
to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Company or its
transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes en
agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss
incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic
conversion of the Preferred Stock, the holders of Preferred Stock shall surrender the certificates
representing such shares at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the Preferred
Stock or Common Stock. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such hclder
promptly at such office and in its name as shown on such surrendcred certificate or certificates, a
certificate or certitivates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of
Preferred Stock. as cpplicable. surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic
conversicn occured

11

SEA U7EDMSTL SL:
DL DISSSSSSS;~=—=—

© 0472572006 12:07 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI ig 020/027

(c) Each holder of Preferred Stock whosc Preferred Stock will be
converted into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this section will surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the
Dictcired Steck or Common Stock and chal oive written notice to the Company at such office
that such holder elects to convert the same and shall state therein the number of shares of
Preferred Stock being converted. Thereupon the Company shall promptly issue and deliver at
such office to sucii holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder is entitled upon such conversion. Such conversion shail be deenied to have
yeen made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the
certificate or certificates representing the shares of Preferred Stock, or immediately prior to the
closing of the Qualified IPO if converted under Section 6.6.1(b)(i), as the case may be, to be
converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock
on such date.

6.6.2 Conversion Price. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible in
accordance with subsection 6.6.1 or subsection 6.6.1(b) above into the number of shares of
Common Stock which results from dividing the applicable Original Issue Price for such series of
Preferred Stock by the conversion price for the such series of Preferred Stock that is in effect at
the time of conversion (tne “Conversion Price’). The initial Conversion Price for the conversion
of the Preferred Stock in accordance with subsection 6.6.1 or subsection 6.6.1(b) above shall be
the applicable Original Issue Price for such series of Preferred Stock.

6.6.3 Adjustment Upeu Common Stock Event. Upon the happening ofa
Common Stock Event (as hereinafter defined), the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock shall,
simultaneously with the happening of such Common Stock Event, be adjusted by multiplying the
Conversion Price of such series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such Common
Stock Event by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to such Common Stock Event, and (ii) the
denominator of which shal] be the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately after such Common Stock Event, and the product so obtained shall thereafter be the
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock. The Conversion Price for Preferred Stock
shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the happening of each subsequent Common Stock
Event. As used herein, the term “Commion Stock Event’ shall mean (i) the issue by the
Company of additional shares of Common Stock as a dividend or other distribution on
outstanding Common Stock, (ii) a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater number of shares of Common Stock, or (iii) a combination of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Commion Stock.

6.6.4 Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. If at any time or
from time to time the Company pays a dividend or makes another distribution to the hoiders cf
the Common Stock payable in securities of the Company other than shares of Common Stock.
then in each such event provision shall be made so that the holders of the Preferred Stocs. shall
receive upon conversion thereof, in addition to the number of shares of Common Stock
receivable upon conversion thereof, the amount of securities of the Company which they woud

have received had their Preferred Stock. respectively, been converted into Common St} en the
date of such event (ur such reco:.! date, as applicable} and had they thereafter, during i> persed
12

SEA 17592 6Sv1b 41337-1703)
* 04/25/2006 12:07 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI (021/027

from the date of such event (or such record date, us applicable) to and inciuding th onversion
date. retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, ct to all

othe; adjustments called for during such period under this Section 6.5 vith respeci che rights
of the holders of the Preferred Stock. or with respect to such other securities by the = :rms.

0.0.8 Adjustment tor Keciassiticatiun, &Xchailge and Suysttutiou. if al any
time or from time to time the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock
is changed into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of st>:k, whether
by recapitalization, reclassification or otherwise (other than by a Common Stock Ev: : or a stock
dividend, reorganization, merger, consotidation or sale of assets provided for elsewh: :2), then in
any such event each holder of Preferred Stock shal! have the right thereafter to conve:i such
stock into the kind and amount of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such
recapitalization, reclassification or other change by holders of the number of shares of Common

tock into which such shares of Preferred Stock, respectively, could have been converted
immediately prior to such recapitalization, reclassification or change, a!l subject to further
adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or property by the terms
thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment snall be made in the application of this
Section 6.6 with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock after any
recapitalization, reclassification and the like, to the end that this Secticn 6.6 (including
adjustment of the applicable Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares issuable
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event or nearly equivalent
as may be practicable.

6.6.6 Sale of Shares Below Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of the
Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment irom time to time as provided below.

(a) Certain Definitions. For the purpose of making any adjustment
required under this subsection §.6.6:

(i) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all
shares cf capital stock issued by the Company, whether or not subsequently reacquired or retired
by the Company, other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable:

(A) upon conversion of the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock;

(B) upon exercise of Rights or Options (as such terms
ere defined in Section 6.6.6(a)(vi)) outstanding on the date of filing
of these Third Amended and Restated Articles;

(C) up to 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock (and for
purposes of calculating the 7.000.000 shares, any shares
repurchased oy the Company or any cancelled or terminated
options shal: again be available for issuance), as adjusted for any
stack splits. stock dividends, recapitalizations cr the like, tha! are
issuable to officers, directors or employees of. or consultan:s to.

—
\e

SEN T7S8936S8011 4337-175)

04/25/2006 12:08 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI, Lel¥ & TAMAKI (0227027

the Company pursuant to such arrangements, contracts or plans
approved by a majority of the Board;

(D) _ provided that the shares in subsecticn (C) above
Have CCcs CALMUSIEU, Shales Ol COIILINOLL OLOCH La cacess Ua
7,000,000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to (C) above, to
officers, directors, or 2mployees of, or consultants to, the Company
pursuant to a stock grant, option plan or purchase plan or other
stock incentive program or agreement approved unanimously by
the Board;

(E) to banks, equipment lessors or other financial
institutions, real property lessors or supplieis, pursuant to a debt
financing, equipment leasing, real property icasing transaction, all
as approved unanimously by the Board:

(F) pursuant to acquisitions, licenses, joint ventures or
transactions with strategic partners which are for primarily non-
financing purposes and approved unanimously by the Board;

(G) _ issued in a transaction in which the Effective Price
(as defined in Section 6.6.6(2)(v) of such shares is less than the
Original Issue Price uf the Series B-! Preferred Stocx pursuant to
which a 66.67% of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class, expressly deem in writing that such shares not to be
“Additional Shares of Common Stock;” and

(H) up to 25,537,327 shares of Series B Preferred Stock.

For the purpose of adjusting the Conversion Price, the grant, issue or sale af Additional
Shares of Commen Stock consisting of the substantially same class of security or warrants to
purchase such security issued or deemed to be issued at the substantially same price at two or
more closing held within a three (3) month period shall be aggregated and shall be treated as one
sale of Additional Shares of Common Stock occurting on the earliest date on which such
securities were issued or deemed to be issued.

(ii} “Aggregate Consideration Received’ by the Company for
any issue or sale (or deemed issue or sale) of securities shall (A) to the extent it consists of cash,
be computed at the gross amount of cash received by the Company before deduction of any
underwriting or similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the
Company in connection with such issue or sale end without deduction of any expenses payable
by the Company; (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, be computed at the fair
value of that property as determined in geed faith. by the Board: and (C) if Additional Shares of
Common Stock. Convertibie Securities (as detincd in Section 6.6.6(a)(iv) or Rights or Options to
purchase either Additional Shares of Common Stock o; Convertible Securities Rights or Options
ure issued or sold together with other stock or securities or other assets of the Company fer a
consideration which covers both, be computed a> the partion of the consideration so received

TS9TeSN Tb Esa,
04/25/2006 12:08 FAX 4037394641 MINAMI, LEW & TAMAKI (023/027

that may be reasonably detern:ined in good faith, by the Board. to be allocable to such Additional
Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or Rigiits or Options.

(iii) “Common Stock Equivalents 0: astanding” shall mean che
UILiVe. UL Silas Ua Cullis Siuen wai ie Kye WW eee Duaade wl ay) Rp Had Deeews wee Werestoan oie. .
of the Company that are outstanding at the time in question, plus (B) all shares of Common
Stock of the Company issuable upon conversion of all shares of Preferred Stock or other
Convertible Securities that are outsianding ai the time in question, plus (C) all shares of Common
Stock of the Company that are issuatle upon the exercise of Rights or Options that are
outstanding at the time in question assuming the full conversion er exchange into Common Stock
of all such Rights or Options that are Rights or Options to purchase or acquire Convertible
Securities into or for Common Stocx.

(iv) “Convertible Securities” shal\ mean stock or other
securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock.

(Vv) “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Commen Stock
shall mean the quotient determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of
Common Steck issued or sold, or deemed to have been issued or sold, by the Company under
inis subsection 6.6.6, into the Aggregate Consideration Received, or deemed to have been
received. by the Company under this subsection 6.6.6. for the issue of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock.

(vi) “Rights or Options” shal) mean warrauts, options or other
righis to purchase or acquire shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(b) Adjustment Formula. If at any time or from time to time after
the Series B-1 Preferred Stock Issue Late, the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the
provisions of this subsection 6.6.6 to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock
(as defined above), otherwise than in connection with a Common Stock Event as provided in
subsection 6.6.3, a dividend or distribution as provided in subsection 6.6.4, or a recapitatization,
reclassification or other change as provided in subsection 6.6.5. for an Effective Price that is less
than the Conversion Price for a series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issue
or sale (or deemed issuance or sale), then, and in cach such case, the Conversion Price for such
series of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, as of the close of business on the date of such issue or
sale. to the price obtained by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction:

(i) The numerator of which shall be the sum of (A) the number
ot Common Stock Equivalents Outstanding immediately prior to such issue or sale of Additional
Shzres of Common Stock plus (B) the quotient obtained by divid’nz (X) the Aggregate
Co:.sideration Received by the Company for the total number of Additional Shares of Common
Stc.x so issued or sold (or deemed so issued and sold) by (Y) the Conversion Price for such
sexics Of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance
Oris c)i ane

Gi The denominator of which shal: oc the sum of (A) the
nunscys of Commen Stock Equivalents Outstanding immmed:ate!y prior tu such issue or sale plus

i)
Soe Serb fb357-173)
(04/25/2006 12:09 FAX 4087394641 MINAMT, LEW & TAMAKI @)G26/027

6.6.10 Notices. All notices required or permitted uncer these Third Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation, 2s amended from time to ti:ne, io be piven to the holders
of snares of the Preferred Stock shail be deemed effectively given (as addressed to each holder of
record at the address of such holder appearing on the books of the Company): (i) upon personal
ucliVery (O Ine ngider, (lip WNELL Set OY CONLUIMIEY lavoliiine te seit Guliig neiaa UUdiIeSs UU
of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (ili) five (5) days after having been sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one (1) day after
deposit with a nationally recognized overnight couricr, specifying next day delivery, with written
verification of reccipt.

6.6.11 No Impairment. Unless approved by the necessary vote in Section 6.7
below or as otherwise required by applicable law, ine Company shall not by amendmeni or its
Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger. dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company, but shall at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all of the provisions of this Section 6.6 and in the taking of all such
action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the hclders
of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

6.7 Preferred Stock Protective Provisions. The Company shall aot (by:
reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue o7
sale of securities or any other voluntary action or otherwise), undertake any of the actions
described in Section 6.7.1 through 6.7.12, inclusive, without the approval, by vote or written
consent of: (i) the holders of a majority of the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting
together as a single class, and (ii) so long as at least ten percent (10%) of shares of Series A-i
Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock that were issued and outstanding on the date of
the filing of these Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation remain outstanding,
the holders of a majority of the Series A-! Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock then
outstanding, voting together as a single class, unless such action affects only one of the Series A-
| Preferred Stock or Series A-2 Preferred Stock series in which case, without the app: ‘al, by
the vote or written consent, of the holders of a majority of the affected series of Series A-]
Preferred Stock or Series A-2 Preferred Stock, voting as a separate series:

6.7.1 amend, repeal or add any provisions to its Restated Articles of
Incorporation or Byiaws in any manner, or take any other action, that would alter or change the
rights, preferences and privileges of the Preferred Stock or such series of Preferred Stock, zs the
case may be;

6.7.2 reclassify any outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company into
shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock or
such series of Preferred Stock, as the case may be;

6.7.3 authorize or issue shares of any class or serics having preference or

priority equal to or superior to the P:eferred Stock or such series of Preferred Stock, as the cas.
may be:

SEA 789265071 41357-17(3)
_ 04/27/2006 10:11 FAX 4087394641 MINAMI,LEW & TAMAKI (003/093

6.7.4. engage in an transaction or series of transactions which may result ina
Liquidation Event:

6.7.5 declare or pay any dividends (other than dividends payable solely in
shares of Its OWN COMMON SLOCK to ali VVisialGy sHafes) Vil aLEUU UL diy auies Us sen
now or hereafter outstanding;

6.7.6 increase the number of shares under any employee stock option plan,
other plan, contract, agreement or arrangement;

6.7.7 enter into or form any partnership, joint venture or acquire any shares in
any other entity, other than in the ordinary course of business as approved by the Board;

6.7.8 commence any proceedings for ihe voluntary winding up, liquidation or
dissolution of the Company;

6.7.9 effect any recapitalization of the Company;
6.7.10 change the number of members of the Company’s Board:

6.7.11 issue any shares of Series B Preferred Stock, except those authorized for
sale under the Series B-1! and B-2 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated on or about April
27, 2006 or

6.7.12 redeem, purchase, acquire, retire, modify or amend (or pay into or set
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) the terms of any debt or equity securities or derivative
securities of the Company or any subsidiary, other than (i) in accordance with the terms of such
securities or pursuant to agreements in effect at the Series B-1 Preferred Stock Issue Date, (ii) the
repurchase from employees, consultants, officers or directors approved by all disinterested
members of the Board, or (iii) the repurchase by the Company of shares of Common Stock held
by employees, officers, directors, consultants, independent contractors, advisors, or other persons
performing services for the Company or a subsidiary that are subject to restricted stock purchase
agreements or stock option exercise agreements under which the Company has the option to
repurchase such shares: (A) at cost, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the
termination of employment or services; or (B) at any price pursuant to the Company’s exercise
of a right of first refusal to repurchase such shares.

6.8 Consent to Certain rransactions. Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock
shall, by virtue of its acceptance of a stock certificate evidencing Preferred Stock, be deemed to
have consented, for purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code, to all
repurchases of stock junior to the Preferred Stock permitted pursuant to Section 6.7.12(i)-(iii).

SEA 1759265v) 1} 41337-12(3)
