RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF
ASPIRE MEDICAL, INC.

ASPIRE MEDICAL, INC., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, hereby certifies as follows:

I The name of this corporation is Aspire Medical, Inc. and the original Certificate
of Incorporation of the corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on January 5, 2004.

Il. The Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto
has been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242, 245, and 228 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (“Delaware Corporate Law”), and prompt
written notice will be duly given pursuant to Section 228 of Delaware Corporate Law.

Il. The text of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation as heretofore amended or
supplemented is hereby restated and further amended to read in its entirety as set forth in
Exhibit A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOPF, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been signed this
27th day of January, 2004.

ASPIRE MEDICAL, INC.

By: /s/ Erik van der Burg
Erik van der Burg

President and Chief Executive Officer

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
SF\446489.4 Delivered 01:47 PM 01/28/2004
FILED 01:41 PM 01/28/2004
SRV 040059064 — 3748351 FILE
EXHIBIT A
RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF
ASPIRE MEDICAL, INC.

ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is Aspire Medical, Inc. (the “Company”).
ARTICLE II

The address of the Company’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19808. The
name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE It

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV

A. The aggregate number of shares that the Company shall have authority to issue is
21,750,000 divided into 17,250,000 shares of Common Stock each with the par value of $0,001
per share, and 4,500,000 shares of Preferred Stock each with the par value of $0.001 per share.
The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, of which one such series shall be
denominated the “Series A Preferred.’”’ The Series A Preferred shall consist of 4,500,000
shares. ~

B. The terms and provisions of the Series A Preferred are as follows:
1. Dividends.

(a) Treatment of Preferred. The Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive dividends out of any assets at the time legally available therefore, only when, as and if
declared by the Board of Directors, prior and in preference to the Common Stock. No dividends
other than those payable solely in Common Stock shall be paid on any Common Stock unless
and until {i) the aforementioned dividend is paid on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred,
and (ii) a dividend is paid with respect to all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred in an
amount equal to or greater that the aggregate amount of dividends which would be payable on
each share of Series A Preferred if, immediately prior to such dividend payment on Common
Stock, it had been converted into Common Stock. The Board of Directors is under no obligation
to declare dividends, no rights shall accrue to the holders of Preferred Stock if dividends are not

2

SPA446489.4

declared, and any dividends declared shall be noncumulative. The Company shall make no
Distribution (as defined below) to the holders of shares of Common Stock except in accordance
with this Section I(a).

(b) Distribution. “Distribution” means the transfer of cash or property
without consideration, whether by way of dividend or otherwise, or the purchase of shares of the
Company (other than in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to or
held by employees, consultants, officers and directors at a price not greater than the amount paid
by such persons for such shares upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to
agreements providing for the right of said repurchase) for cash or property.

(c) Consent to Certain Repurchases. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the
General Corporation Law of California, Sections 502 and 503 of the General Corporation Law of
California, to the extent otherwise applicable, shall not apply with respect to Distributions made
by the Company in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to or held
by employees, consultants, officers and directors at a price not greater than the amount paid by
such person for such shares upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to
agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, which agreements were authorized by the
approval of the Company’s board of directors.

2. Liquidation Rights

(a) Liquidation Preference. In the event of any Liquidation (as defined
below), either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred shall be entitled to
receive, out of the assets of the Company, the Liquidation Preference specified for each share of
Series A Preferred then held by them before any payment shall be made or any assets distributed
to the holders of Common Stock. “Liquidation Preference” shal] mean, with respect to a shares
of Series A Preferred, $1.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, reorganizations
and the like) plus declared or accumulated but unpaid dividends on such share. If upon the
Liquidation, the assets to be distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred are
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full Liquidation Preference for their
shares, then the entire assets of the Company legally available for distribution shall be distributed
with equal priority and pro rata among the holders of the Series A Preferred.

(b) Remaining Assets. After the payment to the holders of Serics A Preferred
of the full preferential amounts specified above, no further payments shall be made to the holders
of Series A Preferred by reason thereof and any remaining assets of the Company shall be
distributed with equal priority and pro rata among the holders of the Company’s Common Stock.

(c) Liquidation. A “Liquidation” shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to
include, (i) the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company; (ii) the acquisition of the
Company by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without
limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation) provided that the applicable transaction
shall not be deemed a liquidation unless the Company’s stockholders constituted immediately
prior to such transaction hold less than 50% of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring
entity; or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. In the event of a
deemed “Liquidation” pursuant to clause (iii) in this Section 2(c) above, if the Company does not

3

SF\446489.4
effect a dissolution of the Company under the Delaware General Corporation Law within forty-
five (45) days after such deemed Liquidation, then (A) the Company shall deliver a written
notice to each holder of Series A Preferred no later than the forty-fifth (45") day after the
deemed Liquidation advising such holders of their right (and the requirements to be met to
secure such right) pursuant to the terms of the following clause (B) to require the redemption of
such shares of Series A Preferred, and (B) if the holders of at least a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock so request in a written instrument delivered to the
Corporation not later than sixty (60) days after such deemed Liquidation, the Company shall use
the consideration received by the Company for such deemed Liquidation (net of any liabilities
associated with the assets sold or technology licensed, as determined in good faith by the Board
of Directors of the Company), to the extent legally available therefor (the “Net Proceeds”), to
redeem, on the seventy-fifth (75") day after such deemed Liquidation (the “Liquidation
Redemption Date”’), all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred at a price per share equal to the
Series A Liquidation Preference. In the event of a redemption pursuant to the preceding
sentence, if the Net Proceeds are not sufficient to redeem all outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred, the Corporation shall redeem a pro rata portion of each holder’s shares of Series A
Preferred. Prior to the distribution or redemption provided for in this Section 2(c), the Company
shall not expend or dissipate the consideration received for such deemed Liquidation, except to
discharge expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business.

(d) Shares not Treated as Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock in any
Distribution. Shares of Series A Preferred shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of

Common Stock in order to participate in any distribution, or series of distributions, as shares of
Common Stock, without first foregoing participation in the distribution, or series of distributions,
as shares of Series A Preferred.

3, Conversion. The Series A Preferred shall have conversion rights as follows:

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such
share at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred. Each share
of Series A Preferred shall be convertible into that number of fully-paid and nonassessable shares
of Common Stock that is equal to $1.00 divided by the Series A Conversion Price (as hereinafter
defined). The “Series A Conversion Price” shall initially be $1.00, and shall be subject to
adjustment as provided herein.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Series A
Conversion Price immediately upon (1) the affirmative vote of more than 50% of the Series A
Preferred, or (2) the consummation of a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), on Form S-1 (as defined in the ~
Securities Act) or any successor form; provided, however, that the aggregate gross proceeds to
the Company (before underwriting discounts and commissions) are at least $50,000,000 at a pre-
money valuation of at least $100,000,000, calculated on a fully diluted basis.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Series A Preferred. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the

4
SFA446489.4
holder would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay the fair market value cash equivalent
of such fractional share as determined by the board of directors of the Company. For such
purpose, all shares of Series A Preferred held by each holder shall be aggregated, and any
resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash. Before any holder of Series A
Preferred shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and to receive
certificates therefor, he shall surrender the Series A Preferred certificate or certificates, duly
endorsed, at the office of the Company or of any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred, and
shall give written notice to the Company at such office that such holder elects to convert such
shares; provided, however, that in the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to

paragraph 3(b) above, the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent;
provided further, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless either
the certificates evidencing such shares of Series A Preferred are delivered to the Company or its
transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that
such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Company (but shall not be required to provide a bond) to indemnify the Company from any loss
incurred by it in connection with such certificates.

The Company shall, as soon as practicable after delivery of the Series A Preferred
certificates, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Series A Preferred, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled and a check
payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion
into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared or accumulated but unpaid dividends
on the converted Series A Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Series A
Preferred to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or
holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date; provided, however, that if the conversion
is in connection with an underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act,
the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Series A Preferred for conversion, be
conditioned upon the closing of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event
the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Series
A Preferred shall not be deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred until immediately
prior to the closing of the sale of such securities.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price.

(i) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common. After
the date of the filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, if the outstanding shares of

Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater
number of shares of Common Stock, the Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be
proportionately decreased. After the date of the filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, if the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined (by reclassification
or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Series A Conversion Price in

5
SF46489.4

effect immediately prior to such combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such
combination, be proportionately increased.

(ii) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. If
the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred shall be changed into the

same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for above), the Series A Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted such that the
Series A Preferred shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock
which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of such
other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock that would
have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Series A Preferred
immediately before that change.

(iii) Adjustments for Dilutive Issuances.

{A) After the date of the filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, if the Company shall issue or sell any shares of Common Stock (as actually issued
or, pursuant to paragraph (C) below, deemed to be issued) for a consideration per share less than
the Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale, then immediately
upon such issue or sale the Series A Conversion Price shall be reduced to a price (calculated to
the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such prior Series A Conversion Price by a fraction,
the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of “Calculated Securities” (defined below)
outstanding immediately prior to such issue or sale plus the number of shares of Common Stock
which the aggregate consideration received by the Company for the total number of shares of
Common Stock so issued or sold would purchase at such prior Series A Conversion Price, and
the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Calculated Securities outstanding
immediately prior to such issue or sale plus the number of shares of Common Stock so issued or
sold. “Calculated Securities” means (i) all shares of Common Stock actually outstanding; (ii)
all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the then outstanding Preferred Stock
(without giving effect to any adjustments to the conversion price of any series of Preferred Stock
as a result of such issuance); and (iii) all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise and/or
conversion of outstanding options, warrants or other rights for the purchase of shares of stock,
including upon conversion of any Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of conversion of any
options, warrants, or other rights for the purchase of Preferred Stock.

(B) For the purposes of paragraph (A) above, none of the
following issuances shall be considered the issuance or sale of Common Stock:

(1) The issuance of Common Stock upon the
conversion of any then-outstanding Convertible Securities, provided there shall have been
adjustment pursuant to paragraph (A), if applicable, in connection with the issuance of such
Convertible Securities. “Convertible Securities” shall mean any bonds, debentures, notes or
other evidences of indebtedness, and any warrants, shares or any other securities convertible into,
exercisable for, or exchangeable for Common Stock.

SF\446489.4
(2) The issuance of any Common Stock or Convertible
Securities as a dividend on the Company’s stock.

(3) The issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of Common
Stock (or options to purchase shares of Common Stock) to employees, directors or consultants of
the Company under a stock plan approved by the board of directors of the Company (not
including the reissuance of shares repurchased by the Company from employees or consultants
of the Company).

(4) — The issuance of shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities to lenders, financial institutions, equipment lessors, or real estate lessors
to the Company in connection with a bona fide borrowing or leasing transaction approved by the
Company's Board of Directors.

(5) The issuance of Common Stock or Convertible
Securities pursuant to the acquisition of another business by the Company by merger, purchase
of substantially all of the assets or shares, or other reorganization whereby the Company or its
shareholders own not less than a majority of the voting power of the surviving or successor
business.

(C) For the purposes of paragraph (A) above, the following
subparagraphs 1 to 3, inclusive, shall also be applicable: —

(1) Incase at any time the Company shall grant any
rights to subscribe for, or any rights or options to purchase, Convertible Securities, whether or
not such rights or options or the right to convert or exchange any such Convertible Securities are
immediately exercisable, and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the
exercise of such rights or options or upon conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities
(determined by dividing (x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as
consideration for the granting of such rights or options, plus the minimum aggregate amount of
additional consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise of such rights or options,
plus, in the case of any such rights or options which relate to such Convertible Securities, the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue or sale of
such Convertible Securities and upon the conversion or exchange thereof, by (y) the total
maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such rights or
options or upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities issuable upon the
exercise of such rights or options) shall be less than the Series A Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to the time of the granting of such rights or options, then the total maximum
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such rights or options or upon
conversion or exchange of the total maximum amount of such Convertible Securities issuable
upon the exercise of such rights or options shall (as of the date of granting of such rights or
options) be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued for such price per share.

(2) Incase at any time the Company shall issue or sell
any Convertible Securities, whether or not the rights to exchange or convert thereunder are
immediately exercisable, and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such
conversion or exchange (determined by dividing (x) the total amount received or receivable by

7
SF446489.4
the Company as consideration for the issue or sale of such Convertible Securities, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon
the conversion or exchange thereof, by (y) the total maximum number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities) shall be less
than the Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the time of such issue or sale,
then the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities shall (as of the date of the issue or sale of such
Convertible Securities) be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued for such price per
share, provided that if any such issue or sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon
exercise of any rights to subscribe for or to purchase or any option to purchase any such
Convertible Securities for which adjustments of the conversion price have been or are to be made
pursuant to other provisions of this paragraph (C), no further adjustment of the conversion price
shall be made by reason of such issue or sale.

(3) In case at any time any shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities or any rights or options to purchase any such Common Stock, or
Convertible Securities shall be issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor shall
be deemed to be the amount received by the Company therefor. In case any shares of Common
Stock or Convertible Securities or any rights or options to purchase any such Common Stock or
Convertible Securities shall be issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of
the consideration other than cash received by the Company shall be deemed to be the fair value
of such consideration as determined by the board of directors,

(e) No Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger,
dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the
Company, but will at all times in good faith assist in carrying out of all the provision of this
Section 3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred against impairment.

(f) Certificate of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment of
the Series A Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 3, the Company at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred a certificate
setting forth such adjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is
based. The Company shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Series A
Preferred, furnish to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) any and all adjustments made
to the Series A Preferred since the date of the first issuance of Series A Preferred, (ii) the Series
A Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
Series A Preferred.

(g) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Company shall propose at
any time (1) to declare any dividend or Distribution; (ii) to offer for subscription to the holders of
any class or series of its stock any additional shares of stock or other rights; (iti) to effect any
reclassification or recapitalization; or (iv) to effect a Liquidation; then, in connection with each
such event, the Company shall send to the holders of the Series A Preferred at least 20 days’

8
SF\446489.4
prior written notice of the date on which a record shall be taken for such dividend, Distribution
or subscription rights (and specifying the date on which the holders of stock shall be entitled
thereto) or for determining rights to vote in respect of the matters referred to in clauses (iii) and
(iv) above.

(h) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,

solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred, such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred; and if at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred, the Company will take such
corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock t to 0 such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such

purpose, ~ ~* a

4, Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law, the
holders of Series A Preferred and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together and not as
separate classes.

(a) Preferred Stock. Each holder of shares of Series A Preferred shall be
entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such
shares of Series A Preferred held by such holder of Preferred Stock could then be converted.
The holders of shares of the Series A Preferred shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which
the Common Stock shall be entitled to vote. The holders of the Series A Preferred shall be
entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Company.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from
the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A Preferred held by
each holder could be converted), shail be disregarded.

(b) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled
to one vote for each share thereof held. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may
be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote,
irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law.of Delaware.

(c) Election of Directors. The holders of the Series A Preferred, voting
separately as a single class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors. The holders of Common
Stock, voting separately as a single class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) directors. The holders
of the Common Stock and the Series A Preferred, voting together as a single class, shall be
entitled to elect all other directors of the Company. Any vacancies on the Board of Directors
shall be filled by vote of the holders of the class or series that elected the director whose absence
created such vacancy. There shall be no cumulative voting.

5F\446439.4
5. Amendments and Changes.

(a) Approval by Series A Preferred, Notwithstanding Section 4 above, the
Company shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent as provided
by law) of more than 50% of the Series A Preferred then outstanding, voting together as a single,
separate class:

(i) amend this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of
the Company in any way that changes the rights, privileges or preferences expressly afforded the
Series A Preferred, or effect a merger, business combination, or other corporate transaction or
series of related transactions pursuant to which the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series
A Preferred will be changed in any way or pursuant to which the Series A Preferred will be
exchanged for new securities with different rights, preferences, privileges or preferences,

(ii) increase or decrease the number of shares of Preferred Stock that
the Company shall have the authority to issue, or effect a merger, business combination, or other
corporate transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the number of shares of
Preferred Stock that the Company or a successor corporation shall have the authority to issue
shall be increased or decreased;

(iii) create or issue any securities of the Company having rights,
preferences or privileges which are senior to, or pari passu with, any of the rights of any of the
Series A Preferred, or effect a merger, business combination, or other corporate transaction or
series of related transactions pursuant to which the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series
A Preferred will be changed in any way or pursuant to which the Company or a successor
corporation will have authorized any securities having rights, preferences, privileges or
preferences which are senior to, or pari passu with, the rights of any of the Series A Preferred;

(iv) | consummate any Liquidation;

(v) declare a dividend or other Distribution on any of the Company’s
stock; or

(vi) repurchase shares of the Company’s stock except in connection
with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, consultants,
officers and directors upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements
providing for the right of said repurchase, which agreements were authorized by the approval of
the Company’s Board of Directors.

6. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

7. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Article IV to be given to
the holders of Series A Preferred shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States mail,
postage prepaid, if deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or if personally
delivered, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s address appearing on the
books of the Company.

10
SF\446489.4
ARTICLE V

The board of directors shail have the power to adopt, amend and repeal the bylaws of the
Company (except insofar as the bylaws of the Company as adopted by action of the stockholders
of the Company shall otherwise provide). Any bylaws made by the directors under the powers
conferred hereby may be amended or repealed by the directors or by the stockholders, and the
powers conferred in this Article V shall not abrogate the right of the stockholders to adopt,
amend and repeal bylaws.

ARTICLE VI

Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the Company
shall so provide.

ARTICLE VII

The Company reserves the right to amend the provisions in this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and in any certificate amendatory hereof in the manner now or hereafter prescribed
by law, and all rights.conferred on stockholders or others hereunder or thereunder ate granted
subject to such reservation.

ARTICLE Vit

A. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as the
same exists or as may hereafter be amended, no director of the Company shall! be personally
liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended after approval by the
stockholders of this Article VIII to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the
personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Company shall be eliminated
or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as so
amended.

B. The Company shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director, officer or employee of the Company or any predecessor of the Company or serves or
served at any other enterprise as a director, officer or employee at the request of the Company or
any predecessor to the Company to the same extent as permitted under subparagraph (a) above.

C. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VIII, shall
eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VIII in respect of any matter occurring or any action
or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VII, would accrue or arise, prior to
such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

D. The Company may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any
director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or another corporation, partnership, joint

11
SFA446489.4.

venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the
Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss
under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

12

SF\446489.4
