State of Delaware
Secre of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 01:58 PM 04/06/2009
FILED 01:57 PM 04/06/2009
SRV 090338127 - 3747339 FILE

STATE OF DELAWARE CERTIFICATE OF
CORRECTION

Associated Content Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:
] The name of the corporation is Associated Content Inc.

2 That an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware on April 1, 2009 and that said Certificate
requires correction as permitted by Section 103 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware.

3 The inaccuracies or defects of said Certificate are:

a. The date of the Third Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement on
page 6 of said Certificate is incorrect.

b. The date of the Series C Preferred Stock Purchase Agrcement on page 13
of said Certificate is incorrect.

4 Anticle V, Section C(7)(ii) of the Certificate is corrected to read as follows:

“Any securities or other non-cash consideration to be delivered to the holders of
the Preferred Stock upon any Extraordinary Transaction shall be valued as
follows: (i) if traded on the New York Stock Exchange or The NASDAQ
National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices
of the securities on such exchange or system over the twenty (20) trading days
ending three (3) trading days preceding the consummation of such Extraordinary
Transaction; (ii) if actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to
be the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three
trading days prior to the closing of such Extraordinary Transaction; or (ili) if there
is no active public market, the value shal] be the fair market value thereof, as
determined in good faith by resolution of a majority the Board of Directors
(including at least one of the SOFTBANK Directors and one of the Canaan
Directors (each as defined in the Third Amended and Restated Stockholders
Agreement, as amended, modified, restated or supplemented from time to time
(the “Stockholders Agreement”). by and among the Corporation and the holders
of the Corporation’s capital stock listed on Exhibits A and B thereto) then in
office).”
5 The first full paragraph of Article V, Section E(4) of the Certificate is corrected to
read as follows:

“In the event the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the
Issuance Date, issue Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date
for the determination of holding of any class of securities entitled to receive such
Options or Convertible Securities (other than (i) any Options or Convertible
Securities in respect of Excluded Shares, and (ii) shares of Series C Preferred
Stock issued pursuant to the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement (the “Series C Stock Purchase Agreement”) (the “Excluded
Options or Convertible Securities”)). for a Purchase Price (determined by
dividing the Net Aggregate Consideration (as determined below) by the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued if all such Options or
other Convertible Securities were exercised, exchanged or converted immediately
after the issuance thereof (whether or not such Options or other Convertible
Securities are immediately exercisable, exchangeable or convertible)):”

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Associated Content Inc. has caused this Certificate
of Correction to be signed by its Secretary this 6th day of April, 2009.

ASSOCIATED CONTENT INC.

/s/ Craig Abruzzo
Name: Craig Abruzzo
Title: Secretary

4488043_1 DOC
