Me,

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 03:34 PM 03/10/2004
FILED 03:34 PM 03/10/2004
SRV 040180022 - 2458627 FILE

EIGHTH AMENDED AND. RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION
OF
ASTORIA SOFTWARE, INC.

‘Thomas Steding and Michael Sullivan hereby certify that:

ONE: The original name of this corporation is “Continuum Software, Inc.”, and the date of
filing the original Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware is December 16, 1994.

‘FWO: They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of Astoria
Soliware, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

THREE: The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation is hereby amended and restated to
read as follows: :
I.

The name of the corporation is ASTORIA SOFTWARE, INC, (ihe “Company’).
Il.

‘The address of the registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange
Sveet, in the City of Wilmington, County of Newcastle, Delaware 19801. The name of the Company’s
revistered agent at said address is The Corporation Trust Company.

.

‘The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation
may be organized under the General Company Law of the State of Delaware.

IV.

A. This Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, "Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the Company is
authorized to issue is 38,312,605 shares, 22,170,524 shares of which shall be Common Stock (the
“Common Stock’) and 16,142,081 shares of which shall be Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock’).

B, Effective upon the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, each outstanding share of Common Stock of this Company shall be reverse split into 1/100th
of one share of Common Stock. The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share and the
C'nmmon Stock (after giving effect to the reverse split) shall have a par value of $0.001 per share.

C. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Company (voting together on an as-if-converted
basis).

Wi) OAOGSO4LT- 153330871 128232205
D. Of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock, 5,612,969 shares are hereby
designated “Series A-1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series A-I Preferred”) and 10,529,112 shares are hereby
designated Series A-2 Preferred Stock (the “Series A-2 Preferred’, and, together with the Series A-1
Preferred, the “Series Preferred’).

E. The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the
Series Preferred are as follows:

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

a. Series A-2 Preferred. Holders of Series A-2 Preferred, in
preference to the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred and the Common Stock (“Junior Stock”), shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, but only out of funds that are legally
available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of 8% of the Series A-2 Original Issue Price (as defined
below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-2 Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares). The ‘Series-A-2 Original
Issue Price” shall be $0.720 per share. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as and if declared by
the Board of Directors and shall be non-cumulative.

b. Series A-1 Preferred. Following any payment of dividends to
the holders of the Series A-2 Preferred under Section 1{a) above, the holders of Series A-1 Preferred, in
preference to the holders of the Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the
Board of Directors, but only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of
8°% of the Series A-1 Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of
Series A-1 Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the
like with respect to such shares). The “Series A-1 Original Issue Price” shall be $0,960 per share. Such
dividends shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be non-
cumulative.

c. So long as any shares of Series A-2 Preferred shall be
outstanding, no dividend, whether in cash or property, shall be paid or declared, nor shall any other
distribution be made, on any shares of Junior Stock, nor shall any shares of any Junior Stock of the
Company be purchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for value by the Company until all dividends (set
forth in Section 1(a) above) on the Series A-2 Preferred shall have been paid or declared and set apart. In
the event dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock, an additional dividend shall be paid with
respect to all outstanding shares of Series A-2 Preferred in an amount equal per share (on an as-if-
converted to Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set aside for each share of Common Stock. The
provisions of this Section 1(c) shall not, however, apply to: (i) a dividend on shares of Common Stock
payable solely in Common Stock; (ii) the acquisition of shares of any Junior Stock in exchange for shares
of any other Junior Stock that is unanimously approved by the Company’s Board of Directors; (iii) any
repurchase of any outstanding securities of the Company that is unanimously approved by the Company’s
Board of Directors; or (iv) acquisitions of Common Stock or Preferred Stock by the Company pursuant to
agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares upon termination of services to the
Company, or in exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer, or as specifically
contemplated in Section 5 hereof.

WL) 030804/1-153 3308/1 1282325
2. VOTING RIGHTS.

- a. General Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein or as
required by law, the Series Preferred shall be voted equally with the shares of the Common Stock of the
Company and not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company,
and may act by wntten consent in the same manner as the Common Stock, in either case upon the
following basis: each holder of shares of Series Preferred shall be entitled to such number of votes as
shall be equal to the whole number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder’s aggregate
number of shares of Series Preferred are convertible (pursuant to Section 4 hereof) immediately after the
close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or the effective date of such written consent.

b. Separate Vote of Series A-2 Preferred. For so long as at
leust 2,105,822 shares of Series A-2 Preferred (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock
split or other similar event affecting the Series Preferred) remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote
or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding Series A-2 Preferred shall be necessary for effecting or validating the following ‘actions:

(i) Any increase or decrease (other than by redemption or
conversion) in the authorized number of shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock;

(ii) Any authorization or designation, whether by
reclassification or otherwise, of any class or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity
securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series A-2 Preferred in right of
redemption, liquidation preference, voting, dividends or otherwise;

(iii) Any alteration or change (whether by amendment of the
Company’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, merger, consolidation, recapitalization or otherwise) of
the voting powers, preferences, or other rights or privileges, or restrictions of the Series A-2 Preferred so
as to affect them adversely.

c. Separate Vote of Series A-1 Preferred. For so long as at
least 1,122,594 shares of Series A-1 Preferred (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock
split or other similar event affecting the Series Preferred) remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote
or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding Series A-1 Preferred shall be necessary for effecting or validating the following actions:

(i) Any increase or decrease (other than by redemption or
conversion) in the authorized number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock;

(ii) Any alteration or change (whether by amendment of the
Company’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, merger, consolidation, recapitalization or otherwise) of
the voting powers, preferences, or other special rights or privileges, or restrictions of the Series A-1
Preferred so as to affect them adversely.

d. Separate Vote of Series Preferred. For so long as at least
3,228,416 shares of Series Preferred (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split or other
similar event affecting the Series Preferred) remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent
required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of: (i) until the earlier of: (A) the one year

WD 0208043! -153323087 112823 2!v5
anniversary of the Original Issue Date (as defined herein); or (B) the date on which the Company shall
have issued more than 7,500,000 shares of Series A-2 Preferred (as adjusted for stock dividends,
combinations, splits recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares) (the ‘Standstill Period”),
the holders of 75% of the outstanding Series Preferred; and (ii) after the expiration of the Standstill Period,
the holders of a majority of the outstanding Series Preferred, shall be necessary for effecting or validating
the following actions:

{i) Any alteration or change (whether by amendment of the
Company’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, merger, consolidation, recapitalization or otherwise) of
the voting powers, preferences, or other rights or privileges, or restrictions of the Series Preferred so as to
atfect them adversely.

(ii) Any authorization or any designation, whether by
reclassification or otherwise. of any class or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity
securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series Preferred in right of redemption,
liquidation preference, voting, dividends or otherwise, or any increase in the authorized-or designated
number of any such class or series;

(iii) Any redemption, repurchase, payment of dividends or
other distributions with respect to Common Stock or Preferred Stock (except for acquisitions of Common
Stock or Preferred Stock by the Company pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to
repurchase such shares upon termination of services to the Company or in exercise of the Company’s
right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer, or as specifically contemplated in Section 5 hereof);

{iv) Incurrence of indebtedness for borrowed money in
excess of $100,000 in the aggregate without the approval of the Board of Directors;

(v) In any single month, make any payment to any single
creditor or employee of the Company in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate without the approval of the
Board of Directors;

(vi) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Company's Board of Directors,

(vii) Any Acquisition or Asset Transfer (as defined in Section
3(d)); or
(viii) Any Liquidating Event (as defined in Section 3(a)).
e. Election of Board of Directors. For so long as at least

3.228.416 shares of Series Preferred remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse
stuck split or similar event affecting the Series Preferred) and the authorized size of the Company’s Board
of Directors is five or more, (i) the holders of a majority of the Series A-2 Preferred, voting as a separate
class, shall be entitled to elect two members of the Company’s Board of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Company's stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from
office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors;
(u) the holders of a majority of the Series A-I Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to
elect one member of the Company's Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of

WE) 030804 1-153330B/1 1282 32:¥5
the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to
fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors; and (iii) the holders of a
majority of the Common Stock and the Series Preferred, voting together as a single class on an as-if-
converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all remaining members of the Board of Directors at each meeting
or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove
from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such
directors. No person entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate votes to which such person
1s entitled, unless, at the time of such election, the corporation is subject to Section 2115 of the California
General Corporation Law (“CG@CL"). During such time or times that the corporation is subject to Section
2115) of the CGCL, every stockholder entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate such
stockholder’s votes and give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be
elected multiplied by the number of votes to which such stockholder’s shares are otherwise entitled, or
distribute the stockholder’s votes on the same principle among as many candidates as such stockholder
desires. No stockholder, however, shall be entitled to so cumulate such stockholder’s votes unless (i) the
names of such candidate or candidates have been placed in nomination prior to the voting and (ii) the
stockholder has given notice at the meeting, prior to the voting, of such stockholder’s intention to cumulate
such stockholder’s votes. If any stockholder has given proper notice to cumulate votes, all stockholders
may cumulate their votes for any candidates who have been properly placed in nomination, Under
cumulalive voting, the candidates receiving the highest number of votes, up to the number of directors to
be elected, are elected.

f Removal. During such time or times that the corporation is
subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, the Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed
from office at any time without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
oustanding shares entitled to vote on such removal; provided, however, that unless the entire Board is
removed, no individual director may be removed when the votes cast against such director’s removal, or
nol consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient to elect that director if voted cumulatively at
ant election which the same total number of votes were cast (or, if such action is taken by written consent,
all shares entitled to vote were voted) and the entire number of directors authorized at the time of such
director's most recent election were then being elected.

3. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

a. Series A-2 Preferred. Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or
winding up of the Company, or any event deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up pursuant to
Section 3(d) below, whether voluntary or involuntary (collectively, a ‘Liguidating Event’), and before
any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Stock, the holders of Series A-2
Preterred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution (if
any) an amount per share of Series A-2 Preferred equal to two times the Series A-2 Original Issue Price
plus all declared and unpaid dividends on the Series A-2 Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares) for each share of Series A-2
Preferred held by them. If, upon any such liquidation, distribution, or winding up, the assets of the
Company shall be msufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series A-2 Preferred of the
liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(a), then such assets shall be distributed among the holders
of Series A-2 Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they
would otherwise be respectively entitled.

WH) 03080471 -1333308/5 12823245
b. Series A-1 Preferred. After the payment of the full liquidation
preference of the Series A-2 Preferred as set forth in Section 3{a) above, the holders of Series A-1
Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution (if
any) an amount per share of Series A-1 Preferred equal to the Series A-1 Original Issue Price plus all
declared and unpaid dividends on the Series A-1 Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares) for each share of Series A-1
Preferred held by them. If, upon any such liquidation, distribution, or winding up, the assets of the
Company shall be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series A-1 Preferred of the
liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(b), then such assets shall be distributed among the holders
of Series A-1 Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they
would otherwise be respectively entitled.

c. Series Preferred and Common Stock. After the payment of
the full liquidation preference of the Series Preferred as set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) above, the
remaining assets of the Company legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the
holders of the Common Stock and Series Preferred on an as-if-converted to Common’ Stock basis;
provided, however, that in no event shall the holders of Series A-2 Preferred receive, in the aggregate
under Sections 3(a) and this Section 3(c), distributions in an amount per share greater than: (i) four times
the Series A-2 Original Issue Price; plus (ii) the amount of all declared and unpaid dividends on the Series
A-2 Preferred, nor shall the holders of Series A-1 Preferred receive, in the aggregate under Sections 3(b)
and this Section 3(c), distributions in an amount per share greater than: (i) two times the Series A-1
Original Issue Price; plus (ii) the amount of all declared and unpaid dividends on the Series A-1
Preferred.

d. Deemed Liquidation. In the event that the Company is a party
to an Acquisition or Asset Transfer (as defined below), then each holder of Series Preferred shall be
entitled to receive, for each share of Series Preferred then held, out of the proceeds of such Acquisition or
Asset Transfer available for distribution to the stockholders, the amount of cash, securities or other
property to which such holder would be entitled to receive in a Liquidating Event pursuant to Section 3(a),
3(b) and 3(c) above. The following events shall be considered a liquidation under this Section:

(i) any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into
any other corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization, in which the
stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, own less
than 50% of the Company’s voting power immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization,
or any {ransaction or series of related transactions to which the Company is a party in which in excess of
50% of the Company’s voting power is transferred, excluding any consolidation or merger effected
exclusively to change the domicile of the Company (an “Aequisition’’); or

(ii) a Sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company (an “Asset Transfer”),

e. Valuation. In the case of an Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the
consideration received by the Company is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar

restrictions on free marketability covered by (ii) below:

WD 030804/7-153 2308/1 1282324 5
(A) If traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq National
Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such
quotation system over the 30 day period ending three days prior to the closing;

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to
be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the 30 day period ending
three days prior to the closing; and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to
mvestment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue
ola shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from
the market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair market value
thereof. as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. .

4. CONVERSION RIGHTS.

The holders of the Series Preferred shal] have the following rights with respect to the conversion
of the Series Preferred into shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion Rights’):

a. Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 4, any shares of Series Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be converted
at any time into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common
Stock to which a holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled upon conversion shall be the product obtained
by multiplying the appropriate “Series Preferred Conversion Rate” then in effect (determined as provided
in Section 4(b)) by the number of shares of Series Preferred being converted.

b. <‘ Series Preferred Conversion Rate. For the purposes of this
Section 4 (and notwithstanding the difference between the Series A-1 Original Issue Price and the Series
A-2 Original Issue Price), the conversion rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series A-l
Preferred shal] equal the conversion rate of the Series A-2 Preferred (the ‘Series Preferred Conversion
Rate”). The Series Preferred Conversion Rate for both the Series A-1 Preferred and the Series A-2
Preferred shall equal the quotient obtained by dividing the Series A-2 Original Issue Price by the “Series
Preferred Conversion Price’, calculated as provided in Section 4(c),

¢. Series Preferred Conversion Price. The conversion price for
both the Series A-1 Preferred and the Series A-2 Preferred (the ‘Series Preferred Conversion Price”)
shall initially be equal to the Series A-2 Original Issue Price (notwithstanding the difference between the
Series A-1 Original Issue Price and the Series A-2 Original Issue Price), Such initial Series Preferred
Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Section 4, and all references
to the Series Preferred Conversion Price shall mean the Series Preferred Conversion Price as so adjusted,

d. Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series Preferred
who desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4 shall surrender
the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or any transfer agent

WH 030804 1-1533308/1128232/ 5
for the Series Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Company at such office that such holder
elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of shares of Series Preferred being
converted. Thereupon, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver at such office to such holder a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled and
shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient funds are not then legally available therefor, in
Common Stock (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board of Directors as of the
date of such conversion), any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Series Preferred being
converted and (ii) in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board of Directors
as of the date of conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any
holder of Series Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made at the close of business
on the date of such surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Series Preferred to be
converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

e. Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the
Company shal] at any time or from time to time after the date that the first share of Series Preferred is
issued (the ‘Original Issue Date”) effect a subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock without a
corresponding subdivision of the Preferred Stock, the Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect
immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased. Conversely, if the Company shall at
any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date combine the outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares without a corresponding combination of the Preferred Stock, the
Scries Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately
increased. Any adjustment under this Section 4(e) shall become effective at the close of business on the
date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

f Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and
Distributions. If the Company at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date makes, or
fixes a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then in each such event the Series
Preferred Conversion Price then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the
event such record date is fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying the Series
Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date, and (ii) the denominator of which is the total number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the close of
business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such
dividend or distribution; provided, however, that if such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Series Preferred Conversion
Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the
Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section 4(f) to reflect the actual
payment of such dividend or distribution.

g. Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange and
Substitution. If at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date, the Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion of the Series Preferred is changed into the same or a different number of
shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by recapitalization, reclassification or otherwise (other
than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer as defined in Section 3(d) or a subdivision or combination of shares
or stock dividend or a reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets provided for elsewhere in this

WI) UAO80475 -153 3308/1 12823245
Section 4), i any such event each holder of Series Preferred shall have the right thereafter to convert
such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such
recapitalization, reclassification or other change by holders of the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock into which such shares of Series Preferred could have been converted immediately prior to such
recapitalization, reclassification or change, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein or with
respect to such other securities or property by the terms thereof.

h. Reorganizations, Mergers, Consolidations or Sales of
Assets. If at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date, there is a capital reorganization
of the Common Stock (other than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer as defined in Section 3(d) or a
recapitalization, subdivision, combination, reclassification, exchange or substitution of shares provided for
elsewhere in this Section 4), as a part of such capital reorganization, provision shall be made so that the
holders of the Series Preferred shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series
Preferred the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Company to which a holder
of the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
capital reorganization, subject to adjustment in respect of such stock or securities by the terms thereof. In
any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4
with respect to the rights of the holders of Series Preferred after the capital reorganization to the end that
the provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Series Preferred Conversion Price then in
effect and the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Series Preferred) shall be applicable after
that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

i. Sale of Shares Below Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) If at any time or from time to time after the Original
Issue Date, the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this subsection to have
issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined in subsection (iv) below), other than as a
dividend or other distribution on any class of stock as provided in Section 4(f) above, and other than a
subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock as provided in Section 4(e) above, for an Effective
Price (as defined in subsection (iv) below) less than the then effective Series Preferred Conversion Price
‘(4 “Dilutive Issuance”), then and in each such case the then existing Series Preferred Price shall be
reduced, as of the opening of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a price determined by
multiplying the Series Preferred Conversion Price by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which shall be: (A)
the number of shares of Common Stock “deemed outstanding” (as defined below) immediately prior to
such issue or sale; plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration
received (as defined in subsection (ii)) by the Company for the total number of Additional Shares of
Common Stock so issued would purchase at such Series Preferred Conversion Price, and (ii) the
denominator of which shall be: (C) the number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as
defined below) immediately prior to such issue or sale (and without giving effect to the adjustments
contemplated in this paragraph); plus (D) the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so
issued. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be
outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of: (X) the number of shares of Common Stock actually
outstanding; (Y) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the then outstanding shares of Series
Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day immediately preceding the given date; and
(Z) the number of shares of Common Stock which could be obtained through the exercise or conversion of
all other nights, options and convertible securities outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given
date.

WD 030804/1 - 15333 08/1 128232/V5
(ii) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section 4(i), the consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of securities shall (A) to
the extent i{ consists of cash, be computed at the net amount of cash received by the Company after
deduction of any underwriting or similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the
Company in connection with such issue or sale but without deduction of any expenses payable by the
Company, (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, be computed at the fair value of that
property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common
Stock, Convertible Securities (as defined in subsection (iii)) or rights or options to purchase either
Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock
or securities or other assets of the Company for a consideration which covers both, be computed as the
portion of the consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors to be allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or
options.

(iii) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this
Section 4(i), if the Company issues or sells (i) stock or other securities convertible into, Additional Shares
of Common Stock (such convertible stock or securities being herein referred to as “Convertible
Securities”) or (ii) rights or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities and if the Effective Price of such Additional Shares of Common Stock is less than
the Series Preferred Conversion Price, in each case the Company shall be deemed to have issued at the
time of the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have received as
consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of the consideration, if
any, received by the Company for the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities, plus, in
the case of such rights or options, the minimum amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company
upon the exercise of such rights or options, plus, in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company (other than by cancellation of liabilities or
obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) upon the conversion thereof; provided, however
that if in the case of Convertible Securities the minimum amounts of such consideration cannot be
ascertained, but are a function of antidilution or similar protective clauses, the Company shall be deemed to
have received the. minimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses; provided,
Jurther that if the minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or
conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-
occurrence of specified events other than by reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective Price shall
be recalculated using the figure to which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced; provided,
Jurther that if the minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or
conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price
shall be again recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company
upon the exercise or conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities. No further adjustment of
the Series Preferred Conversion Price, as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible
Securities, shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock on the
exercise of any such rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible Securities. If any such
rights or options or the conversion privilege represented by any such Convertible Securities shall expire
without having been exercised, the Series Preferred Conversion Price as adjusted upon the issuance of
such rights, options or Convertible Securities shall be readjusted to the Series Preferred Conversion Price
which would have been in effect had an adjustment been made on the basis that the only Additional
Shares of Common Stock so issued were the Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued

Wi) O30804/1 -1533I08/ 112823205
or sold on the exercise of such rights or options or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and
such Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration actually
received by the Company upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the
Company for the granting of all such rights or options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration
received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually converted, plus the consideration, if any,
actually received by the Company (other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such
Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such Convertible Securities, provided that such readjustment
shall not apply to prior conversions of Series Preferred.

(iv) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all
shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to this Section 4{(i),
other than:

(A) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Series
Preferred:

{B) shares of Common Stock and/or options, warrants or other
Common Stock purchase rights, and the Common Stock issued pursuant to such options, warrants or other
rights after the Original Issue Date to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the
Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other arrangements
approved by the Board;

{C) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of
options, wartants or convertible securities outstanding as of the Original Issue Date;

(D) shares of Common Stock issued in connection with any stock split,
stock dividend or recapitalization by the Company;

(E) shares of Common Stock and/or options, warrants or other
Common Stock purchase rights, and the Common Stock issued pursuant to such options, watrants or other
rights issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar
business combination approved by the Board;

(F) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to any real estate or
equipment leasing arrangement, or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by
the Board;

(G) shares of Series Preferred issued under the Purchase Agreement;
and

(H) any shares of Common Stock issued in connection with a
registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; provided, however, that the
total number of such shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to clause (B) shall not exceed
3,889,000 shares and pursuant to clauses (E) and (F) shall not exceed 2,000,000 shares in the aggregate
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like) at any time after
the Original Issue Date.

WD 030804/1-1533308/11282324v5
References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (iv) above shall mean all
shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to this Section 4(4).
The ‘Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the quotient determined by
dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold; or deemed to have been
issued or sold by the Company under this Section 4(i), into the aggregate consideration received, or
deemed to have been received by the Company for such issue under this Section 4(i), for such Additional
Shares of Common Stock.

j. Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or
readjustment of the Series Preferred Conversion Price for the number of shares of Common Stock or
other securities issuable upon conversion of the Series Preferred, if the Series Preferred is then
convertible pursuant to this Section 4, the Company, at its expense, shall compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the provisions hereof and prepare a certificate showing such adjustment
or readjustment, and shall mail such certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each registered
holder of Series Preferred at the holder’s address as shown in the Company’s books. The certificate shall
set forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. including a statement of (i) the consideration received or deemed to be received by
the Company for any Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold or deemed to have been issued
or sold, (ii) the Series Preferred Conversion Price at the time in effect, (iii) the number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock and (iv) the type and amount, if any, of other property which at the time would
be received upon conversion of the Series Preferred,

k. Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company
of arecord of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who
arc entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) any Acquisition or other capital
reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company,
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation, or any Asset Transfer, or
any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the Company shall mail
to each holder of Series Preferred at least 10 days prior to the record date specified therein (or such
shorter period approved by a majority of the outstanding Series Preferred) a notice specifying (A) the date
on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution and a description
of such dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification,
transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected to become
effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to be fixed as to when the holders of record of Common Stock
(or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for
securities or other property deliverable upon such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer,
consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

1. Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stack, based on the then-effective Series Preferred Conversion Price,
(A) at any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares
of the Series Preferred voting as a single class, or (B) immediately upon the closing of a firmly
underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the Company in which
the gross cash proceeds to the Company (before underwriting discounts, commissions and fees) are at

WH) 030804/1-1533308/1 12823205
least $15,000,000. Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in
accordance with the provisions of Section 4(d).

(ii) Special Mandatory Conversion. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, if: (A) the Company shall, after the Original Issue Date, deliver
written notice (the ‘Final Closing Notice”) to the holders of Series A-2 Preferred (the ‘Series A-2
Holders”) informing them of the Company’s intent to sell up to 5,228,098 additional shares of Series A-2
Preferred to such Series A-2 Holders at a purchase price equal to the Series A-2 Original Issue Price per
share (or an aggregate purchase price of up to $3,764,232) (the “Final Closing Shares”), which Final
Closing Notice shall set forth: (1) the number of Final Closing Shares that the Company proposes to sell to
each Series A-2 Holder as determined under that certain Series A-1 and Series A2 Preferred Stock
Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement’) dated on or around March 10, 2004 originally by and
among the Company and the Series A-2 Holders (for each Series A-2 Holder, its ‘Pre Rata Portion’’)
and (2) the proposed closing date of such sale (the ‘Final Closing Date”); and (B) any Series A-2
Holder does not acquire at least its Pro Rata Portion of the Final Closing Shares as required by and in
accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement (a “Non-Participating Holder”), then each share
of Series Preferred, as well as each share of Series Preferred underlying any warrants or convertible or
derivative securities held by each Non-Participating Holder (or any transferee of such Non-Participating
Holder) shall automatically, and without further action on the part of such Non-Participating Holder (or
any transferee), be converted into the right to receive that number of shares of Common Stock into which
such share of Series Preferred is convertible, effective as of the date immediately preceding the Final
Closing Date (the “Mandatory Conversion”). The conversion and cancellation of any shares of
Preferred Stock in connection with a Mandatory Conversion shall be the sole remedy available to the
Company against any Non-Participating Holder in law or equity, in accordance with the provisions of the
Purchase Agreement. Any purchases by any affiliate of a Series A-2 Holder shall be deemed to be a
purchase by such Series A-2 Holder for purposes of determining whether such Series A-2 Holder has
purchased at least its Pro Rata Portion of the Final Closing Shares in satisfaction of this 4(1)(ii).

(iii) Upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in
Sections 4())Gi) or 4(€)(ii) above, the outstanding shares of Series Preferred shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however, that
the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Series Preferred are either
delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Company or its
transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement
satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with
such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic conversion of the Series Preferred, the holders
of Series Preferred shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company
or any transfer agent for the Series Preferred. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such
holder promptly at such office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series
Preferred surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and
any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 4(d).

m. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of Series Preferred. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions thereof)

WI) 030804/1-1533308/1 1282324 5
issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series Preferred by a holder thereof shall be
aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the issuance of any
fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the conversion would result in the issuance of
any fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay cash equal to the
product of such fraction multiplied by the Common Stock’s fair market value (as determined by the Board
of Directors) on the date of conversion.

n. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series Preferred, such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of
all outstanding shares of the Series Preferred. If at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares
of Cammon Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the
Series Preferred, the Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be
necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as
shall be sufficient for such purpose.

0. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4
shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (4) upon personal delivery to the party to be
notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed telex or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient;
if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized
overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All notices shall be
addressed to each holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

p- Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to the issue
or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series Preferred, excluding any tax
or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of
Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series Preferred so converted were
registered.

q- No Dilution or Impairment. Without the consent of the
holders of then outstanding Series Preferred as required under Section 2, the Company shall not amend its
Restated Certificate of Incorporation or participate in any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger. dissolution, issue or sale of securities or take any other voluntary action, for the purpose of
avoiding or seeking to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or
performed hereunder by the Company, but shall at all times in good faith assist in carrying out all such
action as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the
holders of the Series Preferred against dilution or other impairment.

5. REDEMPTION.

a. The Company shall be obligated to redeem the Series Preferred
as follows:

(i) The holders of: (1) during the Standstif! Period, at least
75% of the then outstanding shares of Series Preferred, voting together as a separate class; and (2) after

WD 030804/1-1533308/1 1282 32:v5
the expiration of the Standstill Period, at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series
Preferred, voting together as a separate class, may require the Company, to the extent it may lawfully do
so. to redeem the Series Preferred in three equal annual installments beginning on any date following the
fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date, and ending on the date two years from such first redemption
dale (each a “Redemption Date”); provided, however, that the Company shall receive written notice at
least 90 days prior to the initial Redemption Date of the election to redeem by the holders of the Series
Preferred. The Company shall effect such redemptions on the applicable Redemption Date by paying in
cash in exchange for the shares of Series Preferred to be redeemed as follows:

(A) with respect to the Series A-2 Preferred, an amount equal to the
Series A-2 Original Issue Price per share of Series A-2 Preferred, plus declared and unpaid dividends with
respect to such shares (the “Series A-2 Redemption Price’’); and

(B) with respect to the Series A-1 Preferred, an amount equal to the
Senes A-{ Original Issue Price per share of Series A-1 Preferred, plus declared and unpaid dividends with
respect to such shares (the “Series A-] Redemption Price”). .

Otherwise unqualified references to the “Redemption Price” of the Series Preferred shall
mean the Series A-2 Redemption Price and/or the Series A-1 Redemption Price, as the context requires.
The ‘Redemption Amount’ of the Series Preferred shall mean the aggregate Series A-2 Redemption
Price and/or the aggregate Series A-1 Redemption Price for all shares of Series A-2 Preferred and/or
Series A-1 Preferred subject to redemption on a given Redemption Date, as the context requires.

(ii) The number of shares of Series Preferred that the
Company shall be required to redeem on any one Redemption Date shall be as follows:

{A) with respect to the Series A-2 Preferred, the amount determined
by dividing (A) the aggregate number of shares of Series A-2 Preferred outstanding immediately prior to
the Redemption Date by (B) the number of remaining Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date
1o which such calculation applies).

(B) with respect to the Series A-1 Preferred, the amount determined
by dividing (A) the aggregate number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred outstanding immediately prior to
the Redemption Date by (B) the number of remaining Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date
to which such calculation applies).

(iii) At least 30 days but no more than 60 days prior to the
first Redemption Date, the Company shall send a notice (a “Redemption Notice”) to all holders of Series
Preferred to be redeemed setting forth (A) the Redemption Price for the shares to be redeemed; and
({B) the place at which such holders may obtain payment of the Redemption Price upon surrender of their
share certificates. If, on any Redemption Date, the Company shall have insufficient assets to make
payment in full of the Redemption Amount due on such Redemption Date to all holders of Series
Preferred, then the assets available for such payment (if any) shall be distributed among the holders of
Series Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would
otherwise be respectively entitled to receive, and any unpaid portion of such Redemption Amount shall
accrue interest at a rate of 1% per month (commencing on the Redemption Date) until paid.

WI) D30804/ 1-1533308/1128232/v5
b. On or prior to each Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit
the Redemption Amount of all shares to be redeemed on such Redemption Date with a bank or trust
company having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of $100,000,000, as a trust fund, with irrevocable
instructions and authority to the bank or trust company to pay, on and after such Redemption Date, the
Redemption Price of the shares to their respective holders upon the surrender of their share certificates.
Any moneys deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 5(b) for the redemption of shares
thereafter converted into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 hereof no later than the fifth day
preceding the Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company forthwith upon such conversion,

c. On each Redemption Date (or promptly thereafter), each holder
of shares of Series Preferred to be redeemed shall surrender such holder’s certificates representing such
shares to the Company in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and
thereupon the Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name
appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be
canceled. In the event less than all the shares represented by such certificates are redeemed, a new
certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares. From and after such Redémption Date,
unless there shall have been a default in payment of the Redemption Price or the Company is unable to
pay the Redemption Price due to not having sufficient legally available funds, all rights of the holder of
such shares as holder of Series Preferred (except the right to receive the Redemption Price upon
surrender of their certificates), shall cease and terminate with respect to such shares; provided, however,
that in the event that shares of Series Preferred are not redeemed due to a default in payment by the
Company or because the Company does not have sufficient legally available funds, such shares of Series
Preferred shall remain outstanding and shall be entitled to all of the rights and preferences provided herein.

d. In the event of a call for redemption of any shares of Series
Preferred, the Conversion Rights (as defined in Section 4) for such Series Preferred shall terminate as to
the shares designated for redemption at the close of business on the fifth day preceding the Redemption
Date, unless default is made in payment of the Redemption Price.

6. NO REISSUANCE OF SERIES PREFERRED.

No share or shares of Series Preferred acquired by the Company by reason of redemption,
purchase, conversion or otherwise shal! be reissued.

7. NO PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS.

Stockholders shall have no preemptive rights except as granted by the Company pursuant to
written agreements.

Vv.

A. The liability of the directors for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the
fullest extent under applicable law.

B. This corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the CGCL) for breach of duty to the corporation and its shareholders through bylaw
provisions or through agreements with the agents, or through shareholder resolutions, or otherwise, in
excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the CGCL, subject, at any time or

WD 0210804/1 -1533308/1128232/¥5
limes that the corporation is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, to the limits on such excess
indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the CGCL.

C. The holders of the Series Preferred expressly waive their rights, if any, as
described in California Code Sections 502, 503 and 506 as they relate to repurchases of shares upon
lermination of employment or service as a consultant or director.

D. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall not
effect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or
omission to act giving rise to liability.

Vi.

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Company, and in
further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Company, of its directors and of its
stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that: .

A. ‘The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Company
shall be vested in its Board of Directors. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board
of Directors shall be fixed at five directors.

B. Subject to the indemnification provisions in the Bylaws, the Board of Directors
may from time to time make, amend, supplement or repeal the Bylaws; provided, however, that the
stockholders may change or repeal any Bylaw adopted by the Board of Directors by the affirmative vote
of the percentage of holders of capital stock as provided therein; and, provided further, that no amendment
or supplement to the Bylaws adopted by the Board of Directors shall vary or conflict with any amendment
or supplement thus adopted by the stockholders.

C. The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

me KOK

FOUR: _ This Eighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly approved
by the Board of Directors of the Company.

FIVE: This Eighth Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Company Law of the State of
Delaware by the Board of Directors and the stockholders of the Company. The total number of
outstanding shares entitled to vote or act by written consent was 10,553,151 shares of Common Stock. A
majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock approved this Eighth Amended and Restated .
Certificate of Incorporation by written consent in accordance with Section 228 of the General Company
Law of the State of Delaware and written notice of such was given by the Company in accordance with
said Section 228.

WD 03080471 -1533308/ 112823245
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, ASTORIA SOFTWARE, INC. has caused this Eighth Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by the President and the Secretary in San Francisco,
California this 10th day of March, 2004.

ASTORIA SOFTWARE, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas Steding
President

Attest:

By: /s/ Michael J. Sullivan
Secretary

W 1 03N8O4/1 -1533308/1 12823275
