State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 12:27 PM 02/15/2006
FILED 12:24 PM 02/15/2006
SRV 060142154 - 3797104 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
ATHENAGEN, INC.

Athcnugen, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Corporation”), certifies that:

A. ‘lhe name of the Corporation is Athenagen, Inc. The Corporation’s original
Certificate of Incorporation wus filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April
29, 2004.

BR. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the Gencral Corporation Law of the State of Delawure, and
restates, intcgra(es and further amends the provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of
Incorporation.

C. The text of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is amended and
resluled to read as set forth in EXHIBIT A utluched hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Athenagen. Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by W. Scott Harkonen, M.D., a duly authorized officer of
the Corporation, on February 15, 2006.

A CO
1d Suet Wa a
a a wee

W. Scott Harkoncn, M.D.
Chief Executive Officer

Athenazen - Second AR Cortificate af Inonmporction_(PAL!B2_3329819_3)
EXHIBIT A
ARTICLE J

The name of the Corporation is Athenagen, Inc.
ARTICLE II

‘Ihe purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
comorations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE II

‘The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange
Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801. ‘The name of the registered agent at such
acldress is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE 1V

The total number of shares of stock that the corporation shall have authority to issue is Forty-
Six Million Seven Hundred Thousand (46,700,000), consisting of Thirty Million (30,000,000) shares
of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and Sixteen Million Seven Hundred Thousand
(16,700,000) shares of Preferred Stuck, $U.0001 par value per share. ‘he first Serics of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Sixteen Million Seven
Hundred Theusand (16,700,000) shares.

ARTICLE V
The tenns and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Definitions, For purposes of this ARTICLE V, the following definitions shall apply:

.

(a) “Conversion Price” shall mean $U.47 per share for the Serics A Preferred
Stock (subject to adjustment from time to lime for Recapitalizations and as otherwise set forth
elsewhere herein).

(b) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or
other sccuritics convertible inlo or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(c) “Corporation” shall mean Athenagen, Ine.

(1) “Distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or other property withoul
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock
payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation for cash or
property other than: (1) repurchases of Common Stock issucd to or held by employees, officers,
directors or consultants uf the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon tennination of their employment
or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of

TION ZO 7
Comman Stock issued to or held by employces. officers. directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right,
(iii) repurchase of cupital stock of the Corporation in connection with the settlement of disputes with
any stockholder, (iv) any other repurchase or redemption of cupital stock of the Corporation
approved hy the holders of the Common and Preferred Stock of the Corporation voting as separate
classes.

(e) “Dividend Rate” shall mean an annual rate of $0.04 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere
herein).

(t) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $0.47 per share lor the Scrics A
Preferred Stack (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere
hercin).

(g) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire Comman Stock or Convertible Securities.

(h) = “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.47 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein).

(a) “Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A Preferred Stuck.

i) “Recapitalization” shall mean any stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or oller similar event,

2. Dividends.

(a) Preferred Stock. In any calendar year, the holders of outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be enlilled lo receive dividends, when, us und if declared by the Board of
Directors, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor, at the Dividend Rate specified for
such shares uf Preferred Stack payable in preference and priority to any declaration or payment of
any Distribution on Common Stock of the Corporation in such calendar year. No Distributions shall
be rade with respect to the Common Stock unul all declared dividends on the Preferred Stock have
been paid or set aside for payment to the Preferred Stock holders. Payment ofauy dividends to the
holders of the Preterred Stock shall be una pro rala, pari passu basis in proportion to the Dividend
Rates for each series of Preferred Stock. The right to reccive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock
shall not be cumulative, and no right to such dividends shall accmie to halders of Preferred Stock by
reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared or paid in any calendar year.

(b) = Comnion Stuck) Dividends may be paid ou the Common Stuck when, as and
if declared by the Board of Directors, subject to the prior dividend rights of the Preterred Stock and
to Section 6 below.

(c) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this
Section 2 shall he payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be deemed
to be the fair market value of such property as determined in good [aith by the Board of Directors.

3326619 3.D0C ye
(d) Consenl to Cerlain Distributions. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the
California Corporations Code, if Section 502 or Section 503 of the Califorma Corporations Code is
applicuble to a payment made by the Corporation then such applicable section or sections shall not
apply ifsuch payment is a payment made by the Corporation in connection with (1) repurchases of
Common Stock issucd to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or ils subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or scrvices pursuant to agreements
providing for the right of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by
employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or ils subsidiaries pursuant to rights
of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right, (iti) repurchases of Common Stock
or Preferred Stock in connection with the settlement of disputes with any stockholder, (iv) any other

repurchase or redemption of Common Stock or Preferred Stuck approved by the holders of Preterred
Stock of the Corporation.

3. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Liquidation Preference. Iu the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation. cither voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of the Common Stack by reason of their ownership of such stock, un
ainount per share for each share of Preferred Stock held by them equal to the sum of (i) the
Liquidation Preference specified for such share of Preferred Stock and (ii) all declared hut unpaid
dividends (if any) on such share of Preferred Stock. [fupon the hquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, the asscts of the Corporation legally available for distribution to the holders of
the Preferred Stock are insufficient to pennit the payment to such holders of the fill amounts
specificd in this Section 3(a), then the enlire assets of the Corporation legully available for
distribution shall be distributed with cqual priority and pro rata among the holders of the Preferred

Stock in propurtion to the fill amounts they would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this
Section 3(a).

(b) Remaining Assets. After the payment or setting aside for payment to the
holders of Preferred Stock of the full amounts specified in Section 3(a) above, the entire remaining
assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed pro rata to holders of

the Common Stuck of the Corporation in proportian to the number of shares of Common Stock held
by them,

shares not Trealed us Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock ina
Distribution. Shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of Common
Stock in order to participate in any Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of Comman
Stock, without first foregoing participation in the Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of
Preferred Stock.

(d)  Reorgunization. Unless the holders of more than 66 2/3% of the outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock elect otherwise, for purposes of this Section 3, a liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation shall he deemed tn he necasioned by, or to melude, (a) the
acquisition of the Corporation by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related
transactions to which the Corporation is party (including, without limitation, any stock acquisition,

3329619_4 DOL -4-
reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any sale of stock for capital raising purposes)
other than a transaction or series of transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the
Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to retain (either by such
voting securities remaining outstanding or by such voting sccurilics being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity), as a result of shares in the Corporation held by such holders prior
to such transaction, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting
securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity oulslanding immediately after such transaction
or series of transactions; (b) a sale, Icasc or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the asscts
of the Corporation; or (c) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any stock acquisilion, merger or sale of
ugsets to an affiliate of any holder of more than Six Hundred Forty Thousand (640,000) shares of
Preferred Stack (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) shall not be deemed to be a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation for purposes of this Section 3.

(e€) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. TCany assets of the Corporation
distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution. or winding up of the
Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such asscts shall be their fair market value as
determined in good faith hy the Board of Directors, except that any publicly-traded securities tu be
distributed to stockholders in a liquidation. dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be
valued as follows:

(i) If the sccuritics arc then traded on a national securities exchange or the
Nasday Stock Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value of the securities shall
be decmed to be the averave of the closing prices of the securilies on such exchunge or system over
the ten (10) trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the Distribution;

(ii) if the securilivs ure aclively traded over-the-counter, then the value of
the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the ten
(10) trading day period ending five (4) trading days prior to the Distribution.

In the event ofa merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity, the
Distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

For the purposes of this subsection 3(e). “trading day” shall mean any duy which the
exchange or system on which the securilies lo be distribulcd are traded is open and “closing prices”
or “closing bid prices” shall be deemed to be: (i) for securities traded primarily on the New York
Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq, the last reparted trade price or sale price,
as the case may be, at 4:00 p.m., New York lime, on that day and (ii) for securities listed or traded on
other exchanges, markets and systems, the market price as of the end of the regular hours trading
period that is generally accepted as such for such exchange, market or system. I, aller the date
hereof, the benchmark times generally accepted in the sccuritics industry for determining the market
price of a stock as of a given trading day shall change from those set forth above, the fair market
valuc shall be delermuicd as of such other penerally accepted benchmark times.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shali have conversion rights as
follows:

3339019 3.D0C -5-
(a) Right to Convent, Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the hulder ther eof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into that uumber of fully-paid,
uonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
relevant series by the Conversion Price for such scries. (The number of shares af Common Stock
jnto which cach share of Preferred Stock ofa series may be converted is hercinaler referred to as the
“Conversion Rate” for cach such scrics.) Upon any deercase or incrcasc in the Conversion Price
for any series of Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the Conversion Rale for such series
shall be appropriately increased or decreased.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share af Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into fully-puid, nori-ussessuble shures of Cornmon Stock ut the then effective Conversion
Rate for such share (i) immediatcly prior to the closing of a firm commitment underwritten initial
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amendcd (the “Securiies Act”), covering the offer and sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock,
provided that the offering price per sharc is not Iess than $2.35 (as adjusted for Recapitalizations)
and the aggregate gross proceeds to the Corporation are not less than Twenty Million ($20,000,000),
or (ii) upon the receipt by the Corporation ofa written request for such conversion from the holders
of 66 2/3% of the Preferred Stock then outstanding, or, if later. the effective date for conversion

specified in such requests (each of the events referred to in (i) and (ii) are referred to herein as an
“Automatic Conversion Event’).

(c} Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stuck shall be
issucd upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied hy the
then fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Buurd of Directors. For
such purpose, all shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock shall be
appregated, and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall he paid in cash. Refore any
holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and
to receive certiticalcs therelor, be shall erther (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor,
duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or
(3) notify the Corporation ar its transfer agent that such certificates have been lust, stulen ur
destroyed and execute an agreement salisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates, and shall give written natice to the
Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the same; provided, however, that on the date of
an Automatic Conversion Event, the outstanding sharcs of Preferred Stock shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its trausler agent;
provided further, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion Event unless either the
cecrlificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered lo the Corpuration or its transfer
agent as provided above, or the holder nolifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by il in connection with such
certificates. On (he date of the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion Event. each holder of record
of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock

3329629 3.00C -G-
issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shares of
Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that notice from the
Corporation shall not have been received by any holder of record of shares of Preferred Stack, or
that the certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock shull net then be actually delivered to
such holder.

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicuble atler such delivery, or attcr such agreement and
indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares af Common Stock to which he shall he entitled as aforesaid und
a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a
cunversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the
converted Preferred Stock. Such canversion shall be deemed to have been made inunediately prior
to the close of busincss on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such dale; provided, however, Uhat ifthe conversion is in connection with an
underwritten offer of securitics registered pursuant to the Sccuritics Act or a merger, sale, financing,
or liquidation of the Corporation or other event. the conversion may, at the aption af any holder
tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditiuned upon the closing of such transaction or
upon the occurrence of such event, in which case the person(s) cntitled to receive the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not. be deemed to have converted such

Preferred Stock until immediaiely prior lo the closing of such transaclion or the occurrence of such
event.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issucs.

(i) Spectral Definition. For purposes of this paragraph 4(d), “Additional
Shares of Common” shall mean all sharcs of Common Stock issucd (or, pursuant to paragraph
4(d)(iii), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the filing of this Amended and Restited
Certificate of Incorporation, other than issuances or deemed issuances of:

(1) — shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of sharcs of
Preferred Stock;

(2) shares of Common Stock issucd or issuable to officers,
directors aud employees of, or consultants to, the Corporation pursuant to stock grants, option plans,
purchase plans or other employee stock incentive programs or arrangements approved by the Buurd
of Directors including all the Scries A Dircelors (as declined in Section 5(d) below), or upon exercise
of options or warrants granted to such parties pursuant to any such plan or arrangement;

(3) sharcs of Common Siock issucd upon the exercise or
conversion of Options or Convertible Securities outstanding as of the date of the filing of this
Amended and Restaled Certificate of Tncarporation:

3329619 3.D6C 7
(4) shares af Common Stock issued or issuable us a dividend or
distribution on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to
paragraph 4{e), 4(f) or 4(g) hereof; and

(5) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to banks,
equipment lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing or
real property Icasing transachiun approved by the Board of Directors.

(ii) No Adjustinent of Conversion Price. No adjusunent in the Conversion
Price of a particular scrics of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional
Shares of Common unless the consideration per share (as determined pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(v))
for an Additional Share of Common issued or deemed to he issued by the Comaoration is less than

the Conversion Price in cficcl on the date of, and immediately prior lo such issuc, tor such series of
Preferred Stock.

(ii) Decmed Issuc of Additional Shares of Common. In the event the
Corporalion al any time or from time to time after the date of the filing of this Amended and
Restated Certilicale of Ineurporation shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a
record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to reecive any such
Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the
instrument relaling thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein fur a subsequent
adjustment of such numbcr) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the
case of Convertible Securities, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities or, in the
case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options und the conversion or
exchange of the underlying sccuritics, shall be decmed to have becn issucd as of the time of such
issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such recard
date, provided that in any such case in which shares are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of any series of
Preferred Stock shall be mude upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Sccurilics or shares of
Common Stock in connection with the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities;

(2) if such Options ar Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of line or olberwise. for any change in the consideration payable to the
Corporation or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion ar
exchange thereof (other than a change pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of such Qptions or
Convertible Sccuritics such us this Secon 4(d) or pursuant lo Recupitalization provisions of such
Options or Convertible Sccuritics such as Sections 4(c), 4(f) and 4(g) hereof), the Conversion Price
of euch series of Preferred Stock and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall be recomiputed
to reflect such change as if such change had been in effect us of the original issue thereof (or upon
the occurrence of the record dale with respect thereto);

(3) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) above shall have the
effect af incrcasing the Conversion Price ofa series of Preferred Stock to an amount ahave the
Conversion Price that would have resulted from any other issuances of Additional Shares of

SSIS FER -R-
Common and any other adjustments provided for herein between the original adjustment date and
such readjustment date;

(4) upon the expiration of any sucli Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange undcr such Convertible Securiues which shal] not have been cxerciscd, the
Conversion Price of each Series of Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue thereof (ar
upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereta) and any subsequent adjustments based
thereon shall, upon such expiration, be recomputcd as if:

(8) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Cammon Stock, the only Additional Sharcs of Common issucd were the shares of Common Stock, if
any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securilics and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options plus the consideration actually
received by the Corporation upon such exercise or for the issue of all such Convertible Securitivs
which were actually converled or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, funy. actually
received by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and

(b) = in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, only
the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issucd upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of
issue of such Options, and the consideration received hy the Corporation for the Additional Shares of
Common deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been
reecived by the Corporation (determined pursuant to Section 4(d)(v)) upon the issue of the
Convertible Sccuritics with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; und

(5) if such cecord date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities arc not issucd on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in
the Conversion Price which hecame effective on such record date shal] be canceled as of the close of
business on such record date, and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this
paragraph 4(d){ili) as of the actual date of their issuance,

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion nce Upon issuance of Additional Shares
of Common. In the event this Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common (including
Additional Shares of Common deemed to be issued pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(iii)) without
consideration or for a considcration per share Ivys than the applicable Conversion Price of a series of
Preferred Stock in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue. then, the Conversion
Price of the affvcled series of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a
price (calculated to the ncarest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction,
the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such issue plus the number of shares which the ageregate consideration received by the
Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common so issued would purchase at such
Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shal] be the number of sharcs of Conmion Stack
outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Conunon
so issued. Notwithstanding the fureyoing, (he Conversion Price shall not be reduced at such time if
the amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01, but any such amount shall be carried

S828619 CHT -9-
forward, and a reduction will be made with respect to such amount at the time of, and together with,
anv subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any other amounts so carried
forward, cqual $0.01 or more in the aggregate. For the purposes of adjusting the Conversion Price of
a series of Preferred Stock, the grant, issue or sale of Additional Shares of Common consisting of the
same class of security and warrants to purchase such security issued or issuable at the sume price ut
two or morc closings held within a six-month period shal! be aggregated and shall be treatcd as one
sale of Additional Shares of Common occurring on the earliest date on which such securities were
granted, issued or sold. For the purposes of this Subsection 4(d)(iv), all shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and the excreise and/or

conversion of any other outstanding Convertible Sccuritics and al] outstanding Options shall be
deemed to be outstanding.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this subsection 4(d),
the cunsideration received by the Corporation for the issue (or decmed issue) of any Additional
Shares of Common shall be computed us follows:

(1) Cash and Propertv. Such consideration shall:

{a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed al the
agercgate amount of cush received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable discounts.

commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or
otherwise in connection with such issuance;

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof ut the lime of such issue, as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors; and

(c) in the event Additional Shares of Common are issued
together with other shares or sccuritics or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (a)
and (b) above, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Dircctors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securitigs. ‘lhe consideration per
share reccived by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common deemed to have been issued
pursuaut to paragraph 4(d){ii1) shall be determined hy dividing

(x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable hy the Corporation as
consid¢ration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus (he minimum aggregate
amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard ta
any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion ur exchange of such Convertible
Sccuritics, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision cantained therein for a subsequent

3329619_9.POC -10-
adjustment of such number) issuable upor the exercise afsuch Options ar the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Secuntics.

(e) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the
event the outstanding sharcs of Common Stuck shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a
stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion
Price of cach series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall,
concurrently with the effectivencss of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event
the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combincd (by reclassification or otherwise) into a
lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to such

combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

(t) tments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. In the
event the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be subdivided (hy
stock split, by payment of a stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shures of
Preferred Stock, the Dividend Ratc, Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the affected
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the
cttectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise)
into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and
Liquidation Preference of the affected series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such

combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

(z) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to
Seclion 3 above (“Liquidation Rights”), ifthe Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Preterred Stock shall be changed into the sume or u different number of shures of any other class or
classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwisc (other than a
subdivision or combination of shares provided for above), then, in any such event, in licu of the
numbcr of shares of Common Stock which the holders would othervise have been entitled to receive
each holder of such Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such shares of Preferred
Stock into a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock which a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock immediately
before that change would have been entitled to reccive in such reorganization or reclassification. all
subject to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares.

(h) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at ils expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hercof and furnish
lo each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation
shall, upon the written request at any ume of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate seuing forth (i) such adjustnents and readjustments, (ii) the
Conversion Price al the lime in effect and (iii) the number af shares of Common Stock and the

1429619_ 3.900" -1]-
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
Preferred Stock.

(1) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock
may be waived by the consenl or vote of the holders of Ihe majority of the outslunding shares of such
series either hefore or after the issuance causing the adjustment.

(j) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. ‘Ihe Corporation shall at all
limes reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stack, such number of ils
shares of Common Stock as shall from lime to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
oulstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Cumnion Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corpyration will tuke such corporate action as may, in (he opinion
of its counsel, be necessary to incrcasc its authorizcd but unissued sharcs of Common Stock to such
number of’shares as shall he sufficient for such purpose.

5. Voting.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together
and nol as separate classes.

(bo) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law, there
shall he no series voting.

(c) Preferred Slock. Euch holder of Preferred Stock shull be entitled to the
umber of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the sharcs of Preferred
Stock held by such halder could be converted as of the record date. The holders of shares of the
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vole on all matlers on which the Common Stock shull be entitled
iv vote. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to noticc of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not, however, he permitted
and any fractional voting rivlits resulting froin (he above formula (aller aggregating all sharcs into
which shares of Preferred Stock held by cach holder could be converted), shall be disregarded.

(d) — Election ot Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of 6 members.
‘The holders of Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect 2 members (the
“Series A Directors”) of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to cach
consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the clection of directors. The holders of Common
Stuck, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect 1 member of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporatiun’s stockhulders for the
election of directors. Any additional members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors shall be
elected by the holders of a majority of each of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock and
Preterred Stock (one such director shall be the then current chief executive officer of the
Corporation), voting scparatcly, subjcel lo unanimous approval by the Board of Directors. [fa

3329019 3.DOC -12-
vacancy on the Board of Directors is to be filled by the Board of Directors, only directors elected by
the same class or classes of stockholders as those who wauld be entitled to vote to fll such vacancy
shall vote to fill such vacancy.

(c) Adjustment in Authorized Common Stock. The number of authorized shares
of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding) by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the
Corporation.

(f) Common Stock. Fach holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to
one vate for each share thercof held.

(g) California Section 2115. So long as Section 2115 of the California General
Corporation Law purports to make Scclion 708 subdivisions (a), (b) and (c) of the California General
Corporulion Law applicahle to the Corporation, the Corporatian’s stockholders shall have the right
to cumulate their votes in connection with the election of directors as provided by Section 708
subdivisions (a), (b) and (c) of the California Gencral Corporation Law.

6. Amendments and Changes.

(a) Approval by Preferred Stock. As long as 2,500,000 shares of the Preterred
Stock (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) shall be issucd and outstanding, thc Corporation shall not,
without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent as provided by law) of the holders of
more than 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, either directly or by amendment,
merger, consolidation, or otherwise:

(i) amend, uller or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation
or bylaws of the Corporation (including pursuant to a merger) if such action would alter the rights,
preferences. privileges o1 powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Preferred Stuck;

(ii) increase the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock:

(iii) | authorize or create (by reclassification, merger or otherwise) any new
class or series of shares having rights, preferences or privileges with respect to dividends or
payments upon liquidalion senior to or on a parily with any serivs of Preferred Stock or having
voting rights other than those granted to the Preferred Stock gencrally;

(iv) center into any transaction or scrics of rclated transactions deemed to he
a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation pursuant to Section 3(d) ahove;

(v) purchase or redeem or pay any dividend on any capital stock prior to
the Preferred Stuck, other than stock repurchased from former officers, directors wd employees of,

or consultants lo, the Curporation in connection with the cessation uf their employment or services,

at the lower of fair market value or cost, other than as approved by the Board of Directors including
all the Series A Directors;

4129619 .DOC -13-
{vi) create or authorize the creation of any debt security other than
equipment Icases or bank lines of credit or deht with no equity feature, unless such deht security has
received the prior approval of the Board of Direclors including all the Series A Directors;

(vii) change the size of the Board of Directors,

(viii) issue voting securities representing 20% or more of the votes
represented by all outstanding voling securilies. whether such acquisition is u single transaction ora
serics of transactions during a 12-month period, to any party other than this Corporation (excluding
transfers by holders of Preferred Stock to their affiliated partnerships or entities that directly or

indirectly is controlled by ur is under common management coutrol with, such holder of Preferred
Stock;

(ix) amend this Section 6.

(b) Approval by Disinterested Holders of Preferred Stuck. The Curporation sha!!
not acquire or be acquired by (whether by stock purchase, rcorganization, consolidation, assct
purchase ar other similar type of transaction), or merge with, any entity which is an Affiliate (as
defined below) of u stockholder of Ihe Corporation (an “Interested Stuckhulder’) without first
obtaining approval (by vote or wrilicn consent as provided by law) of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock excluding such Interested Stockholder and its Affiliates as
applicable (with such holders of Preferred Stock voting as a separate class on an as-if-converted
basis). “Affiliate” is defined herein as, wilh respect to any person or entity, cach person or cntity

directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such specified person
or entily.

7. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this ARTICLE V to be given to the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if depusited in the United States mail, postage

prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder's address appearing on the books of
the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE VIL
Elections of directors need not be by writlen ballot unless a slockholder demands election by
written ballot at the meeting and before voting begins or unlcss the Bylaws of the Corporation shall
so provide.
ARTICLE VIII
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors

of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

3329619_3.D0C -|4-
ARTICLE IX

l. To the fullest extent permitted by the Dclaware Gencral Corporation Law as the samc
exists or us may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liahle to
the Corporation or its stockholders far monetary damages for a hreach of fiduciary duty as a director.

2. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made u purly lo un action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the tact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director, officer or employee of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation or serves or
served at any other enterprise as a director, officer or employee at the request of the Corporation or
any predecessor to the Corporation.

3. Neither any amendment oor repeal of this ARTICLE LX, vor the adyplion of any
provision of this Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this ARTICLE IX,
shall climinate or reduce the effect of this ARTICLE IX, in respect of any matter occurring, ar any
action or proceeding accruiny or ansiny or that, but for this ARTICLE IX, would accrue or arise,
prior to such amendment, rcpcal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE X
Mcctings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws
may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the

statutes) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as may he designated from time to
time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

3329819 3. DUC -{5-
