FROM CT WILMONGTON - 302_655_4236 CRCUP 6 WED} 9. 20°06 12-25/ST 12: 2¢/N0. 4760103629 > 2

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
ATHENAGEN, INC.

Athenagen, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the ““Corporation’’), certifies that:

A. The name of the Corporation is Athenagen, Inc. The Corporation’s onginal
Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April
29, 2004.

B. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 24? and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Dclaware, and
restates, integrates and further amends the provsions of the Corporation's Certificate of
Incorporation.

Cc. The text of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is amended and
restatcd to read us set forth in EXHIBIT A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by W. Scott Harkonen, M.D., a duly authorized officer of
the Corporation, on September 18, 2006.

/s/ W. Scott Harkonen, M.D.
W. Scott Harkonen, M.D.
President and Chiet Executive Officer

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 08:23 PM 09/18/2006
FILED 08:17 PM 09/18/2006
SRV 060860132 - 3797104 FILE

333984 _7 DOC
FROM CT WILM-NGTON - 362.653.4236 GROUP 6 © WED! 9. 20°06 $2 25/ST. 12:24/N0 4266193625 > ;

EXHIBIT A

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is Athenagen, Inc.

ARTICLE II

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State ot Delaware.

ARTICLE III

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange
Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Caslle, 19801. The name of the registered agent at such
address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE IV

The total number of shares of stock that the corporation shall have suthonty to issue is
382,502,695, consisting of 220,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and
162,502,695 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of which 44,502,695 shares are
designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and 118,000,000 shares are designated “Series B Preferred
Stock.”

ARTICLE V
The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:
1. Definitions. For purposes of this ARTICLE V, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) “Sanderling and Clarus Approval” shall mean the approval of both Sanderling
Venture Partners VI, L.P. or its affiliated entities and persons (“Sanderling’) and Clarus
Lifescienccs J, L.P. or its affiliatcd entities and persons (““Clarus”), for so lung as each of Sanderling
and Clarus own at Jcast 10% of the shares of Serics B Preferred Stock it purchased under that certain
Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated on or about the date hereof among the
Corporation and the other parties named therein (as the same currently exists and as may be
amended from time to time, the “Purchase Agreement’).

(b) “Conversion Price” shall mean $0.47 per share for the Series A Preferred Stock

and $0.43 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for
Recapitalizations and as otherwise set forth elsewhere herein).

(c) “Convertible Securities” shal] mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or
other secunties convertible intn or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(d) “Corporation” shall mean Athenagen, Inc.

USIANS 7 OW -2-
REEDED EDIIEIf/ ‘SL aaa

FAGM CT WILM-NGTON - 302_655_4236  GRCUP 6 WED, 9. 20°06 12° 25/ST. 12:24/NO. 4260103629 > 4

(e) “Deemed Liquidation” Unless the holders of at least 50% of the outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock (on an as if converted to Common Stock basis) elect otherwise,
including Sanderlung and Clarus Approval, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include each of the following (each a
“Deemed Liquidation”): (a) thc acquisition of the Corporation by another entity by means of any
transaction or stnies of iclated transactions to which the Corporation is party (including, without
limitation, any stock acquisition. reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any sale of
stock for capital raising purposes) other than a transaction or series of transactions in which the
holders of the voting secunties of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such transaction
continue to retain (cither by such voting securities remaining outstanding or by such voting secuntics
being converted into voting secunties of the surviving entity), as a result of shares in the Corporation
held by such holders prior to such transaction, at least 50% of the total voting power represented by
the voling securities of thc Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such
transaction or series of transactions; (b) a sale, leasc or other conveyance of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation: or (c) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
whether voluntary or involuntary

(f) “Disinterested Series B Preferred Stock” shall mean, with respect tu any
Interested Party Jransaction, the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding not owned, held or
controlled by Sanderling or Clarus

(g) “Distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock
payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation for cash or
property other than: (i) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers,
directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries at the same price per share onginally
paid by such employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation upon termination of
their employment or services pursuant lo agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (11)
repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of
the Corporation or its subsidianes pursuant to nghts of first refusal contained in agreements
providing for such nght, or (11) any other repurchase or redemption of capital stock of the
Corporation approved by the holders of the Common and Preferred Stock of the Corporation voting
as separate classcs (including Sanderling and Clarus Approval).

(h) ‘Dividend Rate” shall mean, with respect to each series of Preferred Stock, an
annual rate equal to 8.5% of the Orginal Issue Pricc for such series of Preferred Stock.

(i) “Interested Party Transaction” shall mean any transaction, contract or
amendment of a contract between the Corporation and both: (x) Sanderling or any entity in which it
has a material financial interest; and (y) Clarus or any entity in which it has a matenal financial
interest, other than the transactions contemplated in the Purchase Agreement as at the date hereof.

(j) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $0.47 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock and $U.43 per share tor the Series B Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time
fur Recapitalizations and as otherwise set forth elsewhere herein).

3533694 7 NOC -3-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 362_655.4236 GROUP 6 SHED; 9 20°66 12 26/87. 12:2¢/NO. 4260:03629 > 3

(k) “Major Milestone” shall mean: (1) the Board of Directors’ decision to initiate a
Phase II Clinical Trial tor ATG-3 in age-related macular degeneration patients; and (2) the
submission and acceptance of an Investiganonal New Drug Application submitted under the U.S.
Federa) Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, or, mith respect to a junsdiction other than the
United States, any comparable application required by a governmental authority for purposes of
obtaining permission tu initiate human clinical testing in such jurisdiction, related to beta-secretase
inhibitor in Alzheimer’s discase.

(1) “Options” shall mean mghts, options or warrants tu subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Secunties.

(m)“Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.47 per share for the Series A Preterred
Stock and $0.43 per share for the Senes B Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from tme to time
for Recapitalizatiuus as set forth elsewhere hercin).

(n) “Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock and Senes B
Preferred Stock.

(0) “Qualified Offering” shall mean a firm commitment underwritten initial public
offering pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Secunties Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act’’), covering the offer and sale of the Corporation’s Common Stuck,
provided that the pre-money valuation of the Corporation is not less than $150,000,000 and the
appregate pross proceeds to the Corporation is not less than $20,000,000.

(p) “Recapitalization” shal mean any stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event.

2. Dividends.

(a) Preferred Stock. Jn any calendar year, the holders of outstanding shares of
Preterred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor, at the Dividend Rate specified for
such shares of Preferred Stock payable in preterence and prority to any declaration or payment of
any Distnbuuon on Comunon Stuck of the Corporation in such calendar year. No Distnbutions shall
be made with respect to the Common Stock until all declared dividends on the Preferred Stock have
been paid or set aside for payment to the Preferred Stock holders. Payment of any dividends to the
holders of the Preferred Stock shall be on a pro rata, pari passu basis in proportion to the Dividend
Rates for each series of Preterred Stock. The right to receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock
shall not be cumulative, and no nght to such dividends shall accme to holders of Preferred Stock by
rcason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared or paid in any calendar year.

(b) Common Stock. Dividends may be paid on the Common Stock when, as und if

declared by the Board of Directors, subject to the prior dividend nghts of the Preferred Stock and to
Section 6 below.

¥$33094 7 ONC -4-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655.4236 GROUP 6 © {HED!. 9. 20°06 12. 26/S7. 12:2¢/N0 4760°03629 > &

(c) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this Section 2
shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be deemed to be the
fair markct value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(d) Consent_to Certain Distributions. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the
Califomia Corporations Code, if Section $02 or Section 503 of the California Corporations Code is
applicable to a payment made by the Corporation, then such applicable section or sections shall not
apply if such payment is a payment made by the Corporation in connection with (i) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its suhsidiaries at the same pricc per share originally paid by such employees, officers, directors or
consultants of the Corporation upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to
agreements providing for the night of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or
held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiarics pursuant to
rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right, or (iii) any other repurchase
or redemption of capital stock of the Corporation approved by the holders of the Common and
Preferred Stock of the Corporation voting as separate classes (including Sanderling and Clarus
Approval).

3. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Liquidation Prefercnce. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, including 4a Deemed Liquidation, cither voluntary or involuntary, the holders of
the Series B Preterred Stuck and the Senes A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and
in preference to any Distribuvon of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the
Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share for cach share of
Series B Preferred Stock or Senes A Preferred Stock held by them equal to the sum of (i) the
Liquidation Prefcrence specified for such share and (11) all declared but unpaid dividends (if any) on
such share. If upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the
Corporation legally available for distribution to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and
Series A Preferred Stock are insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full amounts
specified in this Section 3(a). then the entire ussets of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed with equal priority and pro rata among the holders of the Series B
Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts they would otherwise
be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3(a).

(b) Remaining Assets. After the payment or setting aside for payment to the holders
of Preterred Stock of the full amounts specified in Sections 3(a) above, the entire remaining assets of
the Corporation legally available for distribution shal) be distributed with equal priority and pro rata
among the holders of Senes A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock in
proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them, with the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock being treated for this purpose as if they had been
converted to shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Rate. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the aggregate distributions made pursuant to one or more subsections of this Section 3
with respect to any share of Senes A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall not exceed an
amount equal to two (2) umes the applicable Liquidation Preference tor such share, plus any
declared but unpaid dividends.

1933604 7 DOU -5-
FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3026554236 GROLF 6 SHEDS G 20°06 12-27/ST. 12:2¢/NO. 4260°03625 > 7

(c) Sharcs not Treated as Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock in any
Distribution. Shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of Common

Stock in order to participate in any Distribution, or series of Distnbutions, as shares of Common
Stock, without first foregoing participation in the Distribution, or serics of Distributions, as shares of
Preferred Stock.

(d) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation
distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as
dcte:mined in good faith by the Board of Directors, except that any publicly-traded secuntes to be
distributed to stockholders in a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be
valued as follows:

(i) If the securities are then traded on a national secunties exchange or a
similar national quotation system, then the value of the securities shall be deemed to be the average
of the closing prices of the secuntes on such exchange or system over the ten (10) trading day
period ending five (5) trading days prior to the Distribution;

(1) if the secuntes are actively traded over-the-counter, then the value of
the securities shal] be deemed to he the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the ten
(10) trading day period cnding five (5) trading days pnor to the Distnbution.

In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity, the
Distribution date shall he decmed to be the date such transaction closes.

For the purposes of this Section 3(d), “trading day” shall mean any day which the exchange
or system on which the secunties to be distributed are traded is open and “closing prices” or
“closing bid prices” shall bc deemed to be: (i) for securities traded primarily on the New York
Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq, the last reported trade price or sale price,
as the case may be, at 4:00 p.in., New York time, on that day and (11) for securities listed or raded on
other exchanges, markets and systems, the market price as of the end of the regular hours trading
period that is generally accepted as such for such exchange, market or system. If, after the date
hereof, the benchmark times generally accepted in the securities industry for determining the market
price of a stock as of a given trading day shall change from thuse set forth above, the fair markct
value shall be determined as of such other generally accepted benchmark times.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shal] have conversion nghts as follows:

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option
of the holder thercof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid,
nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
relevant senes by the Conversion Price for such series. (The number of shares of Common Stock
into which each share of Preferred Stock of a senes may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the
“Conversion Rate” for each such series ) Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price

39330947 DOC -6-
a a aaa

PROM CT WILMINGTON - 302_655_4736 GROUP 6 = (WED; 9. 20°06 12:27/ST. 12:24/NO. 426003629 2 3

for any series of Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the Conversion Rate for such senes
shall be appropriately increased or decreased.

(bo) Automatic Conversion.

G) Upon_a Qualified Offering. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then
effective Conversion Rate fur such share immediately prior to the closing of a Qualified Offering.

(11) Upon Stockholder Consent.

(1) Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into fully-paid, non-assessable sharcs of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion
Rate for such share upon the receipt by the Corporation of a wnitten request for such conversion,
or, if later, on the effective date for conversion specified in such request, from the holders of at
least 50% of the Senes B Preterred Stock then outstanding, including Sanderling and Clarus
Approval; provided, however, that if such request 1s made directly as a result of an Interested Party
Transaction, such request must be made by the holders of at least S0% of the Disinterested Senes
B Preferred Stock then outstanding, and provided, further, that this paragraph of this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall not be amended in connection with or in contemplation
of an Interested Party Transaction in a manner adverse to the holders of the Disinterested Scries B
Preferred Stock without the consent of the holders of at least 50% of the Disinterested Senes B
Preferred Stock then outstanding.

(2) Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically he
converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion
Rate for such share upon the receipt by the Corporation of a wmitten request for such conversion
from the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding (on an as if
converted to Comunon Stock basis), or, if later, the effective date tor conversion specified in such
requcsl.

(ii1) Upon Non-Participation in Subsequent Closings. Reference is made to
the Purchase Agreement. Unless the holders of at least 50% of the Series B Preferred Stock then
outstanding elect otherwise, including Sanderling and Clarus Approval, if a stockholder which is an
Investor under and as defined in the Purchase Agreement, after receiving an applicable Milestone
Notice pursuant to and as defined in the Purchase Agreement, fails (together with its Affiliated
Entities, as detined below) to purchase the full amount of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
allocated to such stockholder on Exhibit A of the Purchase Agreement at the Second Closing, the
Third Closing or the Fourth Closing under and as defined in the Purchase Agreement, then cach
share of Series B Preferred Stock held by such stockholder shall automatically be converted into
fully-paid, non-assessable sharcs of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate effective
upon such Closing (as defined 1n the Purchase Agreement). As to any entity, an “Affiliated Entity”
Shall] mean another entity that directly, or indirectly through one or morc intermedianes, controls, is
controlled by or is under common contro! with such specified entity. Each of the events referred to
in yubsections (1), (11) and (11!) above are referred to herein as an “Automatic Conversion Event.”

48330! _7 DOC -]-
EEE — TT CC

FROM CT WILMINGTON - 362_655_4236 GROUP 6 "WED! «9: 20° G6 12-28/ST. 12:74/N0. 4260193679 > 9

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shal] be issued
upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder would
otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then
fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directurs. For such
purpose, all shares of Preterred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock shall be aggregated,
and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash. Before any holder of
Proferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and to
receive certificates therefor, he shall either (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly
endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or (B)
notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been Jost, stolen or destroyed
and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss
incurred by it 1n connection with such certificates, and shall give wntten notice to the Corporation at
such office that he elects to convert the same; provided, however, that on the date of an Automatic
Conversion Event, the applicable outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates represcnting such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent;
provided further, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates cvidencing
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion Event unless cither the
certificutes evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent us provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. On the date of the occurrence of an Aulomatic Conversion Event, each holder of record
of shares of the applicable Preterred Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the certificates representing
such shares of Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that
notice from the Corporatiun shal] not have been rcceived by any holder of record of shares of such
Preferred Stock. or that the certificales evidencing such shores of Common Stock shall nat then be
actually dejivered to such holder.

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or after such agreement and
indemnification, issuc and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which it shall be entitled as aforesaid and a
check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion
into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the converted
Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close
of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the
person or persons entitled ty receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on
such date; provided, however, that if the conversion is in connection with an underwritten offer of
securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act or a merger, salc, financing, or liquidation of the
Corporation or other event, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Preferred
Stock for conversion, he conditioned upon the closing of such transaction or upon the occurrence of
such event, in which case the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preticrred Stock unti)
immediately prior to the closing of such transaction or the occurrence of such event.

3933094 7.D0C -8-
a eee

FROM CT WILMINGTON - 3076594236  GROUF 6 (WED, 9 20°06 12: 2B/8T. 12: 24/NO. 4260103629 > 35

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definition. For purposes of this Section 4(d), “Additional!
Shares of Common” shal! mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section
4(d)(ii1), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the filing of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, other than issuances or deemed issuances of:

(1) shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of shares of
Preferred Stock;

(2) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to officers, directors
and employees of, or consultants to, the Corporation pursuant to stock grants, option plans,
purchase plans or other employee stock incentive programs or arrangements approved by the
Board of Directors including all the Preferred Stock Directors (as defined in Section 5(d) below),
or upon exercise of options or warrants granted to such parties pursuant to any such plan or
arrangement;

(3) shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise or conversion
of Options or Convertible Secunties outstanding as of the date of the filing of this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation:

(4) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a dividend or
distribution on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment 1s made pursuant to
paragraph 4(e), 4(f) or 4(¢) hereof;

(5) shares of Common Stock issued or iysuahle to banks, equipment
lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing or real
property leasing transaction approved by the Board of Directors, including all of the Preferred
Stock Directors;

(6) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the
acquisition of another company by the Corporation by merger, purchase of all or substantially all
of the assets or other reorganization approved by the Board of Directors, including all of thc
Preferred Stock Directors; and

(7) shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued or issuable pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion
Price of a particular series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respcct of the issuance of Additional
Shares of Common unless the consideration per shure (as determined pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(v))
for an Additional Share of Common issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is Icss than
the Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, for such senes of
Preferred Stuck.

(11) Deemed Issue of Additional Shures of Common. In the event the
Corpuration at any time or trom timc to time after the date of the filing of this Amended and

3833094 7 NOC -9..
ROM CT WILMINGTON - 397.655.4236 GROUP 6 WED! 9 20°06 12:29/87. 12: 24/N0. 4260193629 5 °°

Restated Certificate ot Incorporation shall issue any Options or Convertible Secunties or shall fix a
record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such
Ontians or Convertible Secunties, then the maximum number of sharcs (as sct fourth in the
instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the
case of Convertible Secunties, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities or, in the
case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options and the conversion of
exchange of the underlying securities, shall be deemed to have been issued as of the time of such
issue or, in case such a record date shal] have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record
date, provided that in any such case in which shares are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of any serics of
Preferred Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or sharcs of
Common Stock in connection with the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Secunties by their terms provide,
with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable to the
Corporation or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion
or exchange thereof (other than a change pursuant to the anti-diluliua provisions ot such Options
or Convertible Secunties such as this Section 4(d) or pursuant to Recapitalization provisions of
such Options or Convertible Securities such as Sections 4(e), 4(f) and 4(g) hereof), the Conversion
Price of cach series of Preferred Stock and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall be
vecomputed to reflect such change as if such change had been in effect as of the original issue
thereof (or upon the occurrence of the record date with respect thereto);

(3) no readjustment pursuant to subsection (2) above shall bave the
effect of increasing the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock to an amount above the
Conversion Price that would have resulted from any other issuances of Additional Shares of

Common and any other adjustments provided for herein between the original adjustment date and
such readjustment date;

(4) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the
Conversion Price of each Senes of Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue thercof (or
upon the occwrcne of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments bascd
thereon shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

(a) mm the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the unly Additional Shares of Common issued were the shares of Common Stock, if
any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options a: the wnversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options plus the consideration actually
received by the Corporation upon such exercise or for the issue of all such Convertible Secunties
which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually
received by the Corporation upun such conversion wr cxachange. and

3533096 7 DU -)0-
TT

ROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.655.4736 CRCUF 6 (WEL. 9. 20 06 12: 29/ST. .2:24/N0. 4260162629 F

(b) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, only the
Convertible Sccunties, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the tume of
issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of
Common deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been
received by the Corporation (determined pursuant to Section 4(dXv)) upon the issue of the
Convertible Secuntics with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; and

(5) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in
the Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close
of business on such record date, and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to
this Section 4(d)(i11) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares
of Common. In the event the Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common (including
Additional Shares of Common deemed to be issued pursuant to paragraph 4(d)iti)) without
consideration or for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price of a sencs of
Preferred Stock 1n effect on the date of and immediately pnor to such issue, the Conversion Price of
the affected senes of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a pncc
(calculated to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to such issue plus the number of shares which the aggregate consideration received by the
Corporation for the total number uf Additional Shares of Common so issued would purchase at such
Conversion Price, und the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately pnor to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common
so issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be reduced at such time if
the amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01, but any such amount shall be camed
forward, and a reduction will be made with respect to such amount at the time of, and together with,
any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any other amounts so carried
tarward, equal $0.01 or more in the aggregate. For the purposes of adjusting the Conversion Price of
a senes of Preferred Stock, the grant, issue or sale of Additional Shares of Common consisting of the
saine class of security and warrants to purchase such security issued or issuable at the samc price al
two or more closings held within a six-month period shall be aggregated and shall be treated as one
salc of Additional Shares of Common occurring on the earliest date on which such securities were
granted, issued or sold. For the purposes of this Section 4(d)(iv), all shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and the exercise and/or

conversion of any other outstanding Convertible Securities and all outstanding Options shall be
deemed to be outstanding.

. (v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 4(d), the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue (or deemed issue) of any Additional Shares
of Common shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

3343047 DOC le
ee

PROM CT WILMINGTON - 302.653 4736 GROLP 6 —«‘WED-9. 20 06 12-29/ST. 12: 24/N0. 4260103629 = 13

(a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate
amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable discounts,
commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwniting or
otherwise in connection with such issuance;

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the tune of such issue, as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors; and

(c) in the event Additional! Shares of Common are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the portion of such consideration so received which covers the Additional Shares of
Common, computed as provided in clauses (a) and (b) above, as reasonably determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per sharc
received by the Corporation for Additional Sharcs of Common deemed to have been issued
pursuant to Section 4(d)(in) shall be determined by dividing

(x) the total amount, if any, rece:ved or receivable by the Corporation as
consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate
amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to
any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the cxercise of such Opnons for
Convertible Securitics and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Secunties by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities

(c) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the event
the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a stock
dividend or otherwise) into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price of
each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the
vulstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or uthcrwise) into a
lesser number of shares of Conunun Stock, the Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to such

combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

(f) Adjustments tor Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. In the event
the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a senes of Preferred Stock shall be subdivided (by stack
split. by payment of a stock dividend or otherwise) into a greater number of shares of Preferred
Stock, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision the Dividend Rate and Liquidation

31844994 7 DO -!2-
a

a jan n N265Q 9 °%
BOM CT WELMENGTON - 302.653.4236 GROUP 6 (HED! 9 26° 06 12.30/85. 12: 74/NO. 4260193629 ? .4

Preference of the affectcd senes of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdiviston
shall be proportionately decreased and the Conversion Pnce of the affected series of Preferred Stock
in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall be proportionately increased. In the event the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be combined (by
reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, concurrently with the
cffectiveucss of such combination the Dividend Rate and Liquidation Preference of the affected
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionstely
increased and the Conversion Price of the affected series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately
pnor to such subdivision shall be proportionately decreased.

(g) Adjustments fur Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to Section
3 above (“Liquidation Rights”), if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock shall he changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of
stock, whether by capilal reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or
combination of shares provided for above), then, in any such event, in lieu of the number of shares
of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, each holder of
such Preferred Stock shall have the nght thereafter to convert such shares of Preferred Stock into a
number uf shares of such other class or classes of stock which a holder of the number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock immediately beforc
that change would have becn cntitled to receive in such reorganization or reclassification, all subject
to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares.

(h) Cernficate_as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjushnent of a Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furmsh
to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (Ii) the
Conversion Prices at the time in effect and (ii!) the number of sharcs of Common Stock and the

amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
Preferred Stock.

(1) Waiver of Adjuspment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock may
be waived by the consent or vote of the holders of the majority of the outstanding shares of such
series, including, in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, by Sanderling and Clarus Approval..
either before or after the issuance causing the adjustment.

(j) Reservation ot Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all
limes reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
Outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Cummmon Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion

35.30 7 UC -13-
_ a

HED’ 9 20°06 12. 3/ST. 12: 24/NO. 4260103629 F -9

AED 4

FROM CT WILMINGTON - 67_659.4236 GROUP 0

of its counsel, be necessary to tncrease its authonzed but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

5. Voting.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
required by law, the holders ot Preferred Stock and the hulders of Common Stock shal! vote together
and not as separate classes.

(b) No Senes Voting, Other than as provided herein or required by law, there shall
be no sencs voting.

(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number ot
votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stack held
by such holder could be converted as of the record dale. The holders of shares of the Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to vote on the approval of the matters as provided in Article V.6 below and on all
matters on which the Comman Stock shall be entitled to vote, except with respect to the electiun of
one director us provided in Article V.S(d) below. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
notice of any stockholders’ mecting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional
votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above
formula (after agyrcgatiny all shares into which shares of Preterred Stock held by each holder could
be converted) shall be disregarded.

(d) Election of Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of seven (7) members.
The holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class on as if converted to Common
Stock basis, shall be entitled to elect three (3) members (the “Preferred Stock Directors’) of the
Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s
stockholders for the election of directors. The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class.
shall be entitled to elect one (|) member of the Corporation's Board of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to cach consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors. The holdcrs
of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as if converted to
Common Stock basis, shaJ] be entiled to elcct three (3) members of the Corporation’s Buard of
Directors at each meeting or pursuant to cach consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the
election of directors. If a vacancy on the Board of Directors 1s to be filled by the Board of Directors,
only directors elected by the same class or classes of stockholders as those who would he entitled to
vote to fill such vacancy shall vote lu fill such vacancy.

(e) Adjustment in Authorized Common Stock. The number of authonzed shares of
Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding) by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majonty of the stock of the
Corporation.

(f) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one
vote for each share thereof held.

3533Us_7 OC -}4-
ae

FROM CT LW NCTON - 302.655 4736  GRCUF 6 (WEDS 9 26°06 12 3:/8T 12-24/N0 4266102629 ? -€
bAUM 1oM. 039_

6. Amendments and Changes. As long as at least 20% of the shares of Series B Preferred
Stock purchased under the Purchase Agreement shall be issued and outstanding (as adjusted for
Recapitalizations), the Corporation shall not, either directly or by amendment, merger, consolidation,
or otherwise, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or wntten consent as provided by law) of:
(x) the holders at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock (on an as if
converted to Comunon Stock basis) (including Sanderling and Clarus approval); and (y) in the case
of Section 6(h) set forth below, or any amendments to Section 6(h), the approval of Index Ventures
Ill (Jersey) LP or its affiliatcd entities and persons (“Index Ventures”) for so long as Index
Ventures owns at least 10% of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock it purchased under the
Purchase Apreement:

(a) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certiticate of Incorporation or bylaws
of the Corporation (including pursuant to a merger) if such action would alter the rights, preferences,
privileges or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of, any series of Preferred Stock:

(b) increase the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock, including any series
thereof;

(c) authorize or create (by reclassification, merger or otherwise) any new class or
series of shares having nights, preferences or privileges with respect to dividends or payments upon
liquidation senior to or on a panty with any series of Preferred Stock or having voting nghts other
than thosc granted to the Preterred Stock generally;

(d) enter into any transaction or series of related transactions deemed to be a
liquidation. dissolution or winding up of the Corporation pursuant to Section 3 above;

(e) purchase or redcem or pay any dividend on any capital stock prior to the Preferred
Stock, other than stock repurchased from former officers, directors and employees of, or consultants
to, the Corporation in connection with the cessation of their employment or services, at the lower of
fair market value or cost, other than as approved by the Board of Directors including all the
Preferred Stock Directors:

(f) create or authonze the creation of any debt security other than equipment leases
or bank lines of credit or debt with no equity feature, unless such debt security has received the prior
approval of the Board of Directors including all the Preferred Stock Directors;

(g) change the size of the Board of Directors;

(h) enter into any transaction or series of related transactions (other than the
transactions contemplated in the Purchase Agreement us at the date hercof) in which the failure of a
holder of Series B Preferred Stock to purchase the full amount of shares allocated to such
stockholder will result in the automatic or mandatory conversion of such stockholdcr’s shares of
Senes B Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock or into shares of the Corporation’s capital
stock having powers, preferences, or special rights inferior to that of the shares of the Senes B
Preferred Stock then in existence (a “Penalty”); provided, however, that the authonzation or

323365807 DOG -18-
a

iral 1 FS r iy “4
30K CT W LMINETON - 302. 655.4236  GROUF 6 wept 9.29 C6 12:31/S81 12:24/NO. 4260103629 F .
2X Vi W. ba - -

creation of any new class or senes of shares having powers, preferences, or special rights scnior to ur
on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock shall not be deemed a Penalty; or

(i) amend this Section 6.

7. Failure to Meet Major Milestones. If the Corporation does not meet at least one of the
Major Milestones by June 30, 2008, and as long us at least 20% of the shares of Series B Preferred
Stock purchased under the Purchase Agreement shall be issued and outstanding (as adjusted for
Recapitalizations), the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or wntten
consent as provided by law) of the holders at least 66% of the outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock (on an as if converted to Common Stock basis) including Sanderling and Clarus
Approval (and the approval of Index Ventures, for so long as Indcx Ventures owns at least 10% of
the shares of Senes B Preferred Stock it purchased under the Purchase Agreement), (A) enter into
any transaction or series of transactions involving: (1) the sale or disposition by the Corporation of all
or substantially al] of the Carporation’s assets; (ii) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with
any other cntily. (iii) an increase in the authorizcd number of shares of Preferred Stock; or (iv) the
authonzation or creation at any new class or series of shares having nghts, preferences or privileges
with respect to dividends or payments upon liquidation senior to or on a panty with any senes of
Preferred Stock or having voting rights other than those granted to the Preferred Stock generally, or
(B) amend or waive any provisions of this Section 7, it bcing understood that this consent to amend
or waive 18 also necessary prior to the satisfaction of at least one Major Milestone.

8. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this ARTICLE V to be given to the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States mail, postage

prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s address appearing on the books of
the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI
The Corporation ts to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE VII
Elections of directors need nat be by wnitten ballot unless a stockholder demands election by
wnitten ballot at the mecting and before voting begins or unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shal!
sO provide.
ARTICLE VIII
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors

ot the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

ARTICLE Ix

1 fo the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware as the same cxists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not

3533094 _7 LK, -16-
nn nn ————

, : a . an F ‘ft
TROM CT WLLMINGTON - 392 655.4236 GROUP 6 (W2D) 9 20°66 12:32/8T. 12-24/N0. 4260163629 F oc
. t ray : - -

be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for a breach of
fiduciary duty as a director.

2. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director. officer or employce of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation or serves or
scrved at any other enterpnse as a director, officer or employve at the request of the Corporation or
any predecessor to the Corporation.

3. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this ARTICLE LX, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this ARTICLE LX, shall
eliminate or reduce the cffect of this ARTICLE IX, in respect of any matter occurring, or any action
or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this ARTICLE IX, would accrue or arise, prior to
such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE X

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws
may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the
statutes) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to
time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

2833084_7 00 -17-
