nn EE Eero

--a“ Rolteltal

PROM CORPORATION TRUST WLM TAM S27 WED, 2806 82 1340 2% { Shates oF Celgwarey

Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 11:14 AM 03/08/2006
FILED 11:02 AM 03/08/2006
SRV 060226681 - 4119408 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

ATRITECH, INC.

oercenx

Amitech, Inc. (hereafter referred to as the "Corporation’’), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:

FIRST. The original Cernficate of Incorporation of the Corporauon was filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 3, 2006.

SECOND. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends, restates
and integrates the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 3, 2006. This Amended and Restated
Cerificate of Incorporation has been duly approved and adopted in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 141. 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware (the “Delaware General Corporation Law”) by the Board of Durectors of the
Corporation. The holders of at least a majonty of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Corporation approved this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation by wntten consent
in accordance with Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

THIRD. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ot the Corporaton
19 hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read in full as follows:

I
The name of the corporation is Atntech, Inc.
HY.

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware 15
Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County,
Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust
Company.

1.

The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the Curpuration is
to engage in any lawful) act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

444-6577-368 815
-2-

IV.

The authorized capital stock of the Corporation shall consist of (i) 50,000,000 shares of
Common Stock, $.01 par value (the “Common Stock”) and (ii) 35,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock, $.01 par value, 5,600,000 of which shares shall be designated as Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock’), 8,123,550 of which shares shall be designated
as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred Stock”) and 19,973,245 of
which shares shall be designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series C
Preferred Stock’’) (the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, and the Series C
Preferred Stock are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the “Preferred Stock’).

1. Dividends and Distributions.

1.1. Common Stock Dividends. Subject to the provisions of law and this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends out of funds legal!y available therefor, at such times and in such
amounts as the Board of Directors of the Corporation in its sole discretion may determine and
declare.

1.2 Series A and B Preferred Stock Dividends. The holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock (collectively, the “Junior Preferred”)
shall be entitled to receive, if, when and as declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation
or as otherwise provided by Sections 2 or 5, out of funds legally available therefor, non-
cumulative dividends at the annual rate of (i) eight percent (8%) of the original purchase price of
31.25 per share (subject to equitable adjustment for any stock dividend, subdivision,
combination, reclassification or other event affecting the number of outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock) as to shares of Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) eight percent (8%) of the
original purchase price of $1.25 per share (subject to equitable adjustment for any stock
dividend, subdivision, combination, reclassification or other event affecting the number of
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock) as to shares of Series B Preferred Stock. All
dividends paid pursuant to this Section 1.2 on shares of Junior Preferred Stock shall rank senior _
to those dividends payable on shares Common Stock, and no dividends shall be payable on any
shares of Common Stock unless an equivalent dividend shall first have been declared and paid
on the outstanding shares of Junior Preferred (as if fully converted into Common Stock,
including fractions of shares). All dividends paid pursuant to this Section 1.2 on shares of
Scrics A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall rank pari passu in relation to each
other and neither Series A Preferred Stock nor Series B Preferred Stock shall receive, either paid
or declared, a dividend pursuant to this Section 1.2 exclusive of the other class.

1,3 Series C Preferred Stock Dividends. The holders of shares of Series C _
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends if, when and as declared by the Board of
Directors on such shares of Series C Preferred Stock. No dividends shall be declared or paid on
any shares of Junior Preferred or Common Stock unless an equivalent dividend shall first have
been declared and paid on the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock (as if fully
converted into Common Stock, including fractions of shares).
3-

1.4 Record Date for Dividends. The Board of Directors of the Corporation
may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock and Preferred
Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend declared thereon, which record date shall be no
more than 60 days and no less than 10 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

1.5 Payments of Dividends on Conversion. If the Corporation shall have
declared but unpaid cash dividends with respect to any Preferred Stock upon its conversion as
provided in Section 4 hereof, then all such declared but unpaid dividends shall be paid
immediately prior to such conversion.

2. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding-Up.
2.1 Liquidation Preference Payments.

(a) Series C Preferred Stock. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation Event’), the
holders of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled, before any distribution or
payment is made upon the Junior Preferred or the Common Stock, to be paid an amount equal to
$1.25 per share (appropriately adjusted to reflect the occurrence of any event described in
Section 4.2 (g) or (h)) plus, in the case of each share, an amount equal to any dividends declared
but unpaid thereon, such amount payable with respect to one share of Series C Preferred Stock
being sometimes referred to as the “Series C Liquidation Preference Payment” and with
respect to all shares of Series C Preferred Stock being sometimes referred to as the “Series C
Liquidation Preference Payments.” If upon such Liquidation Event, the assets to be
distributed among the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit
payment to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock of the Series C Liquidation Preference
Payments, then the entire assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to.

(b) Junior Preferred Stock. Upon a Liquidation Event, immediately
after the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock have been paid in full the Series C Liquidation
Preference Payments, the holders of the shares of the Junior Preferred shall be entitled, before
any distribution or payment is made upon the Common Stock, to be paid an amount equal to
$1.25 per share in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock and $1.25 per share in the case of the
Series B Preferred Stock (in each case appropriately adjusted to reflect the occurrence of any
event described in Section 4.2 (g) or (h)) plus, in the case of each share, an amount equal to any
dividends declared but unpaid thereon, such amount payable with respect to one share of Junior
Preferred being sometimes referred to as the “Junior Preferred Preference Payment’ and with
respect to all shares of the Junior Preferred being sometimes referred to as the “Junior
Preferred Preference Payments”. The Junior Preferred Preference Payments and the Series C
Liquidation Preference Payments are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the
“Liquidation Preference Payments”. If upon such Liquidation Event, after the holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock have been paid in full the Series C Liquidation Preference Payments,
the remaining assets to be distributed among the holders of the Junior Preferred shall be
insufficient to permit payment to the holders of the Junior Preferred of the Junior Preferred
Preference Payments, then the remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for
4.

distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Junior Preferred in proportion to
the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive under this Section

2.1(b).

2.2. Remaining Liquidating Distribution. Subject to and after payment has
been made in full pursuant to Section 2.1 above, or the Corporation shall have set aside funds
sufficient for such payments in trust for the account of such holders so as to be available for such
payment, all remaining assets available for distribution shall be distributed ratably to the holders
of Series C Preferred Stock and Common Stock (with each share of Series C Preferred Stock
being deemed, for such purpose, to be equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
(including fractions of a share) into which such share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible
immediately prior to the close of business on the business day fixed for such distribution). __

2.3 Treatment of Mergers, Consolidations, and Sales of Stock or Assets. The
merger or consolidation of the Corporation, or the issuance, sale or recapitalization of its capital

stock (other than a merger, consolidation, sale, issuance or recapitalization in which the holders
of the capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior thereto continue to hold immediately
thereafter a majority of the voting power of the capital stock of the Corporation or other
surviving corporation), or the sale or other conveyance of all or substantially all the assets of the
Corporation (collectively, a “Disposition”) shall be decmed to be a liquidation, dissolution, or
winding up of the Corporation for purposes of this Section 2, unless the holders of at least two-
thirds of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a single
class on an as-converted basis, immediately prior to such event elect that such Disposition not be
so treated. In the absence of such elcction, the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive the amounts payable to such holders pursuant to Section 2.1.

2.4 Distributions Other Than Cash. The amount distributable to the holders of
Preferred Stock upon a Liquidation Event or Disposition shall be in cash or, to the extent cash is
insufficient, in property, rights or securities. The value of such property, rights or other
securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. To the
extent consideration distributed hereunder shall be in different forms, each holder of Preferred _
Stock shall be cntitled to its pro rata share of each form of consideration, unless otherwise agreed
by the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, voting as a single class on an 2s-converted basis.

3. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise required by law or as provided in this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of the Preferred Stock and the
Common Stock shall have the following respective voting rights:

3.1 Preferred Stock. Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled _
to notice of any stockholders’ meeting and to vote on any matters on which the Common Stock
may be voted. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to
the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which such share of Preferred Stock is
convertible, pursuant to Section 4, at the record date for such vote or, in the case of a written
consent, on the date of signing thereof. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall vote as a
separate class with respect to any matter or proposed action as to which applicable law or this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation require the separate vote, consent or approval
-5-

of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock or the Series C
Preferred Stock as applicable.

3.2 | Common Stock. The holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to one
vote per share for the election of directors and on all other matters for which a vote of common
stockholders is required. Except as otherwise provided herein and subjcct to provisions of law,
holders of Common Stock and holders of Preferred Stock shall vote together as one class.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the Gencral Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall vote together with the holders of
shares of Preferred Stock as a single class with respect to any proposed amendment hereto that
would increase or decrease the number of shares of authorized Common Stock with each such
share being entitled to such number of votes per sharc as is provided in this Section 3, and the _.
holders of shares of Common Stock shall not be entitled to a separate class vote with respect
thereto.

3.3 Election of Board of Directors. The holders of the Preferred Stock and the
holders of the Common Stock shall be entitled to vote upon the election of directors on the
following basis:

(a) one member of the Board of Directors shall! be elected by the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting as a separate class;

(6) one member of the Board of Directors shall be elected by the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class;

(c) one member of the Board of Directors shall be elected by the
holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate class;

(d) | twomembers of the Board of Directors shall be elected by the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class; and

(e) two members of the Board of Directors shall be elected by the
holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock,
voting as a single class on an as-converted basis.

4. Conversion Rights. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have the following
rights with respect to the conversion of shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock:

4.1

(a)  Serics A Preferred Stock. Each outstanding share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after issuance
and without the payment of any additional consideration therefor, into such number of fully paid
and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series A Original
Purchase Price by the Series A Conversion Price in effect at the time of conversion, The
-6-

“Series A Original Purchase Price” shall be $1.25 for each share of Series A Preferred Stock
(subject to equitable adjustment for any stock dividend, subdivision, combination,
reclassification or other event affecting the number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock). The “Series A Conversion Price” shall initially be the Series A Original Purchase Price
subject to adjustment in order to adjust the number of shares of Common Stock into which the
Series A Preferred Stock is convertible as hereinafter provided.

(b) Series B Preferred Stock. Each outstanding share of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder, thereof, at any time after
issuance and without the payment of any additional consideration therefor, into such number of
fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series B
Original Purchase Price by the Series B Conversion Price in effect at the time of conversion.
The “Series B Original Purchase Price” shall be $1.25 for each share of Series B Preferred
Stock (subject to equitable adjustment for any stock dividend, subdivision, combination,
reclassification or other cvent affecting the number of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred
Stock). The “Series B Conversion Price” shall initially be the Series B Original Purchase Price
subject to adjustment in order to adjust the number of shares of Common Stock into which the
Series B Preferred Stock is convertible as hereinafter provided.

(c) Series C Preferred Stock. Each outstanding share of Series C
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after issuance
and without payment of any additional consideration therefor, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series C Original
Purchase Price by the Series C Conversion Price. The “Series C Original Purchase Price”
shall be $1.25 for each share of Series C Preferred Stock (subject to equitable adjustment for any
stock dividend, subdivision, combination, reclassification or other event affecting the number of
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock). The “Series C Conversion Price” shall
initially be the Series C Original Purchase Price subject to adjustment in order to adjust the
number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series C Preferred Stock is convertible as
hereinafter provided.

4.2 Adjustments to Conversion Price.

(a) Definitions. For the purposes of this Section 4.2, the following
definitions shall apply:

(1) “Option” means any outstanding right, option or warrant to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(2) “Original Issue Date” means the date on which shares of
Series C Preferred Stock were first issued.

(3) “Convertible Securities” means any evidences of
indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock or Preferred Stock) or other securities directly or
indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.
-7-

(4) ‘Additional Shares of Common Stock” means all sharcs
of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 4.2(c), deemed to be issued) by the
Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable:

(i) upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock or as a
dividend or distribution on the Preferred Stock;

(ii) to employees, officers, directors or consultants of
the Corporation under any stock option plan or restricted stock agreement approved by the Board
of Directors, but not more than 4,479,951 of such shares (subject to equitable adjustment for any
stock dividend, subdivision, combination, reclassification or other event affecting the number of
outstarding shares of Common Stock) (the “Reserved Employee Shares”) except with the vote
or written consent of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(iii) in connection with any merger, acquisition or other
reorganization approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors;

(iv) in connection with strategic corporate partnering
arrangements or pursuant to business conducted by the Corporation with customers or suppliers,
in each case, as approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors; and

(v) to lessors or financial institutions in connection with
financing transactions approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors.

(5) “Common Stock Deemed Outstanding” means, at any
given time, the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding at such time, plus the
number of shares of Common Stock issvable at such time upon conversion of any series of
Preferred Stock, and any other Convertible Securities then outstanding, plus the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable at any time upon the exercise of all then outstanding Options.

(6) “Conversion Prices” means, collectively, the Series A
Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price and Series C Conversion Price.

(b) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment shall be made
in the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock as the result of the issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock or otherwise unless the consideration per share determined
pursuant to Section 4.2(f) for an Additional Share of Common Stock issued or deemed to be
issued by the Corporation is less than the Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price
or Series C Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(c) Issue of Options and Convertible Securities Deemed Issue of
Additional Shares of Common Stock. If the Corporation at any time or from time to time after
the Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities, or shall fix a record

date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such
Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set
forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provision contained therein for a
subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case
-8-

of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of
such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such
record date; provided, that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are
deemed to be issued:

(1) further adjustment in the Conversion Price for any series of
Preferred Stock shall be madc upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securitics;

(2) the expiration or termination of any such Options or any
rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been
exercised, the Conversion Price for each series of Preferred Stock computed upon the original
issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent
adjustments based thereon shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

(i) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were the shares of
Common Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities, and the consideration received therefor was the
consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or
not exercised, plus the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise, or
for the issuc of all such Convertible Securities which were actually converted or exchanged, plus
the additional consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation upon such conversion
or exchange; and

(ii) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities,
only the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issucd upon the exercise thereof were issued at
the time of issue of such Options, and the consideration received hy the Corporation for the
Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been then issued was the consideration
actually received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised,
plus the consideration deemed to have been received by the Corporation determined pursuant to
Section 4.2(f)(2) (or upon the issue of the Convertible Securities with respect to which such
Options were actually exercised);

(3) no recomputation pursuant to the preceding clause (2) shall
have the effect of increasing the Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price or
Series C Conversion Price to an amount that exceeds the lower of (i) the applicable Conversion
Price on the original adjustment date, or (ii) the Conversion Price that would have resulted from
any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the original adjustment date and
such recomputation date: and

(4) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options
or Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously
made in the Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price
which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of business on such
-9..

record date, and thereafter the appropriate Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this
Section 4.2(c) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(d) Stock Dividends, Distributions and Subdivisions; Deemed
Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Corporation at any time or
from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall declare or pay any dividend or make any
other distribution on the Common Stock payable in Common Stock, or effect a subdivision of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or other than by payment of a dividend
in Common Stock), then and in any such event, Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be
deemed to have been issued:

(1) the case of any such dividend or distribution, immediately
after the close of business on the record date for the determination of holders of any class or
series of securities entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, or

(2) in the case of any such subdivision, at the close of business
on the date immediately prior to the date upon which such subdivision becomes effective.

If such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend shall not have been fully paid
on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in the Series A Conversion Price,
Series B Conversion Price or Serics C Conversion Price which became effective on such record
date shall be canceled as of the close of business on such record date, and thereafter the Series A
Conversion Pricc, Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price, as the case may be,
shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.2(d) as of the Gime of actual payment of such
dividend.

(e) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Certain Events. If the
Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock, including Additional Shares of

Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 4.2(c) hereof but excluding Additional
Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to Section 4.2(d), which is addressed in Section 4.2(g),
without consideration or for a consideration per share less than either the Series A Conversion
Price, Series B Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, such Conversion Price shall be reduced
concurrently with such issue in order to increase the number of shares of Common Stock into
which shares of the applicable series of Preferred Stock are convertible, to a price (calculated to
the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which shall be (A) the number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding
immediately prior to such issue, plus (8) the number of shares of Common Stock which the
aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of
Common Stock so issued would purchase at such Conversion Price, and (y) the denominator of
which shall be (A) the number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately
prior to such issue, plus (B) the number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the applicable Conversion Price shall not be so reduced at such
time if the amount of such reduction would be an amount less than $0.001, but any such amount
shall be carried forward and a reduction with respect thereto shall be made at the time of and
together with any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any amounts so
carried forward, shall aggregate $0.001 or more.
-10-

(f) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 4.2,
the consideration reccived by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common
Stock shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(i) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate of cash received by the Corporation, cxcluding amounts paid or payable for accrued
interest or accrued dividends;

(ii) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as reasonably determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation; and

(iii) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock
are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed
as provided in clauses (i) and (ii) above, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per
share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been

issued pursuant to Section 4.2(c) relating to Options and Convertible Securities shall be
determined by dividing:

(i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by
the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating
thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
consideration until such subsequent adjustment occurs) payable to the Corporation upon the
exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the
case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible
Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, by

(ii) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
(as set forth in instruments relating thercto, without regard to any provision contained therein for
a subsequent adjustment of such number until such subsequent adjustment occurs) issuable upon
the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(g) Adjustment for Stock Splits, Stock Dividends, Subdivisions,

Combinations or Consolidation of Common Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of
Common Stock shall be split, subdivided, combined or consolidated, by reclassification or

otherwise, into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, and/or in the event that
the Corporation shall issue shares of Common Stock by way of a stock dividend or other
distribution to the holders of Common Stock, the Conversion Price for each series of Preferred
Stock in effect immediately prior to such split, subdivision. stock dividend, combination or
consolidation shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such split, subdivision, stock dividend,
combination or consolidation, be increased or decreased proportionately.
-11-

th) Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event
the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall make or
issuc, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a
dividend or other distribution (other than a distribution in liquidation or other distribution
otherwise provided for herein) with respect to the Common Stock payable in securities of the
Corporation other than shares of Common Stock, then and in each such event provision shall be
made so that the holders of Preferred Stock shall reccive upon conversion thereof in addition to
the number of shares of Common Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the
Corporation that they would have received had their Preferred Stock been converted into
Common Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafter, during the period from the date
of such event to and including the Conversion Date, as defined in Section 4.4(a), retained such
securities reccivable by them as aforesaid during such period, giving application to all _
adjustments called for during such period under this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the
holders of Preferred Stock.

(i) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange or Substitution. If the
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same
or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
or stock dividend provided for above, or a reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale of assets
provided for below), then and in each such event the holder of each such share of Preferred Stock
Shall have the right thereafter to convert such share into the kind and amount of shares of stock
and other securities and property receivable upon such reorganization, reclassification, or other
change, by holders of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of
Preferred Stock might have been converted immediately prior to such reorganization,
reclassification, or change, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

4.3 Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder would
otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to the product of such fraction
multiplied by the then effective Conversion Price for the applicable series of Preferred Stock. -

4.4 Mechanics of Conversion.

(a) In order for a holder of any series of Preferred Stock to convert
shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall give written notice to
the Corporation that such holder elects to convert shares of Preferred Stock and shall surrender
the certificate or certificates for such shares of Preferred Stock, at the office of the transfer agent
for the Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the Corporation if the Corporation serves as
its own transfer agent), together with written notice that such holder elects to convert all or any _
number of the shares of the Preferred Stock represented by such certificate or certificates. Such
notice shall state such holder’s name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes
the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued and the number of shares
of Preferred Stock to be converted. If required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for
conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer,
in form reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation, duly exccuted by the registered holder or his
or its attorney duly authorized in writing. The date of receipt of such certificates and notice by
-12-

the transfer agent (or by the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) shall
be the conversion date (the “Conversion Date”) and the conversion shall be deemed effective as
of the close of business on the Conversion Date in accordance with paragraph (d) below. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after the Conversion Date, issue and deliver to such
holder of Preferred Stock, or to his or its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled, together with cash in lieu of any
fraction of a share in an amount equal to the same fraction of the market price per share of the
Common Stock (as determined in a reasonable manner prescribed by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation) at the close of business on the Conversion Date. The determination as to
whether or not any fractional shares are issuable shall be based upon the aggregate number of
shares of Preferred Stock being converted at any one time by a holder thereof, not upon each
share of Preferred Stock being converted.

(b) The Corporation shal! at all times when any series of Preferred
Stock is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued stock, for the
purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred Stock, such number of its duly authorized
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment
reducing the Conversion Price below the then-existing par value of the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, the Corporation shal] take any corporate action that
may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Corporation may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at such adjusted Conversion
Price.

(c) | Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the Conversion Price
for any series of Preferred Stock shall be made for any declared and unpaid dividends on such
series of Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon
conversion.

(d) All shares of Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion as herein
provided shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares,
including the rights, if any, to receive notices, to vote and to dividends shall immediately ccase
and terminate at the close of business on the Conversion Date (except only the right of the
holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and to receive unpaid
dividends declared prior to conversion). Any shares of Preferred Stock so converted shall be
retired and canceled and shall not be reissued, and the Corporation from time to time shall take
appropriate action to reduce the authorized Preferred Stock accordingly.

4.5 Certificates as to Adjustments, Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4,
the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to cach holder of each series of Preferred Stock
affected by such adjustment or readjustment a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in reasonable detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall upon the reasonable written request of any holder
of any series of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder as soon as
practicable a similar certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the
-13-

Conversion Price then in effect for such series of Preferred Stock, and (iii) the number of shares
of Common Stock and the amount if any, of other property that would then be received upon the
conversion of Preferred Stock.

4.6 Merger or Sale of Assets. If at any time or from time to time there shail be
a Disposition, as defmed in Section 2.3, then, as a part thereof, provision shall be made so that
the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation,
or of the successor corporation resulting from such Disposition, to which a holder of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion would have been entitled on such Disposition. In any such case,
appropriate adjustment (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation) shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4.6 with respect to
the rights and interest thereafter of the holders of the Preferred Stock after the Disposition to
ensure that the provisions of this Section 4.6 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then
in effect and the number of shares acquirable upon conversion of each series of Preferred Stock)
shall be applicable after the Disposition in as nearly equivalent a manner as may be practicable.
Each holder of Preferred Stock, upon the occurrence of a Disposition, shall have the option of
electing treatment under either this Section 4.6 or (unless the holders of at least two-thirds of the
voting power of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a single class on an as-
converted basis, elect that the Disposition not be treated as a liquidation pursuant to Section 2.3)
Section 2.3, notice of which election shall be submitted in writing to the Corporation at its
principal offices no later than ten days after the effective date of such Disposition.

4.7 Notice of Record Date. In the event that any of the following occurs:

(a) the Corporation declares a dividend upon its Common Stock or
makes any other distribution on its Common Stock payable in Common Stock or other securities
of the Corporation;

(b) __ the Corporation subdivides or combines its outstanding shares of
Common Stock;

(c) there occurs any reclassification of the Common Stock of the
Corporation (other than a subdivision or combination of its outstanding shares of Common Stock
ora stock dividend or stock distribution thereon), or any consolidation or merger of the
Corporation into or with another corporation, or of the sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation; or

(d) the involuntary or voluntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up
of the Corporation;
-14-

then the Corporation shall cause to be filed at its principal office or at the office of the transfer
agent for the Preferred Stock and shall cause to be furnished to the holders of the Preferred Stock
by mail, postage prepaid, or telecopier at their addresses as shown on the records of the
Corporation or such transfer agent, at least ten days prior to the record date specified in (1) below
or twenty days before the date specified in (2) below, a notice stating the following information:

(1) the record date of such dividend, distribution, subdivision
ot combination, or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of Common
Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distribution, subdivision, or combination are to be
determined, or

(2) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up is expected to become effective, and the date,
as of which it is expected that holders of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange
their shares of Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up.

4.8 Mandatory Conversion of Preferred Stock.

(a) Mandatory Conversion. Ail outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
shall be automatically converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion
Price upon the closing of an underwritten, firm commitment public offering pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, in which the assumed valuation
of the Corporation immediately prior to the offering, as reflected in the proposed per share price
to the public for the Common Stock, is not less than $100 million and the aggregate net proceeds
to the Corporation (after deduction of underwriting discounts and commissions) are not less than
twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000) (a “Qualified Public Offering”).

(b) —_ Elective Series C Conversion. Upon the written consent of holders
of Series C Preferred Stock representing at least two-thirds of the voting power of the then
outstanding shares of Scries C Preferred Stock, all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shall be automatically converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Series C
Conversion Price.

(c) Elective Junior Preferred Conversion. Upon the written consent of
holders of Junior Preferred representing at least two-thirds of the voting power of the then
outstanding shares of Junior Preferred, voting together as a single class, all outstanding shares of
Junior Preferred shall be automatically converted into shares of Common Stock at the then
effective applicable Conversion Price.

(d) Conversion Mechanics. On or after the date of occurrence of a
conversion of Preferred Stock pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 4.8 (a
“Conversion Event”), and in any event within ten days after receipt of notice, by mail, postage
prepaid, or telecopier from the Corporation of the occurrence of such event, each holder of
record of shares of any series of Preferred Stock being converted shall surrender such holder’s
certificates evidencing such shares at the principal office of the Corporation or at such other
place as the Corporation shall designate, and shall thereupon be entitled to receive certificates
-15-

evidencing the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock are
converted and cash as provided in Section 4.3 in respect of any fraction of a share of Common
Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion. On the date of the occurrence of a Conversion
Event, each holder of record of shares of any series of Preferred Stock being converted shall be
deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion,
notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shares of any series of Preferred Stock
shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that notice from the Corporation
shall not have been received by any holder of record of shares of any series of Preferred Stock
being converted, or that the certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock shall not then
be actually delivered to such holder.

(e) Shares Deemed Retired and Cancelled. All certificates evidencing
shares of any series of Preferred Stock that are required to be surrendered for conversion in
accordance with the provisions hereof, from and after the date such certificates are so required to
be surrendered, shall be deemed to have been retired and canceled and the shares of any series of
Preferred Stock represented thereby converted into Common Stock for all purposes,
notwithstanding the failure of the holder or holders thereof to surrender such certificates on or
prior to such date. The Corporation from time to time thereafter shall take appropriate action to
reduce the authorized Preferred Stock accordingly.

4.9 No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporatior or through any reorganization, transfer of
assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary
action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed
or performed hereunder by the Corporation but will at all times in good faith assist in the
carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be
necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Preferred
Stock against impairment.

5. Redemption.

5.1 Preferred Stock. At any time following the fifth anniversary of the
Original Issue Date, within twenty days after receipt of the written request of the holders of two-
thirds of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a single
class on an as-converted basis (the “Initial Redemption Date”), the Corporation shall redeem in
three equal annual installments all of the shares of Preferred Stock outstanding at the Initial
Redemption Date on a pari passu basis. The redemption price for each share of Preferred Stock
redeemed pursuant to this Section 5 shall be the applicable Original Purchase Price (as adjusted
for any stock dividend, subdivision, combination, reclassification or other event affecting the
number of outstanding shares of the applicable series of Preferred Stock) plus all declared but
unpaid dividends through the date of redemption (in each case, the “Redemption Price’). Such
shares shall be redeemed on the Initial Redemption Date and on the first and second
anniversaries of the Initiai Redemption Date (each, a ‘Redemption Date”).

5.2 Surrender of Certificates; Payment. Each holder of shares of Preferred
Stock to be redeemed shall surrender certificate(s) representing such shares to the Corporation at

the principal office of the Corporation, and thereupon the Redemption Price shall be paid to the
-16-

order of the person whose name appears on such certificate(s) and each surrendered certificate
shall be canceled and retired.

5.3. Dividends and Conversion after Redemption. From and after the
applicable time for redemption of any shares of Preferred Stock, such shares shall not be entitled
to any further dividends pursuant to Section 1 hereof or to the conversion rights set forth in
Section 4 hereof, provided the Corporation has paid the applicable Redemption Price in full to
the holders of such shares.

5.4 Insufficient Funds for Redemption. If the funds of the Corporation legally
available for redemption of any Preferred Stock at the applicable time for redemption are
insufficient to redeem the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be so redeemed, the holders of
shares of the Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall share ratably in any funds legally available for
redemption of such shares in proportion to the respective amounts which would be payable with
respect to the number of shares owned by them if the shares to be so redeemed were redeemed in
full. The shares of Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain outstanding and entitled to all
rights and preferences provided herein notwithstanding Section 5.3. At any time thereafter when
additional funds of the Corporation are legally available for the redemption of such shares such
funds will be used, at the end of the next succeeding fiscal quarter, to redeem the balance of such
shares, or such portion thereof for which funds are then legally available, on the basis set forth
above.

5.5 Interest on Defaulted Amounts. In the event of a default by the
Corporation in the payment of the applicable Redemption Price as of any Redemption Date, such
Redemption Price shall accrue interest at the rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum, payable
quarterly in arrears.

6. Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Preferred Stock redeemed, purchased, or
otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and canceled
promptly after the acquisition thereof, and shall not be reissued and the Corporation from time to
time shail take such action as may be necessary to reduce the authorized Preferred Stock
accordingly.

7. Restrictions and Limitations.

7.1 Vote Required by Preferred Stock. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, the Corporation shall not do any of the following without the approval by vote
or written consent of the holders of two-thirds of the voting power of the then outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock, voting as a single class on an as-converted basis:

(a) | Amend or repeal the Corporation’s Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, including by way of merger, consolidation or
otherwise,

Stock. (b) Increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Preferred
toc
-17-

(c) Authorize, issue or otherwise create (by reclassification or
otherwise) any new class of additional shares of capital stock of the Corporation having priority
over the existing Preferred Stock or ranking in parity with any existing series of Preferred Stock
as to payment of dividends, whether in cash or in kind, or the payment or distribution of assets
upon the liquidation or dissolution, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation.

(d) Authorize any material asset transfer, acquisition or merger,
exchange, consolidation (including such action involving a subsidiary of the Corporation) or
voluntary dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, or any Disposition.

(ec) Pay a dividend on or repurchase any shares of Common Stock,
other than repurchase of Common Stock pursuant to employee stock purchase or restriction
agreements previously approved by the Board of Directors.

(f) Increase or decrease the size of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors.

(g) | Repurchase any shares of Preferred Stock, other than a repurchase
pursuant to Section 5 hereof.

7.2 Note Required by Series A Preferred Stock. Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, without the approval by vote or written consent of the holders of two-

thirds of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate class, the Corporation shall not take any action that constitutes or results in an
amendment or waiver of any provision of the Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws, including by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such
amendment or waiver in any way adversely alters any existing rights, preferences or privileges of
the Series A Preferred Stock in a manner materially different from that of any other series of
Preferred Stock or results in any increase or decrease in the authorized number of shares of the
Series A Preferred Stock.

7.3. Mote Required by Series B Preferred Stock. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, without the approval by vote or written consent of the holders of two-thirds of
the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class, the Corporation shall not take any action that constitutes or results in an amendment or
waiver of any provision of the Corporation’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws, including by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment or waiver
in any way adversely alters any existing rights, preferences or privileges of the Series B
Preferred Stock in a manner materially different from that of any other series of Preferred Stock
or results in any increase or decrease in the authorized number of shares of the Serics B Preferred
Stock.

. 7.4 Vote Required by Series C Preferred Stock. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, without the approval by vote or written consent of the holders of two-thirds of

the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class, the Corporation shall not take any action that constitutes or results in an amendment or
waiver of any provision of the Corporation’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
-18-

or Bylaws, including by way of merger, consolidation or atherwise, if such amendment or waiver
in any way adversely alters any existing rights, preferences or privileges of the Series C
Preferred Stock in a manner materially different from that of any other series of Preferred Stock
or results in any increase or decrease in the authorized number of shares of the Series C Preferred
Stock.

7.5 Vote Required by the Corporation’s Board of Directors. Except as

otherwise expressly provided herein, the Corporation shail not do any of the following without
the approval by vote or written consent of the majority of the members of the Corporation’s
Board of Directors:

(a) Issue any shares of Common Stock other than pursuant to any
equity incentive plan approved by the Corporation’s Board of Directors.

(b) Incur indebtedness in excess of any amount of working capital
bank debt outstanding at the time of the financing.

(c) Enter inte any material agreement affecting the Corporation’s right
to compete or the licensing of the Corporation's intellectual property rights.

(d) Provide cash compensation (including base salary and bonuses) for
any officer of the Corporation in an amount in excess of $125,000 per year.

(c) Enter into any employment agreement that includes more than 30
days of severance.

Vv.
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
VI.

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of
Delaware:

A. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the
Corporation shall so provide.

B, The books of the Corporation may be kept at such place within or without the
State of Delaware as the Bylaws of the Corporation may provide or as may be designated from
time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

VI.

The Corporation eliminates the personal liability of each member of its Board of
Directors to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty as a director, provided, however, that, to the cxtent provided by applicable law, the
foregoing shall not eliminate the liability of a director (i) for any breach of such director’s duty
-]9-

of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or
which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of
Title 8 of the Delaware Code or (iv) for any transaction from which such director derived an
improper personal benefit. No amendment to or repeal of this provision shall apply to or have
any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director for or with respect to any acts or
omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

VII.

The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed
by statute, and all rights conferred upon a stockholder herein are granted subject to this
reservation.

Ix.

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between the Corporation and its
creditors or any class of them and/or between the Corporation and its stockholders or any class of
them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in
a summary way of the Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application
of any receiver or reccivers appointed for the Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of
Title 8 of the Delaware Code or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or
receivers appointed for the Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of Title 8 of the
Delaware Code, order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders
or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner
as the said court directs, If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the
Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any
reorganization of the Corporation as consequence of such compromise or arrangement, the said
compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which
the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on
all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of the Corporation, as the case may be, and also on
the Corporation.

[Remainder Of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
-20-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation on behalf of the Corporation on March 8, 2006.

QO> Za,
Janfeg W. Bullock
President and Chief Executive O“ficer
aa
wee

SORCRAT ION TRUST ILM TEAR 8 HED, 3806 12. 15/87 07 ce fateh oF elaware}

cretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 11:14 AM 03/08/2006
FILED 11:14 AM 03/08/2006
SRV 060226725 - 4119408 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF OWNERSHIP AND MERGER
MERGING
ATRITECH, INC. (MINNESOTA)
WITH AND INTO
ATRITECH, INC. (DELAWARE)

Pursuant (o Secnon 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the undersigned

certifies ag follows:

FIRST. The constituent corporations are Awitech, Inc., a Minocsvls curpuralion
(‘Parent’), and Atnitech, lac , » Dclawarc carporation (the “Compuny”).

SECOND: That Parent was incorporated on Lecember 12, 1999, pursuant to the
Minnesota Business Corporation Act, and that the Company was incorporated on March 3, 2006,
pursuant to the Delaware Genera) Corporation Law.

THIRD: That Parcot owns all of the outstanding shares of each class of stock of the
Company.

FOURTH: That the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of Parent permit the merger
of a business corporation of that jurisdiction with the huginess corporation of another
junsdiction.

FIFTH: That the Corapany hereby merges Parent into the Cornpany (the “Merger’).
SIXTH: That the name of the surviving corporation is Amtech, Inc.

SEVENTH: The following is a copy of the resolutions duly adopted as of March 8, 2006,
by the Board of Directors of the Company authonzing the merger of Parent into the Company:

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the plan of merger (the
“Plan of Merger’), attached hereto as Exhibit A, sefting forth the terms upon
which the Parent will merge with and into the Company, is adopted, authonzed
and approved in all respects

RESOLVED FURTHER, that upon the surrender of certificates
represcoting duly authorized, validly issued and nonassessable shares of stock of
tbe Parent, the officers of the Company are hereby authorized to issue in
accordance with the Company's Bylaws and the Plan of Merger, on a pro rata
basis, certificates representing shares of stock of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER, that the Company and its officers are autborized
and durected to pay such fees, expenses, compuissions and other considerauon to
such persons or entties as such officers may approve in connection witb the
Reincorporation and related transactions.
FAOM GORPURAL ON TRUST WiLM TEAM 87 WEN 3. 6 06 22:13/57 12g NO 49637965°E F 4

RESOLVED FURTHER, that the officers of the Company, and cach of
them acting alone, are authorized to: (1) execute and deliver such agreements aod
documents ag may be required, uwcluding without limitation a Certficate of
Ownership and Merger, in the name and on behalf of the Company, and (11) take
all actions which they or any of them may deem necessary or advisable to pay all
appropriate fees and expenses and to exccute, deliver, file and publish a!]
applications, statements, reports, undertakings, agreements, cernficates and other
instruments, in order to consummate the Reincorporation, including without
limitation the filuog of the Certificate of Ownership and Merger with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware

EIGHTH: That the proposed Merger bas been adopted, approved, cerufied, executed and
acknowledged by Parent io accordance with the Minnesota Business Corporation Act.

NINTH: That the Merger shall become effective immediately upon the filing of this
Certificate with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parent has caused this Certificate of Ownership and
Merger to be executed in its corporate name this 8th day of March, 2006.

ATRITECH, INC.

By.

President and Chief Executive Officer
EXHIBIT A

PLAN OF MERGER
OF
ATRITECH, INC.

(a Minnesota Corporation)

ATRITECH, INC.
(a Delaware Corporation)

This plan of merger is made effective as of March 8, 2006, by and between Atritech, Inc.,
a Mimesota corporation (“‘Atritech (Minnesota)”), and Atritech, Inc., 2 Delaware corporation
(“Atritech (Delaware)”).

WITNESSETH THAT:

WHEREAS, the boards of directors of Atritech (Minnesota) and Atritech (Delaware)
have determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of their respective corporations to
merge such corporations into a single corporation.

NOW, THEREFORE, Atritech (Minnesota) and Atritech (Delaware) hereby agree upon
and adopt this plan of merger (‘Plan of Merger’).

I. TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.1 Merger. Upon the Effective Date, as defined in Section 1.3 below, Atritech
(Minnesota) shall be merged with and into Atritech (Delaware), and Atritech (Delaware) shall be
the surviving corporation.

1.2 Terms of Merger. On the Effective Date, each issued and outstanding share of
Atnitech (Minnesota) capital stock shall be converted into and exchanged for, by reason of the
Merger and without any action on the part of ihe holders thereof, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable shares of stock of Atritech (Delaware) as follows:

* each outstanding share of common stock of Atritech (Minnesota) shall be converted
into one share of common stock of Atritech (Delaware);

" each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock (“Series A Preferred”) of Atritech
(Minnesota) shall be converted into one share of Series A Preferred Stock of Atritech
(Delaware);

" each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock (“Series B Preferred”) of Atritech
(Minnesota) shall be converted into one share of Series B Preferred Stock of Atritech
(Delaware);

On the Effective Date, each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Atritech
(Delaware) shall be cancelled and extinguished, and no shares shall be issued in lieu thereof.

4836-6576-2304\1
1.3 Effective Date. After the adoption of this Plan of Merger by the vote of the
requisite number of holders of shares of each of Atritech (Delaware) and Atritech (Minnesota),
this Plan of Merger shall become effective on the date that Articles of Merger and a Certificate
of Ownership and Merger have been filed with the secretary of state of Minnesota and the
secretary of state of Delaware, respectively (the ‘Effective Date’). ,

1.4 Effect of Merger. Upon the Effective Date, the provisions of Section 302A.641,
subdivisions 2 and 3, of the Minnesota Business Corporation Act shall apply. The separate
existence of Atritech (Minnesota) shall cease, and Atritech (Minnesota) shall be merged with and
into Atritech (Delaware) as the surviving corporation, and all of the property, assets, rights,
privileges, powers, franchises and immunities of Atritech (Delaware) and Atritech (Minnesota)
shall vest in Atritech (Delaware), and all of the debts, liabilities, and obligations of Atntech _
(Delaware) and Atritech (Minnesota) shall become the debts, liabilities, and obligations of
Atritech (Delaware).

1.5 Stock Certificates. On and after the Effective Date, all of the outstanding
certificates which prior to that time represented shares of stock of Atritech (Minnesota) shall be
deemed for all purposes to evidence ownership of and to represent the shares of Atritech
(Delaware) into which the shares of Atritech (Minnesota) represented by such certificates have
been converted. The registered owner on the books and records of Atritech (Minnesota) of any
such outstanding stock certificate shall, until such certificate shall has been surrendered for
transfer or exchange or otherwise accounted for to Atritech (Delawarc), have and be entitled to
exercise any voting and other rights with respect to and to receive any dividend and other
distributions upon the shares of Atritech (Delaware) evidenced by such outstanding certificate.
Upon the surrender of a certificate representing duly authorized, validly issued and
nonassessable shares of stock of Atritech (Minnesota), the officers of Atritech (Delaware) shall
issue in accordance with Atritech (Delaware)’s Bylaws and this Plan of Merger, on a pro rata
basis, a certificate representing shares of stock of Atritech (Delaware) issuable pursuant to this
Plan of Merger.

Il. CHARTER DOCUMENTS, DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS _

2.1 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. The certificate of incorporation of
Atritech (Delaware), as in effect on the Effective Date, shall continue to be the certificate of
incorporation of Atritech (Delaware) until amended in accordance with the provisions thereof
and applicable law. The bylaws of Atritech (Delaware), in effect on the Effective Date, shall
continue to be the bylaws of Atritech (Delaware) until amended in accordance with the
provisions thereof and applicable law.

2.2 Directors and Officers of Atritech (Delaware). From and after the Effective Date,

the directors of Atritech (Minnesota) shall continue in office for their current terms as the
directors of Atritech (Delaware) and until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their
death, resignation or removal. The officers of Atritech (Minnesota) shall become the officers of
Atntech (Delaware) on the Effective Date and sha!l serve at the pleasure of the board of

rectors.
I. MISCELLANEOUS

3.1 Service of Process in Minnesota. Atritech (Delaware) hereby consents to service
of process in the state of Minnesota in a proceeding for the enforcement of an obligation of a
constituent corporation and in a proceeding for the enforcement of the rights of a disserting
shareholder of a constituent corporation against Atritech (Delaware). The secretary of state of
the state of Minnesota is irrevocably appointed as the agent of Atritech (Delaware) to accept
service of process in any such proceeding, and the process may be forwarded to 3750 Annapolis
Lane, Suite 105, Plymouth, Minnesota 55447 Attention: Brad Swatfager.

3.2 Payments to Dissenting Shareholders. Atritech (Delaware) agrees that it will
promptly pay to the dissenting shareholders of Atritech (Minnesota) the amount, if any, to which
they are entitled under section 302A.473 of the Minnesota Business Corporation Act.

3.3 Abandonment. At any time before the Effective Date, this Plan of Merger may be
terminated and abandoned by agreement of the boards of directors of Atritech (Minnesota) and
Atritech (Delaware), notwithstanding approval of this Plan of Merger by the shareholders of
Atritech (Minnesota) and Atritech (Delaware).

3.4 Amendment. At any time before the Effective Date, this Plan of Merger may be
amended, modified or supplemented by the boards of directors of the parties hereto,
notwithstanding approval of this Plan of Merger by the shareholders of Atritech (Minnesota) and
Atnitech (Delaware), provided, however, that no such amendment, notification or supplement not
approved by the shareholder shall change any of the principal terms of this Plan of Merger.

3.5 Further Assurances. From time to time on and after the Effective Date, each party
hereto agrees that it will execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered all such
further assignments, assurances or other instruments, and shall take or cause to be taken all such
further actions, as may be necessary or desirable to complete the merger provided for herein and
the other transactions contemplated by this Plan of Merger.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Plan of Merger, having first been duly approved by the
board of directors of Atritech (Minnesota) and Atritech (Delaware) is hereby executed on behalf
of each of said corporations by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

ATRITECH. INC. ATRITECH, INC.
By W/a—~+e] By AY
J W. Bullock J W. Bullock
President and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Executive Officer
[“‘Atritech (Delaware)"’] {“Atritech (Minnesota)’’]
