A0652856
FILED 2)

In the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of California

C232N99 eet a
2

SINTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF ATRUA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Anthony Gioel and John Nesheim hereby certity that:

AN, They are the President and Secretary, respectively, of Atrua Technologies, Inc. a
California corporation.

B, The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation are amended and restated in their
enurety to read as follows:

The name of this corporation is ATRUA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
il

The purpose of this corporation ts to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business. the trust company business or the practice ofa profession permitted to be
mieorporated by the California Corporations Code.

Hl

The corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively,
“Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the corporation is
authorized to issue will be 48,915,000 shares, each with no par value per share. 28,000,000 shares
shall be Common Stock and 20,915,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock shall
consist of four serigs designated (i) Series | Preferred Stock (the "Series / Preferred"), consisting of
2.565,000 shares, (ii) Series 2 Preferred Stock (the "Series 2 Preferred") consisting of
1 SSO.000 shares, (11) Series 3 Preferred Stock (the "Series 3 Preferred") consisting of
10,500,000 shares and (iv) Series 4 Preferred Stock (the "Series 4 Preferred") consisting of
6.000.000 shares,

lV

Vhe relative powers, preferences, special rights. qualifications, limitation, and restrictions
granted fo or imposed on the respective classes of the shares of capital stock or the holders thereof
are as set forth below in this Ariiele IV. All section references in this Article |V will be deemed to be
references to sections within this Article 1V unless specifically stated otherwise.
I. Dividends. Che holders of Series 4 Preferred shall be entitled. when and if dechued
by the Board of Directors of the corporation, to dividends out of assets of the corporation legally
avaiable therefor at the annual rate oF SO.OS4 per share of Series 4 Preferred. subject to adjustment
of such tived dollar amount for any stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitali zations or
the Tike. plus @ further amount equal to any dividends declared but unpaid on such shares. Thereafter,
the holders of Series 3 Preferred shall be entitled, when and if declared by the Board of Directors of
the corporation. to dividends out of assets of the corporation legally available therefor at the annual
rie of SQLOS4 per share of Serigs 3 Preferred, subject to adjustment of such fixed dollar amount for
ay stock splits. stock dividends, combinations, recapitilizadions or the like. plus a further amount
equalto any dividends declared but unpaid on such shares. Thereafler, the holders of Series 2
Preferred shall be entitled, when and if declared by the Board of Directors of the corporation, ta
dividends oul of assets of the corporation legally available therefor at the annual rate of $0.6136 per
share of Series 2 Preferred, subject to adjustment of such fixed dollar amount for any stock splits,
Stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or the like, plus a further amount equat to any
dividends declared bat unpaid on such shares. Thereafter, the holders of Series | Preferred shall be
enotled, when and if declared by the Board of Directors of the corporation, to dividends out of assets
of the corporation legally available therefor at the annual rate of $0.4456 per share of Series |
Preferred, subject to adjustment of such fixed dollar amount for any stock splits, stock dividends,
combiniuons, reeapitalizations or the like, plus a further amount equal to any dividends declared but
unpad on such shares. Dividends on the Preferred Stock shall be payable prior and in preference to
any payment ofany dividend on the Common Stock. Thereafter, the holders of Common Stock and
Preverred Stock shall be extitted. when and if declared by the Board of Directors of the corporation,
to dividends out of assets of the corporation iegally available therefor, provided, however, that no
such dividend may be declared or paid on any shares of Common Stock unless at the same time an
equivaient dividend ts declared or paid on all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, and provided
further that the dividend on Preferred Stock shall be payable at the same rate per share as would be
pavable on the shares of Common Stock or other securities into which such Preferred Stock is
convertible immediately prior to the record date of such dividend. The right to dividends on shares
of the Preferred Stock shall not he cumulative, and no right shall acerue to holders of Preferred Stock
bs reason of the fact that dividends on such shares are not declared or paid in any prior year.

2 Liquidadon Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of
Ihe. srporation, either voluntary or involuntary, distributions to the shareholders of the corporation
shall be mace in the following manner:

(1) Series 4 Preferred Preference. The holders of Series 4 Preferred shall be
enuitled to receive, prior and in nreference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of
the corporation to the holders of Series 3 Preferred, Series 2 Preferred, Series | Preferred or
Common Stock of the corporation, an amount equal to $3.15 per share, subject to adjustment of such
fixed dollir amount for any stock splits. stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or the like.
plus a further ameunt equal to any dividends declared but unpaid on such shares (the "Series +
Properred Preference’), Wupon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation, the
assets of the corporation are insufficient to provide for the cash payment of the Series 4 Preferred
Preference, then the entire amount of the assets and funds of the corporatien legally available for
distribution shail be distributed ratably among the holders of Series 4 Preferred in proportion to the
fii) preferential amount each such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this
Seclion 2a).

{ls} Series 2 Preterree Preference. The holders of Series 3 Preferred shall be
entitled to reeens eg. ortor and in preference to any disibuiion of any of the assets or surplus funds of
the corporation to's helders of Series 2 Preferred, Series | Preferred or Common Stock of the
corporddon. an ar abe dual to $1 OS per share, subject to adjustment of such xed dollar amount
for aay stock spits stock di ends, combinauons, recapitalizations or the like, plus a further
aot eques todty divideuds -igelared fut unpaid on such shares (the "Series 3 Preferred
Prgerenc ), Ve upos: such Honidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation, the assets of the
corporation are. after the payment or setting apart of payment of the Series 4 Preferred Preference,
insufficient te srovicg fer the cash payment of the Series 3 Preferred Preference. then the entire
In aaning emount of the assets and funds of the corporation legally avaiabic for distribution shall be
distributed rat ly arnong the holders of Series 3 Preferred mi proportion to the full preferential
en. imteach such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2(b).

(c) Sees 2 Preferred Preference. The holders of Series 2 Prefutred shall be
enuuled ¢> receive, prior end in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of
Mes corperaion to the holders of Series | Preferred or Common Stock of the corporation, an amount
‘ ual to 87.07 per share, subject to adjustment of such fixed dollar amount for any stock splits, stock
divideads, combinations, recapitalizations or the like, plus a further amount equal to any dividends
declared but unpaid on such shares (the "Series 2 Preferred Preference"). \f upon such liquidation,
disse'stion or winding up of the corporation, the assets of the corporation are, after the payment or
sella apart of payment of the Series 4 Preferred Preference and the Series 3 Preferred Preference,
iMsulficient to provide for the cash payment of the Series 2 Preferred Preference, then the entire
remaining amount of the assets and funds of the corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratubly among the holders of Series 2 Preferred in proportion to the full preferential
umount each such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2(c).

(d) Series | Preferred Preference. After the payment or setting apart of payment
of the Series 2 Preferred Preference, the holders of Series | Preferred shall be entitled to receive,
prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the corporation to
the helders of Common Stock or any further distribution of any of the assets cr surplus funds of the
corporation to the holders of Series 2 Preferred, an amount equal to $£.57 per share of Series |
Preferred held by them, subject to adjustment of such fixed dollar amount for any stock splits, stock
dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or the like, plus a further amount equal to any dividends
declared but unpaid on such shares (the "Series / Preferred Preference"). \f wpon such tiquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the corporation, the assets of the corporation are, after the payment or
setting apart of payment of the Serics 4 Preferred Preference, the Series 3 Preferred Preference and
ihe Sertes 2 Preferred Preference, insufficient to provide for the cash payment of the Series |
Preterred Prefer nee. then the entire remaining amount of the assets and funds of the corporation
legally available for distribution shall be disiributed ratably among the holders of the Series |
Preferred in proportion to the full preferential amount each such holder would otherwise be entitled
tu reeeive pursuant to this Section 2(d).
(ec) Remaining Assets. After the payment or setting apart of payment of the
Series 4 Preferred Preference. the Series 3 Preferred Preference. the Series 2 Preferred Preference
and the Series | Preferred Preference, the holders of Common Stock, Series 4 Preferred. Series 3
Preferred and Series 2 Preferred shall be entitled to reeeive pro rata the remaining assets of the
corporation based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of
all Series 2 Preferred, Series 3 Preferred and Series 4 Preferred); provided, however, that the holders
of Series 2 Preferred shall not be entitled to further participate in any distribution of the remaining
issets of the corporation pursuant to this Section 2¢e) following receipt by such holders of aggregate
distributions pursuaatto this Section 2 equal to $15.34 for each outstanding share of Series 2
Preferred (including the Series 2 Preferred Preference and subject to adjustment for any applicable
stock splits, reverse stock splits or similar recapitalizations); provided, further, that if the aggregate
amount that would be payable with respect to the Series 2 Preferred pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of this Section 2 would be less than the amount payable with respect to such stock if it
were then converted into Common Stock, then in lieu of the foregoing preferential payments, the
holders of the Series 2 Preferred Preference, as applicable, shall receive the szmount that they would
have received if such stock were then converted into Common Stock.

(1) Shares not Treated as Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock in any
‘Distribution. Shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of Common

Stock in order to participate in any distribution, or series of distributions, as shares of Common
‘Stock. without first foregoing participation in the distribution, or series of distributions, as shares of.
Preferred Stock.

(yg) Reorganization or Merger. (i) The acquisition of the corporation by another

- entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any
reorganization, merger, consolidatioa or stock issuance other than a mere reincorporation
transaction) that results in the transfer of fifty percent (50°) or more of the outstanding voting
power of the corporation: (ii) a sale or exclusive licensing of all or substantially all of the assets of
this corporation: or (iii) a sale of stock by the shareholders of the corporation in any single
transaction or series of related transactions that results in the transfer of fifty (50%) or more of the
outstanding voting power of the corporation (collectiveiy, a "Change of Control") shall be deemed to
be a liquidation within the meaning of this Section 2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction
subject to this Section 2(g) shall not be deemed a liquidation within the meaning of this Section 2 if
the holders of two thirds (66 2/3%) of the outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class and not as Separate series. waive the treatment of such transaction as a liquidation.

(h) Noncash Distributions. If any of the assets of the corporation are to be
distributed other than in cash under subsectious (a). (bj, (c). (d) or (e) of this Section 2 or for any
purpose. then the Board of Directors of the corporation shail promptly engage nationally recognized
independent appraisers to determine the value of the assets to be distributed to the holders of
Preferred Stock and Common Stock; provided, however, that in the event the Board of Directors and
the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock (voting as a single class and on as-converted to
Common Stock basis) agree en the value of the noncash consideration such value shall be used, and
an appraiser shall not be engaged. The corporation shall, upon receipt of such appraiser's valuation
or upon the date the valuation is determined by the Board of Directors and agreed to by the holders
of Preferred Stock, give prompt written notice to each holder of shares of Preferred Stock of the

appraiser's Valuation. Notwithstanding the above, any securities to be distributed to the shareholders
shall be valued as tollows:

(4) Uf traded on a securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market or
Nasdaq SmallCap Market the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange, or the last reported sale prices on the Nasdaq National Market or
Nasdaq SmallCap Market as the case may be, over the thirty (30)-day period ending three (3)
btisiness divs prior to the closing:

(ii) =f actively traded over-the-counter (other than on the Nasdaq National
Market or Nasdaq SmallCap Market), the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid
prices or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty (30)-day period ending three (3)
business days prior to the closing: and

(iii) = If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market
value thereal, as mutually determined by the corporation and the hoiders of not less than a majority
of the outstanding shares af Preferred Stock (voting as a single class and on as-converted to
Common Stock basis), provided that if the corporation and the holders of a majority of the
outstinding shares of Preferred Stock are unable to reach an agreement, then by independent
appraisal by an investment banker or independent appraiser hired and paid by the corporation, but
acceptable to the holders of at least a majority-of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting. as |
asingle class and on as-converted to Common Stock basis).

3. Voting Rights.

(21) Vote Other Than for Directors. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which
each share of Preferred Stock could be converted 02 the record date for the vote or consent of
shareholders. Except as provided in Sections 3(b) and 5 or as otherwise required by law, the
Preferred Stock shall have vot'ng rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the
Common Stock. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any
shareholders' meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the corporation and shall vote with holders
ofthe Common Stock upon any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, except as otherwise
expressly provided herein or as required by law to be submitted to a class vote. Fractional votes
shall not. however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula

(after aggregating all shares of Common Stock into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each

holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half rounded
upward to one).

(b) Election of Directors. Subject to the qualifications set forth below, at each
election of directors, (i) So long as at least 300,000 shares of Series 4 Preferred are outstanding (as
adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like) the holders of Series 4
Preferred, voting together as a single class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the
corporation's Board of Directors: (ii) so long as at least 300,000 shares of Series 3 Preferred are
outstinding (is adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like), the
holders of the Series 3 Preferred, voting together as a single class, shall be entitled to elect one

5.
Chiimember of the corporation's Board of Directors: (11) so long as at least 300,000 shares of Series

1 Preferred are outstanding (as adjusted for any stock splits. stock dividends, recapitalizations or the
tthe). Uhe holders of the Series | Preferred. voting together as a single class. shall be entitled to eleet
one CL) member of the corporation's Board of Directors; (iv) ihe holders of Common Stock. voting
tosetheras a single class, shall be entitled to eleet two (2) members of the corporation's Board of
Directors: and (v) the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting as a single class onan
as-converted basis. shall elect the remaining members of the Board of Directors. Except as
otherwise provided by law, any director who was elected by a specified series, class or classes of
shares may be removed during his or her tenn of office, either for or without cause, by the
affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of the series, class or classes of shares which initially
vlected such director, Such vote may be given ata special meeting of such shareholders duly called
or by anaction by written consent for that purpose. Vacancies on the Board of Directors may be
Hlled by (1) the unanimous written consent of the directors then in office, (ii) the affirmative vote of
amayority of the directors then in office at a meeting held pursuant to notice or waivers of notice
complying with Section 307 of the California Corporations Code, or (ili) a sole remaining director of
the Corporation, except that a vacancy created by the removal of a director by court order may be
Hlled by only the vote of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon represented at a duly held
Meeting at which a quorum ts present, or by an action by written consent for that purpose. Each
director so elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until a successor
has been elected and qualified. The shareholders of the specified series or class entitled to vote upon
the election of any director from which a vacancy arose may elect a director at any time to fill such
vacaney not filled by the directors.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock have conversion rights as follows
(the “Conversion Rights"):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the
corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Issuance Price by the
Conversion Price, determined as hereinafter provided, in effect at the time of the conversion (the
“Conversion Rate"), The Issuance Price for each of the Series 4 Preferred, Series 3 Preferred. Series
2 Preferred and Series | Preferred shall be $1.05 per share. The Conversion Price for each of the
Series 4 Preferred, Series 3 Preferred, Series 2 Preferred and Series | Preferred shall initially be its
Issuance Price. Such initial Conversion Prices for the Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment
as hereinafter provided.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate (i) (1) in the case of
the Series 3 Preferred. Series 2 Preferred and Series | Preferred, on the date specified by written
consent or agreement of the holders of the Series 3 Preferred. Series 2 Preferred and Series |
Preferred whose shares of Series 3 Preferred, Series 2 Preferred and Series | Preferred, when
mulliplied by their respective Issuance Prices (subject to adjustment for an applicable stock splits,
reverse stock splits or similar recapitalizations), exceeds fifty percent (50%) of the product obtained
by multiplying (A) the total number of outstanding shares of Series 3 Preferred, Series 2 Preferred
and Series | Preferred by (B) their respective Issuance Prices (subject to adjustment for any

-6-
applicabie stock splits. reverse stock splits or sintular recapitalizations) and, (2) i the case of the
Series 4 Preferred. on the date specified by written consent of agreement of holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Series 4 Preferred voting together as a class. or

i) immediately prior to the closing ofa firm commitment underwritten public offering by the
corporation pursuant to an effective registration statement “nder the Securities Act of 1933. as
amended, that is underwritten by a nationally recognized investment bank, results in the listing of the
corporation's Common Stock on a major U.S. steck exchange or the Nasdag National Market, and
results in the issuance by the corporation as part of such offering of shares of Common Stock ata
price per share that is not less than three (3) times the Issuance Price of the Series 4 Preferred
(subject to adjustment for any applicable stock splits, reverse stock splits or similar recapitalizations)
und agyres > proceeds to the corporation (prior to underwriter commissions and discounts) in
excess of $25,000,000 (a "Qualifying Public Offering"). In the event of such automatic conversion.
the holders of Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Prefer ed Stock until
immediately prior to the closing of the Qualifying Public Offering.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock and to receive certificates therefor,
such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the. -
corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same: provided, however, that in the
event ofan automatic conversion pursuant to Section 4(b), the ‘outstanding shares of Preferred Stock °
shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and
whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the corporation or its
transfer agent, and provided further that the corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless the
cerufieates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to the corporation or its
transfer agent as provided above, or the halder notifies the corporation or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
corporation to indemnify the corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. The corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or such agreement and
indemnification in the case of a lost certificate, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of
Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash
amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date
of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, or in the case of automatic
conversion on the date of closing of the offering and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(d) Fractional Shares. In lieu of any fractienal shares to which the holder of
Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled, the corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the then fair market value of one share of the corporation's Common Stock. Whether
or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shal! be determined on the basis of the
total number of shares of Preferred Stock of cach holder at the time converting into Common Stock
and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

-7-
(e) Adjusiment ol Conversion Price. The Conversion Prices of the Series 4
Proterred, Series 3 Preferred, series 2 Preferred and Series | Preferred shall be subject to adjustment
trom time to time as follows:

(4) If the corporation shall issue (or, pursuant to Section 4(eaii (iC)
hereol, shall be deemed to have tssued) anv Common Stock other than "Lycluded Stock" (as defined
below) fora consideration per share less than the Conversion Price of the Series 3 Preferred or the
Conversion Price of the Series 4 Preferred. as the case may be, in effect immediately prior to the
issuance of such Common Stock (excluding stock dividends, subdivisions, stock splits,
combinitions, dividends or recapitalizations which are covered by Sections 4(e)(v) and (vi)). the
Conversion Price for the Series 3 Preferred and/or the Conversion Price of the Series 4 Preferred. in
effect immediately after each such issuance shall forthwith (except as otherwise expressly provided
mv this Section 4(¢)) be adjusted by lowering such Conversion Price to the amount determined by ©
dividing the aggregate consideration received by the corporation for the issuance or deemed issuance
of such Common Stock by the number of shares cf Common Stock issued or deemed issued by the
corporation in the applicable transaction.

(ii) If the corporation shall issue (or, pursuant to Section 4(e)(i1i)(C)
chereod. sha!l he deemed to have issued) any Common Stock other than Excluded Stock fora
-gonsideration per share less than the Conversion Price of the Series 2 Preferred, or the Conversion -
Price of the Series | Preferred, as the case may be, in effect immediately prior to the issuance of | ~

such Common Stock (excluding stock dividends, subdivisions, stock splits, combinations. dividends
or recapitalizations which are covered by Sections 4(e)(v) and (vi)). the Conversion Price for the
Series 2 Preferred and/or the Conversion Price for the Series | Preferred, in effect immediately after
wach such issuance shall forthwith (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 4(¢)) be
adjusted by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (including any shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of outstandin’ Preferred Stock, or issuable upon exercise (and, if applicable,
conversion) of outstanding optiers, warranis or other convertible securities or deemed to have been
issued pursuant to clause 4{e)(i1i)(C)) immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of shares
or Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the corporation for such issuance
would purchase at such Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of outstanding Preferred Stock. or issuable upon exercise of outstanding options,
warrants or other convertible securities or deemed to have been issued pursuant to

clause 4(c) iC) immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock
Issued in the transaction that resulted in the adjustment pursuant to this Section 4(e\(il).

(iii) For the purposes of any adjustment of the Series 4 Conversion Price.
Series 3 Conversion Price, Series 2 Conversion Price and Series | Conversion Price pursuant to
clauses (1) and (ii), the following provisions shall be applicable:

(A) — In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the
consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor after deducting any discounts
or commissions paid or incurred by the corporation in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.
(1B) In the case of the issuance of Comnion Stock fora
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed
to be the fair value thereof as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors of the corporation in
wood Taith: provided. however. that if atthe Gime of such determination, the corporation's Common
Stock ts traded in the over-the-counter marke! or ona national or regional securities exchange. such
(air market value as determined by the Board of Directors of the corporation shall not exceed the
ageregate "Current Market Price" (as defined below) of the shares of Common Stock being issued.

(C) — Inthe case of the issuance of (1) options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for Common Stock, (ii) securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, or (ii) options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or
exchangeable securities:

(1) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and fora
consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in clauses 4(e)(111)(A)
and 4(e)(1iB) above), ifany, received by the corporation upon the issuance of such options or
rights plus the minimum purchase price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock
covered thereby: ,

(2) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or exchangeable
securities. or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or
evchanzeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof, shall be deemed to have
been issued at the ime such securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and for a
consideration equal to the consideration received by the corporation for any such securities and
rehuted options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued it-terest or accrued
dividends), plus the additional minimum consideration, if any. to be received by the corporation
upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related options or rights
(the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in clauses 4(e)(ii)(A) and
4(e U1 B) above);

(3) on any change in the number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise of any such options or rights or conversion of or exchange for such
convertible or exchangeable securities, or on any change in the minimum purchase price of such
options, rights or securities, other than a change resulting from the antidilution provisions of such
options, rights or securities, the Series 2 Conversion Price and Series | Conversion Price shall
forthwith be readjusted to such Series 2 Conversion Price and Series | Conversion Price as would
have been obtained had the adjustment made upon (x) the issuance of such options, rights or
securities not exercised, converted or exchanged prior to such change or (y) the options or rights
related to such securities not converted or exchanged prior to such change, as the case may be, been
made upon the basis of such change; and

. (4) on the expiation of any such options or rights, the
femmieon of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights

-9.
vehated lo such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Series 2 Conversion Price and Series |
Conversion Price shall forthwith be readjusted te such Series 2 Conversion Price and Series |
Conversion Price as would have been obtained had the adjustment made upon the tssuanee Gr such
options, rights, convertible or exchangeable securities or options or rights relate to such convertible
or exchangeable securities, as the case may be, been made upon the basis of the issuance of only the
number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon
the conversion or exchange of such convertible or exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of
the options or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, as the case may be.

(iv) "Exeluded Stock" shall mean:

(A) — all shares of Common Stock or options to purchase Common
Stock Cand Common Stock issued on exercise thereof), issued and outstanding on the date this
certificate is fled with the Secretary of State of the State of California:

. (B) all shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred
Stock are convertible:

(C) (1) all shares of Common Stock or options to purchase
Common Stock issued to employees, directors, consultants or other service providers pursuant to a
stock grant, stock option plan, stock purchase plan or other stock incentive agreement (collectively,
the "Plans") approved by the Board of Directors, but not exceeding 2,500,000 shares of Common
Stock (net of repurchases of such shares by the corporation approved by the Board of Directors and
net of shares which become available for issuance as the result of the lapse without exercise of stock
options and subject to adjustment for any applicable stock splits, reverse stock splits or similar
recapitalizations), and (2) all shares of Common Stock or options to purchase Common Stock or
other securities issued to employees, officers or directors of the corporation primarily for
compensatory purposes pursuant to any plan or arrangement approved unanimously by the entire
Board of Directors;

(D) securities issued in connection with a bona fide business
acquisition of the corporation;

(E) securities issued or issuable pursuant to equipment lease
financings or bank credit arrangements entered into for primarily non-equity financing purposes,

(F) — securities issued in connection with a bona fide strategic
partnering arrangement or technology acquisition unanimously approved by the entire Board of
Directors;

(G) | Common Stock issued pursuant to a stock split, combination,
dividend distribution or subdivision:

(H) — warrants to purchase Series 4 Preferred issued in connection
with the sale of the Series 4 Prererred: or

-10-
(1) Securities Issued by the corporation which are expressly
deemed porto their issuance to be Excluded Stock by either (1) the tnanimous determination of the
Howndol Direcwars oF hs orporation or (2) holders of at least 66 2/3°% of the outstanding Series |
Preferred. Series 2 Preferred. Series 3 Preferred and Series 4 Preferred (calculated on an as-
converted to Common Steck basis).

All outstanding shares of Excluded Stock (including shares issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Steck) shall be deemed to be outstanding for all purposes of the computations of
Seetion 4(T) above.

(v) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time
after the date hereof is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or by a
subdivision or split-up of shares of Common Stock, then, on the date such payment is made or such
change ts effective, the Conversion Price of Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares.

(vi) Ifthe number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time -
alier ihe date hereof is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
then. on the effective date of such combination, the Conversion Price of Preferred Stock shall be .
appropriately incveased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of
any shares of Preferred Stock shall be decreased in propartion to such decrease in outstanding
shares.

(f) Stock Dividends and Distributions. In case the corporation shall declare a
cash dividend upon its Common Stock payable otherwise than out of retained earnings or shall
distribute to holders of its Common Stock shares of its capital stock (other than Common Stock),
stock or other securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the corporation or
other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights (excluding options to purchase
and rights to subscribe for Common Stock or other securities of the corporation convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock), then, in each such case, the holders of shares of Preferred Stock
shall, concurrently with the distribution to holders of Common Stock, receive a like distribution
based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock is then
convertible.

(g) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. In case, at any
lime after the date hereof, of any capital reorganization, or any reclassification of the stock of the
corporation (other than as a result ofa stock dividend or subdivision, split-up or combination of
shares otherwise specifically provided for in another section), or the consolidation or merger of the
corporation with or into another person (other than a consolidation or merger in which the
corporation is the continuing entity and which does not result in any change in the Common Stock or
a consolidation or merger where Section 2 applies), the shares of Preferred Stock shall, after such
reorganiaation, reclassification, consolidation. merger, sale or other disposition, be convertible into
the kind and number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the corporation or otherwise
we Which such holder would have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale or other disposition such holder had converted its shares

-{-
of Preferred Stock into Common Stock. The provisions of this subsection (g) shall similarly apply to
successive reorganizations, reclassifications, consolidations, mergers, sales or other dispositions.

(h) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made to the
Nearest cent or to the nearest one hundredth (1/100) of a share. as the case may be.

(i) Current Market Price. For the purpose of any computation pursuant to this
Section dle), the "Current Market Price" at any date of one share of Common Stock, shall be
deemed to be the average of the highest reported bid and the lowest reported offer prices or the last
reported sale price on the preceding business day as furnished by the National Quotation Bureau,
Incorporated (or equivalent recognized source ci quotations); provided, however, that if the
Connon Stock is not traded in such manner that the quotations referred to in this subsection (1) are
available for the period required hereunder, Current Market Price shall be determined in good faith
hy the Board of Directors of the corporation, but if challenged by the holders of more than fifty
percent (50%) of the outstanding Preferred Stock (voting as a single class and on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis), then as determined hy a nationally recognized independent appraiser selected
bv the Board of Directors of the corporatica, the cost of such appraisal to be split between the
corporation and the challenging parties; provided that if the appraiser determines the value to be
closer to that ‘claimed by the holders than that claimed by the corporation, the corporation shall pay
the full cost of such appraisal without any contribution by the challenging parties.

4) Minimal Adjustments. No adjustment in the Conversion Price for ary series
of Preferred Stock need be made if such adjustment would result in a change in the Conversion Price
of less than $0.01. Any adjustment of less than $0.01 that is not made shall be carried forward and
shall be made at the time of, and together with, any subsequent adjustment which, on a cumulative
basis. amounts to an adjustment of $0.01 or more in the Conversion Price.

(k) | No Impairment. The corporation will not through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action. avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
to be observed or performed hereunder by the curporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in
the carrying out of all the provisions of this Article [V and in the taking of all such action as may be
hecessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock
against impairment. This provision shall not restrict the corporation's right to amend its Articles of
Incorporation with the requisite shareholder consent.

(1) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or

readjustment of the Conversion Rate for Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the corporation
at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The corporation shall, upon written request at any time of any holder of
Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be fumished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) all
such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Rate at the time in effect, and (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of such holder's shares of Preferred Stock.

-}2-
(m) = Notices of Record Date and Proposed Liquidation Distribution. In the event
of any tiking by the corporation of a record uf the holders of any class of securities for the purpose
of determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash
dividend) or other distribution, the corporation shall deliver to each holder of Preferred Stock at least
thirty (30) days prior to such record date, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to
be iaken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution, and the amount and character of such
dividend or distribution. In the event of a liquidation distribution pursuant to Section 2 hereof, the
corporation shall mail to each helder of Preferred Stock at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of
such distribution a notice (i) specif; ing (A) the anticipated aggregate proceeds available for
distribution to holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock. (B) the amount expected to be
distributed pursuant to Section 2 in respect of each share of each outstanding series of Preferred

“Stock and each share of Common Stock and (C) the amount expected to be distributed pursuant to
Section 2 in respect of each share of Preferred Stock if the holder of each such share of Preferred

~ Stock converted such share of Preferred Stock into Common Stock immediately prior to the

liquidation distribution and (ii) stating that in connection with such liquidation distribution the

holders of shares of each series of Preferred Stock may prior to’ such liquidation distribution convert

their shares of such series of Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the applicable Conversion Rate.

(n) | Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of ihis Section 4 to be givento

the holders Of shares ‘of the Preferred Stock shall be deemed given the earlier of (i) when received,
tii) when delivered personally, (iii) one (1) business day after being delivered by facsimile (with
receipt of appropriate confirmation), (iv) one (1) business day after being deposited with an
overnight courier service or (v) five (5) days after being deposited in the U.S. mail. First Class with
postage prepaid, and addressed tu each holder of record at such holder's address appearing on the
corporation's books.

(o) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock such number of tis shares
of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock: and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, the corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel,
be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of
shares as shall be sufficient for such purpuse.

(p) Reissuance of Converted Shares. No shares of Preferred Stock that have veen
converted into Common Stock after the original issuance thereof shall ever again be reissued. and all

such shares so converted shall upon such conversion ceuse to be a part of the authorized shares of the
corporation.

S. Protective Provisions.
(i) Approval of Preferred Stock. In addition to any other rights provided by law,

lor sv long as at least an aggregate of 300,000 shares of Series 4 Preferred, Series 3 Preferred. Series
2 Preierred and Series | Preferred shall be outstanding (subject to adjustment for any applicable
Stock splits. reverse stock splits or similar recapitahlizations ), this corporation shall not, without first
obtaining the afGrmative vote or written consent of the holders ofa majovity of the outstanding
shares of the Series 4 Preferred, Series 3 Preferred, Series 2 Preferred and Series | Preferred, voting
together as asingle class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, take or adept any of the
following:

(i) agree to, or consummate, a merger, sale or consolidation of the
corporation or any subsidiary; or effect, approve or authorize any Change of Control, or any
recapitalization or reorganization of the corporation or any subsidiary;

(ii) make any amendment, addition, repeal or waiver of provisions of the
corporation's Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or the articles of incorporation or bylaws of any
subsidiary of the corporation or any partnership agreement, operating agreement, certificate of
formation or other governing document of any subsidiary of the corporation;

(iii) subdivide, reclassify or effect any other similar change in, any class or
series of capital stock;

(iv) adversely alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges-of any
series of Preferred Stock in a manner that is different than any other series of Preferred Stock: or

(v) create (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of
shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with any series of Preferred
Stock.

(b) Approval of Board of Directors or Preferred Stock. In addition to any other
rights provided by law, for so long as at an aggregate of 300,000 shares of Series 4 Preferred, Series
3 Preferred, Series Z Preferred and Series | Preferred shall be outstanding (subject to adjustment for
any appricable stock splits, reverse stock splits or similar recapitalizations), this corporation shall
not. without first obtaining either the authorization of the Board of Directors or the affirmative vote
or Written consent of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a single
class onan as-converted to Com..:on Stock basis, take or adopt any of the following:

(i) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any bonds, notes
or other obligations, other than customary working capital lines and capitalized leases entered into in
the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount not in excess of $1,000,000:

(ii) pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution upon, or redeem
or repurchase, any shares of capital stock, other than repurchases of unvested stock from option
holders at cost:

(iii) | approve any operating or capital budget, or make any capital
expenditures not in the approved capital budget above $100,000 in the aggregate;

(iv) enter into any financial transaction with, or for the benefit of: (A) any

stockholder, director. officer or employe? of the corporation or of any affiliate of the corporation or
(B) any stockholder, director, officer or employec of such affiliate of the corporation;

-14.
(v) materially alter or change the business of the corporation or any
subsidiary of the corporation, er enter into any new material line of business or permit any
subsidiary of the corporation to enter into any new material line of business:

(vi) issue options to any directors or executive officers, increase the
number of shares reserved for issuance to employees, consultants or directors beyond the number
authorized in the corporation's stock option plans in effect on the date that the first share of Series 4
Preterred is issued; or adopt or alter any equity or other incentive or bonus plan for directors or
offieers:

(vii) — elect or hire any officers;
(viii) change auditors or effect a material change in accounting practices:

(ix) | purchase any capital stock or other interest in, or any material portion
of the assets of. any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity or
person:

(x) sell, license or otherwise transfer (A) any of its material intellectual
property other than.in the ordinary course of business, consistent with'past practice or (B)-any ~
materis! ssets ofthe corporation or any subsidiary other than in the course of business consistent
with pst practice:

. (xi) agree to, or consummate, an initial public offering of shares of the
corporation, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (or any-similar laws of any other country),
cr any other transaction in which the corporation becomes a reporting corporation under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any similar jaws of any other country); or

(xii) | change the size of the corporation's Board of Directors or the Board of
Directors of any subsidiary.

6. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the corporation not
expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested with the Common Stock.

7. Redemption. The Common Stock and the Preferred Stock are not redeemable except
ay provided for in Section 8.
8. Approval of Certain Repurchases of Common Stock. Each holder of an outstanding

share of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of
the California General Corporation Law, to distributions made by the corporation in connection with
any repurchases of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by officers, directors, employees or
consultants upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for
the right of repurchase between the corporation and such persons. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in these Articles of Incorporation, no consent or approval by the holders of the Preferred
Stock shall be required for any repurchase described in this Section 8.

-15-
V

I. Limitation of Directors’ Liability. The liability of the directors of this corporation for
Monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

4

2. Indemnification of Corporate Agents. This corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through

Bylaw provisions, agreements with agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or
otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California
Corporations Code. subject only to the applicable limits on indemnification set forth in Section 204
of the Califormia Corporations Code with respect to actions for breach of duty to the corporation or
its shareholders. ”

3. - Repeal or Modification. Any repeal or modification of this Article V, or the adoption
of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article V. shall only be
prospective and shall rot adversely affect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the

tleged occurrence of any action or omission to act giving rise to indemnification.

* * *

C. The Board of Directors has duly approved the foregoing Amended and Restated
Arueles of Incorporation, . ‘

D. The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the required vote of the shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the
California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect
to the amendment and restatement is 283.997 shares of Common Stock, 1.354.241 shares of Series |
Preferred, 1,154,102 shares of Series 2 Preferred, and 7,553,473 shares of Series 3 Preferred. The
number of shares voting in favor of the amendment and restatement equaled or exceeded the vote
required. The percentage vote required was (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, (11) a maicrity of the outstanding shares of Series | Preferred Stock, (iii) a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series 2 Preferred Stock, and (iv) a majority of the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock voting together as a single class.

{Signatures on Next Following Page|

-16-
‘Best Copy Available

line andersiuned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws ot the State ef
foabtormig thatine matters set forth in Se loregeing articles are true and correst te Wisin awn

,
nUOW ledge

bageutee on November UL. Duo. !
‘ a

{

“

al i '
a ‘ “| t
— C —™ ad,
i oo —“~

Ce eee Os ee ree page a ee

Anthony Gioeli, Rresident

