Penne °$03) 988 2200
ae “$F

Secretary of Siste
pwr Ovaon

344 ” series 3! ME ftp 19°
sewmre 34809319 5907
Bare od - 9 IIR COM

1e-4)8° Restated Artcies of Inc

Crech the spproprite bes below:

[7] suonrsyoncsegaoua,
Lewperewy' 32457

TT eerences? cosPcaa tion

CONPORA “4%

FILED

‘Compeemys GPa

Resta Mweee

ber ieeen “TS

Severe at Cage Rerang Aatute 19s 45% 157 $90 te rleemenon of Mrs eyykcalion + pubs teresd

~ oe Mal, comet a) ord 4 wt

DEC 22 2006

OREGON
SECRETARY OF STATE

website For office uve

Prnete ype ur Part Legtes - Bleek he Amacr Agséone Shee | Necesery

+ Mawe of Cosrcaston Price to Awsacecat Alicnsa, Inc
2 New Mawes ce tue Consonation 4 changes

D1 A Coer 08 tng Mag 0100 Awicres Mus! Be Attaceo

ByvessyPeortss0na, Comromaron Ons
@ Coqca mg Apomose.ate $1019 9M?

Mm Tae -eghered elcnes cos ger errecsdrrarts efnch 09 ACI feGury
trhpeh~y spree The dete of ihe ad: 780 of the
anareirseres at) re qte'ed eftclee wat

ere sree ety were Guy adcpie by Se bte'd of Brecions

14) the -matenee aires Cotten amendment aMeh ‘equte
thavemripe secre the dale of Be etcgion of te
prvepmerts a) -wsleted eiciet #35

the ote Pe Pare redery wat ay URO@O
Sena ware wew-: =e ree 3
mea ree we eet Ca ee kod 0080 Lr
ren ey tS tod +" ! 8G we”
, a ae oe —
vomfhun = 5,732 94/5730 696 -0-

pye nemo £48
preter geil, - brag 9 AS hag taeeat 3,35
“harerouner atc |r Ay! (eQuted 2 ade! ihe 'etisiod
whet "8 @ mupisted atte welt acc ted by Re
FLOOECT HT. 2 ot b, Ce bead ol grec ton

5: Eatiuton
“egn atte

cs Mere

' Com ac: Mam °: -s2059 qestons of 3:4 fay -

‘S@ Maes ia

Dartass Pacer W08t © «in wise area cote)

. Mowenor's Conponarion Ow.y
1s) Coren tt Approomare STATEMENT

Co -he restates erties conta amendments ahah 39 nt -eques
nembansup seecosst The date 0f ie adopton of fe amoramor’s
i a6 restated aracies was These

AMONOMENS were Guy 80 2040) by Ihe DOs o Srecters

1. ‘he reviared articles conten’ amendmonts whch “pause
Mamnvetenp aprsoral Ihe date of he adopton of Me

t amendments and (csisied ates was
"he vote of the memdes was 23 fotuws
- ae an
i awe | “Or¥ erry | Nowy wroe 7
we ~ertee emia ormerags oe we oP ta t
~ wan a ; roe » SANGT
A tw
i ,

Chet Financial Officer

Ope! meng | 0 ~
ivimeer wh owe OH
Onn sears tees we -O~ et vie

Pert, Om) Ser te,aceD
Cosas Oeaon”

wot

"ort Se. Ww fet et sie w
Viwe_ot “°@ tet ete od
Cre tre WTS Lt + et
rf erm ee fy
weer

thon—Business/ProfessionatNonprofit

120 af [ct
EXECUTION COPY

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED FILED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF DEC 22 2006
ATTENSA, INC. OREGON
SECRETARY OF STATE

Pursuant to the provisions of the Oregon Business Corporation Act. these Phird Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation (these “Articles”) supersede heretofore existing articles of
incorporation for the corporation and all amendments thereto.

ARTICLE 1. NAME
The name of the corporation is Attensa. Inc. (the “corporation’).
ARTICLE 2. SHARES

2.1 Authorized Capital. ‘The corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock
to be designated. respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock”. The total number of
shares of stock which the corporation shall have authority to issue shall consist of 55,000,000
shares of Common Stock and 34,383,033 shares of Preferred Stock.

2.2 Common Stock. Subject to any preferential or other nehts eranted to any series
of Preferred Stock. the holders of shares of the Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends out of funds of the corporation legally available therefor, at the rate and at the time or
times as mas be provided by the Board of Directors. The holders of snares of Common Stock. on
the basis of one vote per share, shall have the right to vote for the elecuion of members ef the
Board of Directors of the corporation and shall have the right to vate on all other matters, except
where a separate class or series of the corporation's shareholders have tne right to vote by class or
series or as otherwise provided in these Articles.

2.3 Preferred Stuck. Shares of Prov cited Stock may be issued from tine to time in
one ur more series. Shares of Preferred Stock which may be redeemed. purchased or acquired bv
the Corporation may be reissued except as otherwis provided by taw or us otherwise provided
herein,

Of the Preferred Stock. there shall be 27.098.438 shares desionated as “Series B Preferred —
Stock” and 7.284.598 shares desipnated us “Serics A Proterred Stock.” The rights. preferences.
privileges and restricuons granted to and imposed “nen the Series 8B Preferred Stock dhe
“Scries B Stock”) and the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series AW Stock bare set forth below.

Pegth 2 -BS 49497 Ere kM gees

2.3.1 Dividends

(a) Dividends. The holders of shares of the Series B Stock shall be

entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends, out. fany assets of the corporation lexalls

. available therefor. prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of ans dividend
onuny other series or class of stock of the corporation during any fiscal year, at the rate of
$0.0428 per annum per share of the Series B Steck then outstanding, payable Hf) when and
as declared by the corporation's Board of Directors and. to the extent then accrued and
unpind, upon a Liquidation or a Redemption (as detined below). Dividends payable to
the holders of the Series B Stock under this Section 2.3.) shall be subject to equitable
adjustment whenever there shall occur a stock split, stock dividend. combination.
recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event involving a change in the Series B
Stock

After payment of all such dividends that have accrued to the holders of the
Series 3 Stock for any fiscal year, the corporation may in the same Nscal vear declare or
peg we eeeeucau ons the Series A Stock or the Cammon Stock: provided that in the case of a
dividend on the Series A Stock the corporation shall simultancously declare and pay a
dividend on cach outstanding share of Series 3 Stock that ts equal to the dividend to be
declared or paid on each share of Series A Stock. divided by the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such share of Series A Stock is convertible, times thy number
of shares of Common Stock into which each such sire of Series B Stock is then
convertible: and, provided, further. that in the case of a dividend on the Commen Stock
the corporation shall simultaneously declare and pay a dividend on each outstanding share
of Series A Stock and Series B Stock that is equal to the dividend to be declared or paid
eneach share of Commen Stock times the number of shares of Common Steck into
which each such share of Series A Stock or Series 3 Stock is then converuble
(hy) Distributions to Sharchelders. “Vhe Board of Dirgetors’ right to
authorize and make distribuiions to is sharcholders is subject to the restrcttons set forth
im these Articles and the restrictions set torth in ORS 60.181 and such other applicable
Jegal restrictions as are or may hereafter become effective.

{c) Distributions Other than Cash. Whenever a distribution provided -
for in Scetien 2.3.1 shall be payable in property other than cash. the value of such
distribution shall be the fair marketvalue of such property. as determined in good faith by -
the Board of Directors of the corporation.

2.3.2 Liquidation. Upon the voluntarns or inveduntan dissolunon. diquidation or
winkeng up of the corporation (a “Liquidation”). the assets ef the corporation available for
distribution te ity shareholders shall be disiributed in the following order and amounts:

(a) The holders of snares af Sones BB Stock shail be entitled te receive an
amount equal to $U.5254 (the “Series B Original Issue Price’ (appropriately adpusied for any
stoch dividend. split, combination or similar reorganization of the Series B Stock) for cach
outstanding share of Series B Stock held by them. plus an ameunt equal te any dividends

Pearpntl Pswg gry soley te nner?

declared but not paid on cach such share. If such assets available for distribution shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to the holders of Serics 8B Stock of the preferential amounts to
which they may be entitled under this Section 2.3.2(a), then, the entire assets of the corporation
legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of shares of
Series B Stock based upon the number of shares of such stock held by each of such hoiders.

(b) Upon the completion of the distributions required by Section 2.3.2(a)
above, the halders of shares of Series A Stock shall be entitled to receive an amount equal tu
$0.383 (the "Series A Original Issue Price") (appropriately adjusted for anv stock dividend.
split, combination or similar reorganization of the Series A Stock), for each outstanding share of
Series A Stock held by them, plus an amount equal to any dividends declared but not paid on
each such share. Ifsuch assets available tor distribution shall be insufficient io permit the
payment to the holders of Series A Stock of the preferential amounts to which they may be
entitled under this Section 2.3.2(b). then, the entire assets of the corporation legally available for
distribution (after the distribution described in Section 2.3.2(a) above has been completed) shall
be distributed ratably among the holders of shares of Series A Stock based upon the number of
shares of such stock held by each of such holders.

(c) Upon completion of the distributions required by Sections 2.3.2(a) and (b)
above. the remaining assets of the corporation available Jor distribution to shareholders shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of Series B Stock. the Series A Stock and Cemmon Stock
based on the number of shares of Commen Stock held by each (assuming full conversion of all
Series B Stock and Series A Stock at the Series B Conversion Rate and the Series A Conversion
Rate. respectively, (cach as determined under Section 2 3.4(5)) then in effect).

(d) Unless otherwise agreed by holders of more than 50 percent ef the then
outstanding shares of Series B Stock, voting together as a single class. a consolidation or merger
of the corparation, or any subsidiary of the corporation. with or into another corporation or othe:
entity or person (excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the state
of incorporation of the corporation), or any other corporate reorganization or other transacuion or
series of related transactions by the corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation. in any such
case. in which the shareholders ot the corporation immediately prior to such transaction or series
of related transactions shall own securities representing less than a majority of the voting power
ofthe surviving corporation immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions,
ora sale, convesance or disposition of all or substanially all of the assets of the corporation. or
any subsidiary of the Corporation whether on a conselidated basis or otherwise. or the license or
sublicense (in each casy on an exclusive basis). sale. convesance or other dispesition of all er
substantially ali of the corporation’s intellectual property. or any subsidiary of the Corporation’s
intellectual property. shall be deemed to be a Liquidation within the meaning of this
Section 2.3.2.

2.3.3 Voting Power
(a) General Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein or as

required by law, cach holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote with respect to any
enestion upon which holders ef Common Stock have the right to vote and shail be entitled to that

+

Po rtind2 A SMV dd” 3 GO. CONG.)

number of votes cqual to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder's shares
of Preferred Stock could be converted under these Articles (with any fractional share determined
on an ageregate conversion basis being rounded to the nearest whole share. with one-half being
rounded upward) at the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote on such
matter or, if no such record date is established, at the date on which notice of the mecting of
sharcholders at which the vote is to be taken is mailed, or the date any written consent of
shareholders is solicited if the vole Is not to be taken at a meeting, and, with respect to such
voles, Shall have full voling rights and powers equal to the veting rights and powers of the
holders of Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise capressly
provided by the Oregon Business Corporation Act, the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shail
vote on all matters on an as-converted basis with the holders of the Common Stock and not as 2
separate class.

(b) Election of Directors. The members of the Board of Directors of the
corporation shall be clected at each annual (or special) election of directors as follows: (i) the
holders of outstanding Series B Stock shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board of
Directors of the corporation (he “Series B Direciors”), (11) the holders of outstanding Series A
Stock shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Beard of Directors ef this corporation (the
“Series A Director”), (i) the holders of outstanding Common Stock shall be entitled to eleet one
(1) member af the Beard of Directors of the corporation (the "Common Director”) and (iv) the
holders of Series A Stuck. Series B Stock and Common Stock (voting together as 2 single clase:
shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board of Directors of the corporation (the
“Independent Director”).

In the case of any vacancy (other than a vacancy caused by remova)) in the office of a
director occurring amony the dircctors elected by the holders of a class or serics of stock pursuant
io this Section 2.3.3(b). the remaining directors so clected by that class or series may by
affirmative vote ofa majority thereof. elect a successor or successors to hold office for the
uneapired term of the director or directors whose place or places shall be vacant. Any director
who shall have been elected by the holders of a class or series of stock or by any directors so
elected as provided in the immediately preceding sentence hereof may be removed during the
aforesaid term of office. either with or without cause. by, and only by. the affirmative vote of the
holders of the shares of the class or series of stock entitled to elect such director or dies ius.
viven either ata special meeting of such shareholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to -
a written consent of shareholders.gnd any vacances therebs created may be Hlled by the holders
of that class or series of stock represented at the meeting or pursuant to unanimous written -
consent

(c) Series “and B Vote. The corporation shall not take any of the following
achons without first obtaining the consent (without the requirement af a shareholder vete unless
otherwise required by Taw) of (1) for so eng as any shareholder and its affiliates hold at least a
majority of the outstanding shares oF Series A Stock and Series B Stock. at least 68 percent of the
shares of Series A Stock and Series B Stock then outstanding. or (i). for so long as no
shareholder and its affiliates hold at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Stock

Porting? -1890447 3 D060030. CONES

and Series B Stock, al least 50 percent of the shares of Series A Stock and Serics B Stock then
outstanding:

(i) amend these Articles of Incorporation ©. the corporation’s bylaws:

(ii) authorize or issue shares of any new class or series of capital stock
having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with the rights. preferences and
privileges of shares ef Series B Stock;

(ili) effect any Liquidation described in Section 2.3.2(¢);

(iv) adopt or amend any stock option or stock incentive plan providing
for the issuance of shares of the corporation's capital stock to employees, directors, consultants.
service providers, advisers or olher persons, or grant warrants, or issue any capital stock or
securities exercisable or convertible into capital stock to such parties except for grants or
issuances made pursuant to the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan. as amended and restated as of
December 22. 2006 (the “Plan”);

(v) — change the authorized number of members constituting the Board
of Directors:

(vip declare or pay any dividends or otherwise make a distribution in
respect of anv shares of the corporation's capital stock:

(vil) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for
asinking fund for such purpose) any capital stock of the corporation: provided, however, thut this
resiricuion shall not apply to (A) repurchases of shares of capital stock from emplovees or other
bona fide providers of services to the corpuration thal are made pursuant to azreements approved
by the corporation’s Board of Directors providing fora right of repurchase by the corporation
upon termination of employment or the service relationship or (B) redemptions made pursuant to
Section 2.3.5 of these Articles:

(vill) enters into a transaction with any officer. director or sharcholder of
the corporation or any affiliate or fimily member of anv such person.

(ix) eff€ct any recapitalization or reclassification of any shares of the
corporanion’s outstanding capitat stock, -

(x) effect any acquisition of the cupita! stock of another entity which
results in the consolidation of that entity into the results of operations of the corporation or any
acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of another entity:

(1) create any indebtedness for borrowed money. ina single or related
series of transactions. in an amount in excess of $250,000: or

(XH) any achon that alters or changes (by merger or otherwise) the
nights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Stock or Series B Stock.

Portind2 4549447 SF obeGu eBODES

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Articles, the consent of at least a majority of
the then outstanding shares of Series A Stock (without the requirement of a shareholder vote
unless otherwise required by law), shall be required for any amendment to these Articles if the
amendment would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Stock
su as to affect the Series A Stock adversely; provided, however, that 1f such amendment would
alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Stock and one or more
other series of Preferred Steck co as to alfect all such series of Preferred Stock adversely. then
the holders of Series A Stock shall not have the right to vote as a separate class on such
amendment.

2.3.4 Conversion Rights
(a) General.

(i) Veluntary Conversion. Shares of the Series B Stock may, at the
option of the holder. be converted al any time into such number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of Common Stock 43 ave equal to the product obtained by multiplying the Series B
Conversion Rate (determined under Section 2.3.4(h)) hy the number of shares of Series B Stock
being converted. Shares of the Series A Stock may. at the option of the holder, be converted at
any Ume into such number ot fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as are equal
lo the preduct obtained by multiplying the Series A Conversion Rate (determined under
Section 2.3.4¢b)} by the aumber of shares of Scrics A Stock being converted.

(ji) Mandatery Conversion. Lach share of Scries B Stock and Series A
Stock hall be cenveried automatically (without any further action by the holders of such shares
and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the corporation or
is transfer agent for the Comunon Stock). into the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such Series B Stock and Series A Stock. as applicable, is convertible pursuant to
Section 2.3.4(a)). upon the carlicr of (A) the closing of a finn commitment underwritten. public
offering by the corporation of shares of Common Stock. registered under the Securities Act. the
publie offering price of which ts not less than three umes the Series B Original Issue Price per
share (adjusted to reflect subsequent stock dividends. stock splits or recupitalizauons) and in
which the aggrerate offering proceeds paid to the corporation ure at least $40.000.000 (before
deduction of underwriters’ discounts and commissions and expenses of the offering), or (B) in the
case of the Series A Stock. the conversion or approval of the conversion by the holders of at least
60 percent of the then outstanding Shares of Series A Stock. or (C) in the case of the Series 5
Stock, the conversion or approval of the conversion by the holders of at least a majority of the
then outstanding shares of Senes 13 Stock.

(b) Conversion Rate The conversion rate for Senes B Steck in effect at ams
hime (the “Series B Conversion Rate") shall equal $0 $354 divided by the Series B Conversion
Price. calculated as provided in Section 2.3.4(e) and the conversion rate for Series A Stock in
effect at any time (the “Series A Conversion Rate’) shall equal $0 383 divided by the Series A
Conversion Price, also as calculated as provided in Section 2.3 4te)

Pomad2 4399357 1 Gue0G30. NGO

(c) Conversion Price. The co: version price for the Scries B Stock in effect
trom time to ime, except as adjusted in accordance with Section 2.3.4(d), shall be $0.5354 (the
"Scries B Conversion Price”). The conversion price for the Series A Stock in effect from me
IO lime. except as adjusted in accordance with Section 2.3.4(d), shall be $0,383 (the “Series A
Conversion Price”)

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Prices.

(i) ~~ Extraordinary Common Stock Event. Upon the happening of an
Extraordinary Common Stock Event (as defined helow) (a) the Series B Conversion Price shall.
simultancously with the happening of such Extraordinary Common Stock Event, be adjusted by
multiplying the then effective Series 8 Conversion Price by a fraction. the numerator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock cutstinding immediately prior to such
Extraordinary Common Stock Event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately afler such Extraordinary Commun Stock Event
(including, ifapplicable, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to
Common Stock "Equivalents (as defined below)), and the product so obtained shall thereafter be
the Scries B Conversion Price. and (b) the Series A Conversion Price shall, simultaneously with
the happening of such Extraordinary Common Stock Event. be adjusted by multiplying the then
etlective Series A Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of
shares of Commen Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Extraordinary Common Stock
Event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such E:-xtraordinary Common Stock Event (including. if applicable. the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents), and the
preduct so obtained shall thereafter be the Serics A Conversion Price. The Series B Conversion
Price and the Series A Conversion Price, as so adjusted, shall be readjusted in the same manner
upon the happening of any successive Extraordinary Common Stock Event or Events.

“Extraordinary Common Stock Event” shali mean (x) the issuance of additional shares
of Common Stock. as a dividend or other distribution on outstanding Common Stock of the
corporation, or other securities or rights convertible inte. or entitling the holder thereof to receive
directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (“Common Stock Equivalents")
without the payment ofans consideration, (y) a sphter suodivision of outstanding shares of
Common Stock mto a greater number of shares of Common Stock. or (4) a combination of
eutscinding shares of Common Stock into a smatier number of shares of Common Stock.

— —_

(i) Sale of Shares Below Conversion Price

(A) ffthe corperation shall issue any Additional Stock (as
defined below) without consideration or tora consideration per share less than the Senes B
Conversion Price in efect immediately prior to the issuznee of such Additional Stock. the
Series B Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to issuance of such Additicnal Stock
(except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.3.440)4i)) shall be adjusted down to a price equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing the total computed under clause (8) below by the total
computed under clause (4) below. as follows:

Porting S 488937 30 Gtiad. gane 7

(x) an amount equal to the sum of (1) the result obtained by
muluplying the number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding immediately
prior ty such issuance (which shall include the actual number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding plus all shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exercise of
all outstanding convertible securities, warrants and options) by the Series B Conversion
Price then in effect, and (2) the aggregate consideration. if any. received by the
corporation upon the issuance of such Additional Stock:

(y) the number of shares of Commen Stock of the corporation
outstanding iminediately afr such issuance (including the shares deemed outsianding as
provided in clause (x) above).

(18) Ef the corporation shali issue any Additional Stock without
consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series A Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Series A Conversion Price in
eect snmediatels prior to issuance of such Additional Stock (except as otherwise provided in
this Section 2.3.4(d)(ii)) shall be adjusted down to a price equal to the quotient obtained by
dividiag the total computed under clause (x) below by the total computed under clause ¥) below,
as follaws:

is) an amount equal te the sum of (1) the result obtained by
muluiplying the number of shares of Common Stock deemed culstanding immediately
prior to such issuance (wlich shall include the actual number of shares of Comnion Stock
outstanding plus all shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exercise of
all outstanding convertible securities, warrants and options) by the Series A Conversion
Price then in effect, and (2) the aggregate consideration, if any. received by the
corpon.on upon the issuance of such Addifenal Stock:

(8) the number of shares of Common Stock of the corporation
outstanding immediately after such issuance Gineuding the shares deemed outstanding as
prov tded in chiuse (NV) abowen

(C) No adiustment of the Series B Conversion Price or the
Series VW Conversion Price shall be made in an amount less than one hundredth of one cent per -
share. provided. however, that anyadjustments which are not required to be made by reason of
this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be taken into account in any subsequent -
adjustment made to the Series B Conversion Price or Sevies A Conversion Price. as applicable.
I:acept to the hmited extent provided for in Sections 2.3 4(dygi CF 3) aad (4). no adjustment of
the Senes B Conversion Price er the Series A Conversion Price pursuant to this
Subsection 2 3 4(d)qi) shall have the effect of increasing the Series B Cons ersion Price abose
the Senes B Conversion Price of the Series A Conversion Price above the Series \ Conversion
Price. cack as ineftect ummediaichy prior to such adjustment

(1) In the cause of the issuanee of Common Stock for cash, te
consideration shall be deemed to be the amount ef cash paid therefor belore deducting any

Doettms > SS 05.97 8 Uli s OE MAS

discounts, commissions or other espenses wlowed, pad or incurred Py fhe corporaben top an
underwriting os otherwise in connection with the msuanse anid sale thetcef

sf Inthe cise ef the psstianece of Common Steck fons
considerabenon whole erin part other than cash, the consideranen ota: than cash shal be
deemed to be the Lar value thereof as determined in geed faith by the Board of Dircates ef the
COPPe ration. UITESpeehe ce of Ny SCCOUNTIDE (reaurent

‘i Tn tne Case etthe rescdnee of egpte cie ot wart ante be
purchuse or rights to subscribe tour Common Stock. scouritios by then terms conecie ste inte ot
exchargeable for Common Stock. of options or warrants to purchase ef aghts te subs rb) fet
such convertible or exchangeable sccuimes (whick opbons, warrant, nights. comvertuble of
exc npeable secunties are not evcluded from the definition of Addibenal Stock by
Section 2.3 didocin, the following provisions shal apals

tl) the averegate maumuin pumber ed shares of Commons
Stock deli crable upon exercise of such eppons of warrants to parelsase on ngbte te
subseribe for Common Stock shall be deemed to bave been issued at the time seh
options, warrants or rivhts were issued ler a consideration equal te the comedy atin
(determined inthe manner provided in Seebess 2 ToDo aad boas ce cf tn
recerved by the corporabon upen the since of such ophons, warninh or nes phe. the
minpam purchase price provided in such options, warrants of iphts forthe C.nmer
Steck covered thereby. bul no further adjustment te the Scenes Conversion Prive et the
Senes A Conversion Price sill be trade fer the actual sssgamee ef Common Stavk upon
theese of such options, warrants onaght. in accordance with their terms.

tly the aperecete anaeumuim numbers § shares of Common
Steck deaserible upen convenience onic hinge for any Sah comomnbhe ot
eschanveable securibes ef upon Eis sense oh plone Gf Wwarnants pit. msse of me vd
toanPsurbe for such cans ertible or exchoayeable sc cuisties ed suhac qQueal one etsn ag ot
exckanyve thereol shail be deemed to have been pesucd gt tie ting seach securities were
roued or such options. wartants or rusbts were issued fer a conmsdenstien equal te the
vonsideration recenved, any, bs the comeratien for ans such sccursties and selated
ephions, warrants or rights, plus the minigem addivenal comsdesasben. ib aos te be -
reewrved Ps the Corperation upon the canvcacnoresehanpe ot such scout cs ot the
exer fans related opttens, warrants or ngntand the subeoaaut. mason:
ovcbange of the securities pssucd upon lhe osc el such eptn as. wartat. en sghts
athe consideration in cach case te bye detess.cped inthe manne: pressidk dis
Seehons 2.3 40D and (hoe abowen butin tontner adrustment te the Series 15
Conversion Price or Senos A Conversion Prive saat he made fer the aotuasl resumes sf
Common Stock upon the conversion or eschare cf such secures en the ove et an.
such related options, warrents or nights on such sabsequent conv crspen on oxebange 19
accordance with their terms,

t*) isuch ephors. scram. aghts on ems cctibhy as

exchanreable securties by then toss pros dooverb the passin dts oc theeaaee, fer

er On? © Re ee ee Y

any change in the comuderation payable te the cerputaties sun the combat ef shares of
Common Stovk issuable upon the everces. convenient ot ovchange iheteet, onchading
wiaweol famtation. a change resullryg foes the anti-sdsluteer: pros perenne the tect the Sates
Htonvecven Prove and the Senes A Censcteon Price computes an the orginal se:
thetvel, and any sub sequcnt adjustments faced thereon. shall, apn sock ohungy
bevoming offective. be recomputed to eect euch chats. Pat te: Susther acosement +
the Senes 1 Converson Price or the Senos V Cons ctor Prive eball Bo made for the
avheal asumince of Cominon Stock uput the eserciac of ty ea h pine wascubde ot
ayhiecrt the conveteon ef cvchanie ob aa) ecCuUniee 1m acetic’ wih tho tonne.
amd

it) uPED the eV psration of ams sah opiens, warrants ot mg tete
the torminshon of any such rights te convert ot evchange es the cyprtatien of sae ogenors.
wartants or nights related fo such comvetbly of cvchangeable wourties, tie Somes 1S
Comerion Price and the Senes A Cometson Price shall forthwath We couedpeate d te thee
Senes 8 Conversion Price or the Sones A Cons erent Price. as applic ste, ae wnat iaaes
been chtained had the adjustment which was made upon the resuance of each optacte.
wartants, rights of securities oF optre ne warttants oF rhe meisted fer eu) oe. curse: Boe
mnady wpon the bases ef the psuance eo tos one Rambo: ef shares dC tima Sowa ure
comerpble oreschangeadie sccumbes whieh remain sp eles: ao taalls saqyac.t eps tes
everse of sich opiens, waranty nok sapien Ube converses met evedaage ol aah
wauntics onupon the exveniee of tse gts. wonanic combo telat ler eit ier tse.

tiny Additional Stock” shail -nvan ony Castes ed Canenen Sunk 4
wuuntce con giible inte er escitanpeable of cactosably for clues Canim. on St ve caer i ss
deciped te hase bos issued pursuant te Sesto 7 Uda eb dang be the cre 2 te on alten
Decemper 20. 2006 other than

OX shares et Commer Sa aun. tea tnt carte:
JOE vtetetaltsnars Caen Stak p vers puazenassit tue Soy teem 0 Gedaee

iB wp Ne Mee shots ot Cetin Sta stm
Poets. saris on edbe: Comm a Steak punsec ughts tar btss dasce on) pep &
Sookossucd pursugntte sucdepbers warrant. on ther aghte: remed be ote aces
Moors or directors foe Censultante oe vse bethe Qommeute sh care oaks Sap
pursuantto the Phin | <*

(Cy shares ch Ctemin Steas cosa ot esnatis up a
conversion el Preferred Stock.

ds upe 6 BN 0308 sy ape cits fee grescy Pee oh ete ot

Commer Stevkoot shares of Camino St aa iseubiy un nth:

grerw  b ag wire.
ssucd pPirstantte the Speak Pun tase Nprecicst atedd as t becomes UT) ans beta on

the COrpergtion amd aethan mivest os named (horcin, and

Mearigell SOTA Ve dete een 53)

airy te
a

(2) any shares of Common Stock and/or options.
wartants of other Common Stock purchase rights (and the shares of Common Stock
issucd pursuant to such options, warrants or other rights). so long as holders of at least $0
percent of the outstanding Series 1} Stock and Scrics A Stock, voting loge her as a single
class, agree in writing that such issuances shall not constitute “Additional Stock.”

(c) «= Capital Reorgunizution of Reclessificalion. If the Common Stock issuable
upon the conversion of the Series B Stock or the Series \ Stock shall be changed into the same
or dilferent number of shares of any class or classes of stock of the corporation, whether by
capitai reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than an Extraordinary Common Stock
Event provided for in Section 2.3.4(d){i)), then and in euch such event the holders of each share:
of Series B Stock or the Scries A Stuck, as the case may be. shall have the right thercafier to
convert such shares into the kind und amount of shares of stock and other securities and propery
receivable upon such reorganization, reclassification or other change by holders of the number of
shares of Common Stock into which such shase of Series 8 Stock or the Series A Stock. as
appligable. might have been converted immediatels prior to such reorganisation, reclassification
or change, all subject to adjustment us provided herein. In any such case, appropriate adjustment
shall be made in the application of the provisions cf this Section 2 3.4 with respect to the nghts
of the holders of thy Series B Stock and the Series A Stock afer the reorganization,
recapitalization or change to the end that the provisos of this Section 2.3.4 (incruding
adjustuent of the Series B Conversion Price and of the Series A Com ersian Price, as applicable
then in effect and the number of shures issuable upon conversion of the Series 8 stock of the
Series A Steck) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable

(1) Other Distnbutions. In the event the corporation shall. with respect to
outstanding Comtuon Stock of the corporation, declare a distribution payable in sccunties of
uther persans, evidences of indebtedness issued by the corporation or other persons, assets
(excluding cash dividends) or options or nghts not referred to in Seetion 2.3.4(d)0) of Gti. then
in vach case for the purpose of this Section 2 2 4cfy the hulders of the Series B Stock and Series
A Stock shall be entitled to 2 proportionate share ef any such distribution as though they were the
holders of the number of shares of Coummon Stok ofthe cerceration inte vehich their snares of
Series B Stock andor Series A Stock, as applicable, are convertible as of the record date fixed
for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the corpuratien entitled to recene such
distribution

° (y) Ceniticat@ts to Adjustments; Notice by the Corporation. in cach case of +
an adaas vient or readjustmeat of the Senes B Conversen Rate of the Scries A Conversion Kate.
the Corporation will prompus furnish cach holder of Senes 1 Stock or Series A Stock. as the case
mas bes witha certificat. prepared by the President or Chie! binaneia! Oicer of the corporation,
showing such adju ment or readjustment and stating in detail the facts upen wine h suc
adjustcent of readjustment ts Sased The corporation shall. upon: written request af any time
ofan holder of Series B Stock or Series A Stock, Tumish or cause to be furished te such holder
a like certificate setting forth (1) such adjustment and readjustment. (5 the Series 8 Conversion
Price of Series AC onsersion Pree. as apphieadle, at the time in effect. and (ii) the number of
shares OF Common Stock ang th: ameunt, fans. oFother property which at the time would be
reveive3 upon the co. version of «share of Series B Stock or Series A Stock. as appheadle.

Praagtts GT ae gee oa]
(hy Exercise of Cunversion Privilege Te exercise ils conversion pris lege
pursuant to Section 2.3.4(a)(i), cach holder of Series 13 Stock ur Series A Stock, as the case inay
be, shall surrender the certificate or certificates representing the shares being converted ty the
corporation al its principal office. and shall give written rolice to the comperation at that office
that such holder elects to convert such shares. Suck notice shall alse state the name or numes
(with address or uddresses) in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion shall be issucd. The certificate |” certificates for shares of
Series 1 Stock or Series A Stock surrendered for consersion: shall be accompanied by proper
assignment thercof to the corporation or in blank = fhe date when such writien notice is recesved
by the corporation, together with the certificate or certifica’es representing toe shares of Series 8
Stock or Series A Stock, as applicable, being converted. shall be the “Conversion Date ~ As
promptly as practicable after the Conversion Date. sho corporation shall issue and shall deliver to
the holder of the shares of Series B Stock and/or Sercs A Stock being converted, or on its
written order, such certificate or certificates as it may request for the number of whole shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of such shares of Series 8 Stock or Scries A Stax 5,
as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.3.4, and cash in the
amount of any declared and unpaid dividends on suk shares of Scries B Stock or Series A Stock,
us appheable. up to and including the Conversion Date Such cesversion shall be deemed te
have been effected immediately prior to the cluse of business on the Conversion Date and at ach
time the rights ef the holder of the converted shares of Series 6 Stock o7 Scnes A Stock shail
cease with respect to such shares and the person of persens in whose name or names any
cenificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
deemed to have become the holder or holders of secord of the shares of Common Stock
represented thereby, [the conversion is in connection with an undenwitien offering of secutibes
registered pursuant to the Securities Act. the conversion (and payment of any declared and
unpatd dividends) shall be conditioned upon the closing with the undenstiters of the sale of
shares Of Common Stock pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s; entitled to
receive the Comm: n Stock upon cons ersion of the Senes B Stock of Series A Stock. as
applicable, shall not be deemed tu have converted such securities until mniwedsateiy prior to the
closing of such sale of sccurities

&) No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon the
conversion of Series B Stock or Series A Stock. and the number of shares of Common Stock lo
be issued shall be rounded to the nearest whole share (wiih one-half being rounded upward).
determined on the basis of the tag) number of shares Gf Series B Stock or Serius A Stock, as
appheadle. the holder is at the ime converting into Commen Stock and the number of shares oF ~
Common Stock issuable upon such ageregate cons ersien

q) Partial Conversion Inthe event some. but not all, of the shares of
Series J3 Stock of Series A Stock. as applicable. represented by a certificate or certificates
surrendered by a holder are converted. the corporation sali execute and @eiiver te or on the ede
of the holder, at she expense of the corporabon, a new certificate represeniing the shares of
Sens B Steck or Series A Stock. as applicable. that were not consented

“hy Reservation of Commen Stock. che erp saben shall at ail Gimes reserve
and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Commen Stok. sdely lor the

Ported: Ions i7 2 wueoaso. ovens | 2
purpose of effecting tie conversion of the shares of the Series 8 Stock and Series A Stuck, such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series B Stock and Series A Stock, and, if at any time
the number of authonzed but unissucd shires of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect
the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series 3 Stock and Series A Stock. the
corporation shall take such corporate action as may be necessury to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares us shal) be sufficient for such
purpose, including. without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder
approval of any amendment to these Articles of Ineezporation.

(1) Ng Impairment. lhe corporation will not, by amendment of its anicles of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of ussets, consolidation, merger,
dissolution. issuc or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or scck to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the
corporation, but will at all times in good fuith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of
this Section 2.3.4 und in the taking of ull such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
10 protect the conversion rights of the holders of tne Series 15 Stock and Scries A Stock against
impuinnent

2.3.8. Redemption
(i) At any time alley November 30, 2010:

(i) if requested by the holders of not less than a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series B Stock (u "Series B Redemption Demand”), the corporation shall
redeem, from any funds legally available for such purpose, all. but not less than all, of
outstinding shares of Series B Stock specified by such holders The Company shall set 2 date to
fect the redemption that is no less than twenty (20) and no more than forty-five (45) days from
the Senes B Redemption Demand (cach a “Series B Redemption Date”).

(ii) if there has been a Scrics B Redemption Demand and if requested
by the holders of not less than fifty percent (50°) of the outstanding shares ef Series A Stock (a
“Series A Redemption Demand”). the corporation shall redeem, from any funds legally
availible for such purpose, the number of outstanding shares of Series A Stock specified by such =~
holders. The corporation shall be‘obligated to effect no more than one (1} redemption in any 12
month penod and three redemptios in total puzsuant to this Section 2 3.5(a}ii). The Company
shall set a date te effect the redemption that is no less than sixty (60) and no mere than ninety
(90) days from the Series A Redemption Demand (each a “Series A Redemption Date” and.
together with the Series § Redemption Date, the “Redemption Date”), but in no event shall Che
Senes A Redemption Oate be set on a date that is en or prior to the Series B Redemption Date.
‘The number of shares to be redeemed fron cach holder on cach Series A Redemptien Date shall
equal the product of the number of shares of Senes A Stock held by such holder times a fraction,
the numerator of which is the total number of shares of Series A Stock to be redeemed and Uy
denominator of which is the total number of shares of Series A Stock thal are outstanding.

Dette? aseasa 3 oonunit. ogee | 3

(b) Any redempticr pursuant so this Section 2.3.5 (cach. a “RK -demption”)
. shall he effected by the corporation by puying cash in an amount equal to $0.5354 per share of
Scrics 13 Stock and $0.383 per share of Scries A Stock being redeemed (+8 adjusted for any
dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares) plus all declared but unpaid
dividends on such shares (the “Redemption Price”). The Redemption Price shill be payable in
three equal annual installments beginning on th Redemption Date (each such date. beginning
with the Redempiion Date, being a “Payment Date”).

(c) At east ten (10° duys prior to cach Redemption Date, the corporation shall
mail a redemption notice (the “Redemption Notice”), first class postage prepaid, to esch holder
of record of Series B Stock and/or Scries A Stock, as the case may be. as of the close of business
two business days preceding the mailing date, at the address last shown on the records of the
corporation for such holder. The Redemption Notice shall specify the number of shares to be
redeemed from such holder, the Redemption Dete, the Redemption Price and the place at which
payment may be obtained, and shall call upon such holder to surrender to the corporation, #1 the
menner and at the place designated, the certificate or certificates representing the shares to be
redeemed. On or after the Redemption Mute. cach hulder of Series B Stock and/or Series A
Stock. us applicable. to be redcemed shall surrender to the corporation the certificate of
certificates representing suck shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption
Notice. Each surrendered certificate shall be caneciled, and the Redemption Price for such shares
shall then be puyable to the order of the pemon whose name appears on such certificate of
certificates as the owner thereof. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent a holder of Senes 2
Stock of Series A Stock from converting all or part of such holder's shares into Common Stockh in
uceordance with the terms of Section 2.5.3 hereofat any time prior to a Redemption Date
covering such shares, and the provisions of this Section 2.3.4 shall not apply to any shares so
converted.

id) The number of shares of any holder that are redeemed in ans Redemption
made shall be reduced by the number of shares of Series B Stock or Series A Stockh, as
applicable. ri such holder conserts mto Conimon Stock after the date the corporatton mails the
Redemption “-otiee Gas delined below) and orion ie the relevant Redemption Date tas defined

bets IAD)

(e) If the funds of the corporation legally avarlable for the payment of any
installment of the Redemption Price for Series B Stock and/or Series A Stock. as applicable. on
any Payment Date are insufficient io make the aggregate payments owing pursuant ty this Scehon
2.3.5, those funds that are legally available will be applied to the payment of the amounts owed
the former holders of Series 3 Stock and. or Series A Stock, ratably in proportion to the aggicgate
amounts that would be payable to each holder if all amounts required to be paid on such Payment

payment of amounts owing pursuant to this Secuon 23.8, such funds will unmediately be used te
pas the balance of ine installment(s) of the Redemption Price which the comperation was
obligated to pay on any Payment Date but which was not paid. and, te the eatent imsufficient to
pay the entire balance. shall be distributed on the same basis as provided in the preceeding
sentence.

Pow, 1a82-3409437 V0 0030- oGN6 ES

(f) From and after a Redemption Date, unless there has been u default in
payment of the Redemption Price, the shares of stock designated for redemption in the
Redemption Notice shall cease to be outstanding and shall no longer be transferred on the book»
of the corporation, and all rights of thy holders with respect to such shares shall ccase. except the
right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their cenificate or
certificates

2.3.6 Reinssance of Stock

No share or shares of Series B Stock or Senes A Stock cons erted. repurchased. redecmed
or otherwise acquired by the corporation shall be resssucd, and all such shares shail be canceled.
retired and eliminated from the shares which the comperution shall be authorized (o issue. The
corponition may from time to time tuke such appropriate corporute action as may be necessary to
reduce the authorized number of shares of the Senes B Stock andor Scenes 4 Stock accordingly

2.3.7 Notices of Record Date
In the event that the corporation shall propese al any time.

(a) to declare any dividend of distribution upon its Common Stock. whether in
cash, property. stock or other securities, whether or nota regular cash dividend and whether of
not out of eamings or camed surplus:

(b) to. offer for subscription to the holders of any class of series of tts stock.
any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights.

tc) lo effect any reclassification or recapitalization of the shares of is
Common Stock outstanding invelving a change in the Common Stock, of

(J) to merge or consulidate with or uty any ose: ..pwastion, to sell, lease of
convey albor substangall df of its property of business. of to liquidate, dissolve or wind up.

Ihen. in connechon with e- hsuch event. the cerpoerabon shall send to the holders of the Serie
Stock and Senes A Stock

ty at beast 20 days (or such shorter period as is agreed tu by she
holders of a majority of the Serrew’S Stock and Semes A Stock, voting together 25 a single claws.
poi watten notice of the date on which a record shall be taken for such ds dend. distr’ ston ot
subsenphon rights Gand specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be
cnutied thereto) of for detennining rights to vote on respect of the matters reformed te in (cy and
(ds ahove, and

Qi) inthe case of the matters referred to in fey and (d) above. at least
20 days tor such shorter period as is agreed to by halder of a majority of the Series B Stock and
Senes A Stock, voting together as a single class) poner waitten notice of the date when the same
shall take place (and speci!y ing the date on which the helders of the Sences 8 Stock, Senes A
Stock aad Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Series 9 Steck, Series A

Prroctige "B08 32 Te. anon | bs)

Stock end Cemmen Stock for securities or other property deli crable upon the cecurtenee of
such esentys

Such wotten notice shall desenbe the tealonal terns and condoms of such proposed
’ action, including a description of the stock, cash and propery to be received by the holders of
shares of Common Stock upon consummation of the proposed action ard tae date of delivery
thereof, Ifany material change tn the fucts set forth in the iaitial rotece shall occur. the
corporation shall promotly give written notice to cach helder of shares ef Series 13 Stock and
Series A Stock of such m tena! change, which aotice shall be delivered at least the umber of
days prior ww sich proposed action as specified in (i) and/or (it) above

Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 2.3 7 to be given fo the holders of
shares of Sencs 1B Stock and Serica A Stock shall be deemed given if delivered by naticnally
recognized overnight delivery service, postage prepaid and addressed ty cach noldet of record al
such holders address appearing on the books of the corporation

ARTICLE 3
Limitation of Director Liability

Fo the fullest extent that the Oregon Business Corporation Act. as i exists on the date
heres formas hercafter be amended. penmits the bree: ce or sonination of the habtins of
dirctors, adievctor of the corporation shall net be liable to the corpetatien of its sheuteiseddens fer
wns menctary dainuges for conduct as ua director, Any amendment to on repeal ci thse Actiche ot
amendment to the Oregon Business Corporation Act shall net adversely affect any mght ot
protectin ef a director of the corpormbon for on woh respect fo any acts of cmisen te of suc
director occurring prior to such amendment of repeal

ARTICLE 4
indemnification

The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent not prohibsied by das amy current of
former director of the Corporation who is. made, of threatened to be made, a pany te an action,
ster an-cocding, whether civil. criminal, adminstratye, investigative er ofeer Grstuding an
acon, suitor proceeding by or inthe nght of the Cerpacantens, by reason of the fact that such -
person is of was a director, officer, emplovee ef ogent or the Comporaten or a fducan within the
meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 with respect tons omphrace.
benelit pian of the C sporition. or serves or senved al the request of the Competation as a dircete?.
Meer employee or agent. of asa fiduciary ef an emplosee benefit pian. of ancthes coraraben,
Pastnership. joint venture, trustes clher enterpnse Phe Corperahon shel pas for on rernbures
the seasenable expenses incurred by any such current of former directer in. any such proceeding
madsvance of the final dispositivn of the proceeding if the person sets femth in anting G0 the
persan’s good faith belief that the person is entitled to indemnification under this Article and 60)
the pemon’s agreement to repay al! advances aoitas ultimately determined that the penen ss nt
entitles! ta indemnification under this Article Se amendment te this Article that limits the
Cormoration’s obligation to indemnify any person saall have any cflect on such obhyation fer ary
actor omission that occurs prior ty the late of the eHlective daty of the amendment or the dtc

Desens aes? J canoe. oooca 16

psy! -13

notice of the amendment is given to the person. This Anicle shall not be deemed eschsuve of
any vther provisions for indemnification of advancement of expenses of datectors, officcts.
employees, agents and fiducisrics that muy be included in any statute, Py law, syrectecm. gence!
or specific action of the Board of Directors, vete of sharvhulders or other document os
artanement.

Fur purpows of this Article, “corporation” 42! mean the comporation incoiporsted
hereunder and any suces wor corporation thereu!

ARTICLE §
Shareholder Action Without Meeting

Action required ut permitted by the Oregon Business Corporation Act or these Articles of
incerporaticn to be taken at 2 shareholders’ mecting may be taken withcut a mectitg if the action
is taken by shareholders having not less than the miniaum number of wtes tat would he
neces:.an to take such action at a meeting at whech all sharcholders entiled to vote on the action
were present and voted.

Ruedas deed i oaain. worn) 7

