Corporation

235 Capitol $1. Suite 161
Salem, OR 97310;1327
FilinginOragon.

Recistry Numser: 15444)]-93

1)
2)

3)

4)

8)

7)

+14 (Raw. U4} \

in accordanda with Oregon Revised Statute] 182.4 10-182.420, the informstion on thie appécation is pubic rocord.
Wo must neease (tus intormation to ali |

Please Type or Print Legibly in Black ink. Addidons! Sheet i Necussary.
NAMG OF CORPORATION PRIOR To Amexomant YOU Software, Inc.

New Nass oF nee Compora non (If changed)

A Cory oF THE RESTATED ARNCLES

Bs ATracHsp

Buaoesa/Proresnona. now ONLY
CHECK THE APPROPRUATE STA .
Lhe restated netcies contsin which do not require

sharehokier approvel. The dale of tho adoption of ine:
armandmens ond roetaied orucies .
These smendmenis were duty sdopled by ino board of Grecors.

(7) The restatod aries contin ments which require
sharehoider approval. The date of the adoption of the
amendments and restated artictes was 02/22/05

weiss coal
AQANST

12,384,595 | 12,384,595 | 7,690,862 -0

(7) re corperstion nes not Bsued am] snares of stock.
Sharehoider aciion was not required to edopt the resisted

artides. The resialed anicias were adopied by the
incorporalcrs or by the board of directors.

Exec
Syria se. °

Contact hacen fing.)

Leen reer eer ee eee ee an ee aEmEEEEEEEEEE GEEEEEEEEEemeen

]
|

~ Check the sppropriste box below:

Dal (2) BUSINESS/PROFESSIONAL COR ON
(Comptace ony 1.2.3, 4, 6, 7)

(1) NONPROFIT CORPORATION
(Cometeta ordy 1.2.3, 5.8, 7)

ond it wil be posied on ou website.

DayTimz PHORE NUMBER (include area cove.)
503.294.9543

CORPORATION OnLy
5) Cmacx THe TE STATEMENT
CO tna reused Contain amendments which do not require

membership The date of the adopilion of the arnandments
and restsied artides was :
arnendments Cuty ad opted by the board of & reactors.

O The resizied arucies coniain amendments whicn require
mambership

. The dele of the adoption of the
resiated articias wus

was es folows ;

amendments
The vote of the

Ney> 4 fo

Chief Executive Officer

Fous owy be fied of VISA o
MWaserCerd The cad nenber end
empwalion aio shensd bo MoRNeud
or oF toperit soci for yor
woRaon

FILED

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION MAR 29 2005
OF OREGON
YOU SOFTWARE, INC. SECRETARY OF STATE

Pursuant to the provisions of the Oregon Business Corporation Act, these Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation (these "Articles”) supersede heretofore existing articles of
incorporation for the corporation and all amendments thercto.

ARTICLE I. NAME
The name of the corporation is You Software, Inc. (the “corporation").
ARTICLE 2. SHIARES

2.1 Authorized Capital. The corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock
to be designated, respectively, "Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock”. The total number of
shares of stock which the corporation shall have authority to issue shall consist of 50,000,000
shares of Common Stock and 20,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock.

2.2. Common Stock. Subject to any preferentia: or other nights granted to any series
of Preferred Stock, the holders of shares of the Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends out of funds of the corporation legally available therefor, at the rate and at the time or
times as may be provided by the Board of Directors. The holders of shares of Common Stock, on
the basis of one vote per share, shall have the right to vote for the election of members of the
Board of Directors of the corporation and shall have the right to vote on all other matters, except
where a separate class or series of the corporation's shareholders have the right to vote by class or
series or as otherwise provided in these Articles.

2.3. Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in
one or more series. Shares of Prcofeircd Siccs which may be redeemed, purchased or acquired by
the Corporation may be reissued except as otherwise provided by law. The Board of Directors of
the Corporation is hereby authorized to fix the designations and powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other rights, if any, and qualifications, limitations or other restrictions
thereof , including, without limitation, the dividend rate (and whether or not dividends are
cumulative), conversion rights, if Any, vcting rights, mghts and terms of redemption, redemption
price and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock and the
number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of them.

Of the Preferred Stock, there shall be 13,000,000 shares designated as “Senes A Preferred
Stock” and 7,000,000 shares designated as “Scenes A-] Preferred Stock.” The nghts, preferences.
pnvileges and restrictions granted to and imposed upon the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series
A Stock”) and the Senes A-1 Preferred Stock (the “Series A-1 Stock” )are set forth below.

Purtind? 350761 1 00600 30-06001

2.3.1 Dividends

(a) Subject tothe rights of series of Preferred Stock which may from time to
time come into existence, the holders of shares cf the Series A-1 Stock and Scries A Stock shall
be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets of the corporation legally available therefor,
prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in
Common Stock of the corporation) on the Common Stock of the corporation dunng any fiscal
year, at the rate of eight percent (8%) of the Series A-1 Original Issuc Price (as defined below
and with respeci to the Series A-] Stock) or the Senes A Original Issue Price (as defined below
and with respect to the Senes A Stock) per annum per share of Series A-1 Stock or Senes A
Stock, as applicable, then outstanding, payable when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors.

(b) = After payment of such dividends to the holders of the Series A-1 Stock
and the Series A Stock (and of any other class or series of Preferred Stock having preferential
rights as to dividends) in any fiscal year, the corporation may in the same fiscal year declare or
pay a dividend on Common Stock, provided the corporation shal! simultaneously declare and pay
a dividend on each outstanding share af Series A-1 Stock and Series A Stock that is eq:2! or
greater to the dividend to be declared or paid on each share of Common Stock times the number
of shares of Common Stock into which each such share of Senes A-} Stock or Series A Stock (as
applicable) is then convertible. No dividend shall be declared or paid on the Common Stock, nor
shal! any distribution in respect of any shares of the Common Stock otherwise be made, unless
approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors the holders of the Series A
Stock shall have the nght to designate pursuant to 3 voting or other written agreement with the
corporation.

(c) The right to dividends shall not be cumulative, and no nght shall accnie to
the holders of the Series A-1 Stock or the Series A Stock in the event the corporation shall,
irrespective of its earnings, fail to declare or pay such dividends, nor shall any undeclared or
unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest.

(d) Distnbutions to Sharcholders. The Board of Directors’ right to authonze
and make distributions to its shareholders is subject to the restrictions set forth in these Articles
and the restrictions set forth in ORS 60.181 and such other applicable legal restrictions as are or
may hereafter become effective.

(e) Distnbutions Other than Cash. Whenever a distnbution provided
for in Section 2.3.1 shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such
distnbution shall be the fair market value of such property, as determined 1 good faith by
the Board of Directars of the corporation

2.3.2 Liquidation. Upon the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, tiquidation or
winding up of the comoration, subject to the nghis of senes of Preferred Stock which may from
time to lime come into existence, the asscts of the cosporation available for distribution to ns
shareholders shall be distributed tn the following order and amounts.

Poets g 7 49071 1) G05 30-00001

(a) The holders of shares of Series A-1 Stock shall be entitled to receive an
amount equal to the result of multiplying (1) $0.383 (the "Series A-1 Original Issue Price")
(appropriately adjusted for any Stock dtvidend, split, combination or similar reorganization of the
Series A-1 Stock) by (2) 1.75, for each outstanding share of Series A Stock held by them, and, in
addition, an amount equal to any dividends declared but not paid on each such share. If such
assets avaliable for distrioution shall be insufficient to permit the payment to the holders of
Series A-1 Stock of the preferential amounts to which they may be cntitled under this |
Section 2.3.1(a), then, subject to the nghts of series of Preferred Stock which may from time to
time come into existence, the entire assets of the corporation legally available for distribution
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of shares of Serres A-1 Stock based upon the |
number of shares of such stock held by each of such holders.

(b) After the distribution described in subsection 2.3.2(a) above, the holders of
shares of Series A Stock shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the result of multiplying
(1) $0.383 (the "Series A Original Issue Price") (appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend,

split, combination or similar reorganization of the Series A Stock) by (2) 1.75, for each

outstanding share of Series A Stock held by them, and, in addition, an amount equal to any

dividends declared but not paid on each such share. If such assets available for distribution shall

be insufficient to permit the payment to the holders of Series A Stock of the preferential amounts

to which they may be entitled under this Section 2.3.2(b), then, subject to the nghts of senes of

Preferred Stock which may from time to time come into existence, the entire assets of the

corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of

shares of Series A Stock based upon the number of shares of such stock held by each of such

holders.

{2} Upon the completion of the distributions required by Sections 2.3.2(a) and
(b) above, subject to the rights of series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time come
into existence, the remaining assets of the corporation available for distribution to shareholders
shall be distributed among the holders of Series A Stock, the Series A-1 Stock and Common
Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming full
conversion of all Senes A Stock and Senes A-1 Stock at the Sezics A Conversion Rate and the
Series A-1 Conversion Rate, respectively, (each as determined under Section 2.3.3(b)) then in
effect)

{d} Unless otherwise agreed by holdcrs of more than 50 percent of the then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, a consolidaticn or merger
of the corporation with or into another come. wien os vines ilily or person (excluding any
merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the corporation), or any
other corporate reorganization or other transaction or senes of related transactions by the
corporation, in any such case, in which the shareholders of the corporation immediately pnor to
such transaction or senes of related transactions shal] own sccurities representing less than a
majonty of the voting power of the surviving corporation immedbately after such transaction or
scrics of related transactions, or a sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the corporation whether on a consolidated basis or otherwise, or ihe license or
sublicense (in each case on an exclusive basis), sale, conveyance or cther disposition of all or

Ported > 50750) 1 00000 56-0000)1
(viii) | adopt or amend any stock option or stock incentive plan providing
for the issuance of shares of the corporation's capital stock to employees, directors, consultants,
service providers or advisers, or Brant warrants, or issue any capital stock or securities
exercisable or convertible into capital stock to sucn parties except for grants made from the 2003
Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan”), that are approved by the Board of Directors;

(ix) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for
a sinking fund for such purpose) any equity securities of the corporation; provided, however, that
this restriction shall not apply to (A) repurchases of shares of equity securities from employees or
other bona fide providers of services to the corporation that are made pursuant to ugreements
approved by the corporation's Board of Directors providing for a right of repurchase by the
corporation upon termination of employment or the service relationship or (B) redemptions made
pursuant to Section 2.3.4 of these Articles;

(x) enter into any loan cr guaranty of indebtedness in excess, in the
aggregate, of $25,000;

(xi) _ effect any consolidation, merger or other corporate reorganization;

(xii) engage in any business that is substantially different than that
engaged in or anticipated to be engaged in by the corporation on the date shares of Series A
Stock are first issued by the corporation (the "Series A Original Issue Date"); or

(xiii) sell any subsidiary or all or substantially all of the assets held in
any subsidiary; or

(xiv) grant an exclusive license for all or substantially all of the
intellectual property of the corporation.

2.3.3 Conversion Rights
(a) General.

«:) Voluntary Conversion. Shares of the Serics A-} Stock may, at the
option of the holder, be converted at any time into such number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of Common Stock as are equal to the product obtained by multiplying the Series A-1
Conversion Rate (determined under Section 2.3.3(b)) by the number of shares of Series A-! -
Stock being converted. Shares of the Series A Stock may, at the option of the holder, be
converted at any time into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
as are equal to the product obtained by multiplying the Series A Conversion Rate (determined
under Section 2.3.3(b)) by the number of shares of Series A Stock being converted.

(11) Mandatory Conversion. Each share of Series A-! Stock and Series
A Stock shall be converted automatically (without any further action by the holders of such
stares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the
corpuration or its transfer agent for the Common Stock), into the number of shares of Common
Stock into which such Series A-1 Stock and Series A Stock. as applicable, is convertible

>
Partin: £23546} 19060030-00001

pursuant to Section 2.3.3(a)(i), upon the earlier of (A) the closing of a firmly underwnitten, public
offering by the corporation of shares of Common Stock, registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securitfes Act’), on Form S-1 (or its successor form), the public offering
price of which is not less than three times the Series A-1 Original Issue Price per share (adjusted
to reflect subsequent stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalizations) and in which the aggregate
offering procecds paid to the corporation are at least $20,000,000 (before deduction of
underwriters’ discounts and commissions and expenses of the offering), or (B) the conversion or
approval of the conversion by the hoiders uf ai icasi GO percent of the then outstanding shares of
Series A-] Stock and Senes A Stock voting together as a single class.

(iii) Special Mandatory Conversions. If the corporation completes an
equity financing (“New Financing”) of at least three million dollars ($3,000,000) involving the

issuance and sale of a new senes of convertible preferred stock issued after the date of creation of
the Series A-I Stock, then, each share of Series A-1 Stock shall be converted automatically
(w'thout any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the corporation or its transier agent), into one share
of Series A Stock .

(b) Conversiun Raic. The couversion rate for Senes A-! Stock in effect at any
time (the "Series A-1 Conversion Rate”) shall equal $0.383 divided by the Senes A-1
Conversion Price, calculated as provided in Section 2.3.3(c) and the conversion rate for Senes A
Stock in effect at any time (the “Series A Conversion Rate”) shall equa! $0.383 divided by the
Series A Conversion Price, also as calculated as provided in Section 2.3.3(c).

(c) Conversion Pnce. The conversion pnce for the Series A-1 Stock in effect
from time to time, except as adjusted in accordance with Section 2.3.3(d), shall be $0.383 (the
"Series A-] Conversion Price"). The conversion nrice for the Series A Stock in effect trom
time to time, except as adjusted in accordance with Section 2.3.3(d), shall be $0.383 (the
"Series A Conversion Price’)

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Prices.

(i) Extraordinary Common Stock Event. Upon the happening of an
Extraordinary Common Stock Event (as defined beiow) (a) the Series A-! Conversion Price

shall, simultaneously with the happening of such Extraordinary Common Stock Event, he
adjusted by multiplying the then effective Series A-] Conversion Price by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such Extraordinary Common Stock Event and the denominator of which shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such Extraordinary Common
Stock Event (including, if applicable. the number of shares of Common Stock issuable with
respect to Common Stock Equivalents (as defined below)), and the product so obtained shaii
thereafter be the Senes A-] Conversion Pnce, and (b) the Senes A Conversion Price shall,
simultaneously with the happening ot such Extraordinary Common Stock Event, be aciusted by
multiplying the then effective Series A Conversion Price bv a fraction, the numerator o1 which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
Extraordinary Common Stock Event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares

moe. 380700. 1 yOOl0O-0C0C1

of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such Extraordinary Common Stock Event
(including, if applicable, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to
Common Stock Equivalents), amd the product so obtained shall thereafter be the Series A
Conversion Price. The Series A-] Conversion Price and the Series A Conversion Price, as so
adjusted, shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the happening of any successive
Extraordinary Common Stock Event or Events.

“Extraordinary Common Stock Event" shal] mean (x) the issuance of additional shares
of Common Stock, as a dividend or other distribution on outstanding Common Stock of the
corporation, or other securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive
directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock ("Common Stock Equivalents”)
without the payment of any consideration, (y) a split or subdivision of outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, or (z) a combination of
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock.

(ii) Sale of Shares Below Conversion Price.

(A) _ Ifthe corporation shall issue any Additional Stock (as
defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series A-!
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the
Series A-1 Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to issuance of such Additional Stock
(except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.3.3(d){ii)) shall be adjusted down to a price equal
to the quotient obtained by dividiny the total computed under clause (x) below by the total
computed under clause (y) below, as follows:

(x) an amount equal to the sum of (1) the result obtained by
multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding immediately
pnor to such issuance (which shall include the actual number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding plus all shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exercise of
all outstanding convertible secunties, v arrants and options) by the Series A-1 Conversion
Price then in effect, and (2) the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the
corporation upon the issuance of such Additional Stock;

(y) the number of shares of Common Stock of the corporation
outstanding immediately after such issuance (including the shares dcemed outstanding as
provided in clause (x) above). -

(B) If the corporation shall] issue any Additional Stock without
consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series A Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Series A Conversion Price in
effect immediately pnor to issuance of such Additional Stock (except as otherwise provided in
this Section 2.3.3(d){ii)) shall be adjusted down to a pnce equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing the total computed under clause (x) below by the total computed under clause (v) below.
as follows:

Pound? 2u7UL 1 1 00000'0-00001

(x) an alaount equal to the sum of (1) the result obtained by
multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding immediately
prior to such issuance (which Stall include the actual number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding plus all shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exercise of
all outstanding convertible securities, warrants and options) by the Series A Conversion
Price then in effect, and (2) the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the
corporation upon the issuance of such Additional Stock;

(y) the number of shares of Common Stock of the corporation
outstanding immediately after such issuance (including the shares deemed outstanding as
provided in clause (x) above).

(C) No adjustment of the Series A-1 Conversion Price or the
Series A Conversion Price shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share, provided,
however, that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall
be carried forward and shall be taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made to the
Series A-1 Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price, as applicable. Except to the limited
extent provided for in Sections 2.3.3(d)(ii)(E)(3) and (4), no adjustment of the Series A-1
Cor: ersion Price or the Series A Cozversion Price pursuant to this Subsection 2.3.3(d}{ii) shall
have the effect of increasing the Series A-1 Conversion Price above the Series A-1 Conversion
Price or the Series A Conversion Price above the Series A Conversion Price, each as in effect
immediately prior to such adjustment.

(D) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the
consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the corporation for any
underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(E) _ In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the
corporation, irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(F) In the case of the issuance of options or warrants to
purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock, securities by their terms convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock, or options or warrants to purchase or rights to subscribe for
such convertible or exchangeable securities (which options, warrants, nghts, convertible or
exchangeabie securities are not excluded from the definition of Additional Stock by
Section 2.3.3(d)(11i), the following provisions shall apply:

(1) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options or warrants to purchase or rights to
subscnbe for Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such
options. warrants or rights were issued for a consideration equal to the consideration
(determined in the manner provided in Sections 2.3.3(d)(ii)(D) and (E) above), if any,
received by the corporation upon the issuance of such options, warrants or nights plus the

Porttr.d2-$97601 | 0060030-06001

minimum purchase price provided in such options, warrants or rights for the Common

Stock covered thereby, but no further adjustment to the Series A-]1 Conversion Price or
the Serres A Conversion Price sWalf be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock

upon the exercise of such options, warrants or rights in accordance with their terms;

(2) the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or
exchangeable secunties or upon the exercise of options or warrants to purchase or rights
to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or
exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were
issued or such options, warrants or rights were issued for a consideration equal to the
consideration received, if any, by the corporation for any such securities and related
options, warrants or nights, plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be
received by the corporation upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the
exercise of any related options, warrants or rights and the subsequent conversion or
exchange of the securities issued upon the exercise of such options, warrants or rights
(the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in
Sections 2.3.3(d)(ii(C) and (D)} above), but no further adjustment to the Series A
Conversion Price shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock upon the
conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any such related options,
warrants or rights or such subsequent conversion or exchange in accordance with their
terms;

(3) if such options, warrants, rights or convertible or
exchangeable securities by their terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for
any change in the consideration payable to the corporation or in the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, including,
without limitation, a change resulting from the anti-dilution provisions thereof, the
Series A Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof, and any subsequent
adjustments based thereon, shall, upon such change becoming effective, be recomputed to
reflect such change, but no further adjustment to the Series A-1 Conversion Price or the
Senes A Conversion Price shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock upon
the exercise of any such options, warrants or rights or the conversion or exchange of such
secunties in accordance with their terms; and

(4) - upon the expiration of any such options, warrants or rights, -
the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options,
warrants or nghts related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Series A-1
Conversion Price and the Series A Conversion Price shall forthwith be readjusted to the
Series A-1 Conversion Price or the Series A Conversion Price, as applicable, as would
have been obtained had the adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such
options, warrants, nghts or securities or options, warrants or rights related to such
secunties been made upon the basis of the issuance of only the number of shares of
Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect)
actually issued ::,,0n the exercise of such options, warrants or rights, upon the conversion

Porting? -3507601.1 0060030-0000!

or exchange of such secuntties or upon the exercise of the options, warrants or rights
related to such securities.

~ — -

(iii) "Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock or
secunities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 2.3.3(d)(ii)(F) above) by the corporation after the
Series A Original Issue Date other than:

(A) shares of Common Stock issued in connection with
an Extraordinary Common Stock Event pursuant to Section 2.3.3(d)(i);

(B) upto 1,750,000 shares of Common Stock and/or
options, warrants or other Common Stock purchase rights (and the shares of Common
Stock issued pursuant to such options, warrants or other rights), issued tc employees,
officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the corporation or any subsidiary
pursuant to the Plan;

(C) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of Preferred Stock:

(D) shares of Common Stock and/or options, warrants
or other Common Stock purchase rights (and the shares of Common Stock issued
pursuant to such options, warrants or other rights) issued in connection with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings or similar transactions that are approved by the
corporation's Board of Directors:

{F) shares of Common Stock and/sr options, warrants
or other Common Stock purchase rights (and the shares of Common Stock issued
pursuant to such options, warrants or other nghts) issued in connection with bona fide
acquisitions, mergers or similar transactions, the terms of which are approved by the
corporation's Board of Directors;

(F) any shares of Common Stock and/or options,
warrants or other Common Siock purchase rights (and the shares of Common Stock
issued pursuant to such options, warrants or other rights), so long as holders of at least 50
percent of the outstanding Series A-1! Stock and Series A Stock, voting together as a
single class, agree in writing that such issuances shal! not constitute "Additional Stock."

(e) Capital Reorganization or Reclassification. If the Common Stock issuable
upon the conversion of the Series A-1 Stock or the Series A Stock shall be changed ints the same
or different number of shares of any class or classes uf stock of the corporation, whether by
capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than an Extraordinary Common Stock
Event provided for in Section 2.3.3(d)(i)), then and in each such event the holders of each share
of Series A-1 Stock or the Series A Stock, as the case may be. shall have the right thereafter to
convert such shares into the kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property
receivable upon such reorganizaticn, reclassification or other change by holders of the number of

shares of Common Stock into which such share of Series A-1 Stock or the Senes A Stock, as

10

Portl- 324507601 .1 0060030-0000}
applicable, might have been converted immediately prior to such reorganization, rectassification
or change, all subject to adjustment as provided herein. In any such case, appropriate adjustment
shall be made in the application Of the provisions of this Section 2.3.3 with respect to the nghts
of the holders of the Series A-1 Stock and the Series A Stock after the reorganization,
recapitalization or change to the end that the provisions of this Section 2.3.3 (inciuaing
adjustment of the Series A-1 Conversion Price and/or the Series A Conversion Price, as
applicable, then in effect and the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Series A
Stock) shal! be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(f) Other Distributions. In the event the corporation shall, with respect to
outstanding Common Stock of the corporation, declare a distribution payable in securities of
other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the corporation or other persons, assets
(excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in Section 2.3.3(d)(i) or (ii), then
in each case for the purpose of this Section 2.3.3(f) the holders of the Series A-1 Stock and Series
A Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the corporation into which their shares of
Series A-1 Stock and/or Series A Stock, as applicable, are convertible as of the record date fixed
for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.

(g) Certificate as to Adjustments; Notice by the Corporation. In each case of
an adjustment or readjustment of the Series A-] Conversion Rate or the Series A Conversion
Rate, the corporation will promptly furnish each holder of Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock, as
the case may be, with a certificate, prepared by the President or Chief Financial Officer of the
corporation, showing such adjustment or readjustment and stating in detail the facts upon which
such adjustment or readjustment is based. The corporation shall, upon the written request at any
time of any holder of Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such
holder a like certificate setting forth (1) such adjusument and readjustment, (ii) the Series A-1!
Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price, as applicabic, at the time in effect, and (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of a share of Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock, as
applicable.

(h) Exercise of Conversion Privilege. To exercise its conversion privilege
pursuant to Section 2.3.3(a){i), cach holder of Senes A-1} Stock or Series A Stock, as the case
may be, shall surrender the certificate or certificates representing the shares being converted to
the corporation at its principal office, and shall give written notice to the corporation at that
office that such holder elects to convert such shares. Such notice shall also state the name or
names (with address or addresses) in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion shal] be issued. The certificate or certificates for shares of
Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock surrendered for conversion shall be accompanied by proper
assignment thereof to the corporation or in blank. The date when such wntten notice is received
by the corporation, together with ths ccrtificate or certificates representing the shares of Series A-
1 Stock or Series A Stock, as applicable, being converted, shall be the "Conversion Date." As
promptly as practicable after the Conversion Date, the corporation shall issue and shall deliver to
the holder of the shares of Series A-1 Stock and/or Series A Stock being converted, or on its

1]

PortInd? 359769) 1 0060030-00001

written order, such certificate or certificates as it may request for the number of whole shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of such shares of Series A-1 Stock or Series A
Stock, as the case may be, in accdrdance with the provisions of this Section 2.3.3, and cash in the
amount of any declared and unpaid dividends on such shares of Series A-1 Stock or Senes A
Stock, as applicable, up to and including the Conversion Date. Such conversion shall be deemed
to have been effected immediately prior to the close of business on the Conversion Date and at
such time the rights of the holder of the converted shares of Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock
shal! cease with respect to such shares and the person or persons in whose name or names any
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
deemed to have become the holder or holders of record of the shares of Common Stock
cepresented thereby. If the conversion is in connection with an underwniten offering of securities
registered pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion (and payment of any declared and
unpaid dividends) shall be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of
shares of Common Stock pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to
receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock, as
applicable, shall not be deemed to have converted such securities until immediately prior to the
closing of such sale of securities.

(0) No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shal] be issued upon the
conversion of Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock to
be issued shall be rounded to the nearest whole share (with one-half being rounded upward),
determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock, as
applicable, the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

G) Partial Conversion. In the event some, but not all, of the shares of
Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock, as applicable, represented by a certificate or certificates
surrendered by a holder are converted, the corporation shall execute and deliver to or on the order
of the holder, at the expense of the corporation, a new certificate representing the shares of
Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock, as applicable, that were not converted.

(k) Reservation of Common Stock. The corporation shall at all times reserve
and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the
purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A-1 Stock and Senes A Stock,
such number of its shares of Comraon Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shzres of che Series A-1 Stock and Series A Stock, and, if at any
time the number of authorized but urissueu shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to
effect the conversion of al] then outstanding shares of the Serics A-1 Stock and Series A Stock,
the corporation shall take such corporate action as may be necessary tu increase its authonzed but
unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shali be sufficient for such
purpose, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder
approval of any amendment to these Articles of Incorporation.

()) No Impairment The corporation will not, by amendment of its articles of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger,
dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the

1?

-

Portind2-4507601 1 G060030-00001

observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the
corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of
this Section 2.3.3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Series A-1 Stock and Series A Stock against
impairment.

2.3.4. Redemption
(a) At any time after the fifth anniversary of the Purchase Agreement:

(i) if requested by the holders of not less than fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding shares of Series A-1 Stock (a "Series A-1 Redemption Demand"), the
corporation shal] redeem, from any funds legally available for such purpose, the number of
outstanding shares of Series A-1 Stock specified by such holders, provided that the total number
of shares redecmed pursuant to this Section 2.3.4(a)(i) (A) shall not exceed fifty percent (50%)
of the shures of Series A-1 Stock issued if the redemption date is prior to the sixth anniversary of
the Purchase Agreement, (B) shall not exceed seventy five percent (75%) of the shares of Series
A-! Stock issued if the redemption date is prior to the seventh anniversary of the Purchase
Agreement, and (C) may include up to one-hundred percent (100%) of the shares of Series A-1
Stock orginally issued if the redemption date is on or after the seventh anniversary of the
Purchase Agreement. The corporation shall be obligated to effect no more than one (1)
redemption in any 12 month period and three redemptions in total pursuant to this Section
2.3.4(a\(i). The Company shall set a date to effect the redemption that is no less than sixty (60)
and no more than ninety (90) days from the Series A-1 Redemption Demand (each a “Series A-1
Redemption Date"). The number of shares to be redeemed from each holder on each Series A-1
Redemption Date shall equai the product of the number of shares of Series A-1 Stock held by
such holder times a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of shares of Series A-!
Stock to be redeemed and the denominator of which is the total number of shares of Series A-1
Stock that are outstanding.

(ii) if requested by the holders of not less than fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding shares of Senes A Stock (a "Series A Redemption Demand"), the corporation
shall redeem, from any funds legally available for such purpose, the number of outstanding
shares of Series A Stock specified by such holders, provided that the total number of shares
redeemed pursuant to this Section 2.3.4(a)(i) (A) shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) of the
shares of Series A Stock onginally issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement if the redemption
date is prior to the sixth anniversary of the Purchase Agreement, (B) shall not exceed seventy five
percent (75%) of the shares of Series A Stock originally issued pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement if the redemption date is prior to the seventh anniversary of the Purchase Agreement,
and (C) may include up to one-hundred percent (100%) of the shares of Series A Stock originally
issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement if the redemption date is on or after the seventh
anniversary of the Purchase Agreement. The corporation shall be obligated to effect no more
than one (1) redemption in any 12 month period and three redemptions in total pursuant to this
Section 2.3.4(a)(i). The Company shall set a date to effect the redemption that is no less than
sixty (60) and no more than ninety (90) days from the Serics A Redemption Demand (each a
"Series A Redemption Date” and, together with the Series A-] Redemption Date, the

12

~

Faring? 3507601 + 0060030-0606

“Redemption Date”). The number of shares to be redeemed from each holder on each Senes A
Redemption Date shall equal the product of the number of shares of Series A Stock held by such
holder times a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of shares of Series A Stock to
be redeemed and the denominator of which is the total number of shares of Series A Stock that
are outstanding.

(b) Reveniption Price. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 2.3.4 (each, a
"Redemption") shal! be effected by the corporation by paying cash in an amount equal to $C.383
per share of Series A Stock or Series A-! Stock being redeemed (as adjusted for any dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares) plus all accrued or declared but unpaid
dividends on such shares (the "Redemption Price”).

(c) At least thirty days prior to each Redemption Date, the corporation shall
mail a redemption notice (the "Redemption Notice”), first class postage prepaid, to each holder
of record of Series A Stock and/or Series A-1 Stock, as the case may be, as of the close of
business two business days preceding the mailing date, at the address last shown on the records
of the corporation for such holder. The Redemption Notice shall specify the number of shares to
be redeemed from such hoider, the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price and the place at
which payment may be obtained, and shall cal! upon such holder to surrender to the corporation,
in the manner and at the place designated, the certificate or certificates representing the shares to
be redeemed. On or after the Redemption Date, each holder of Series A Stock and/or Series A-1
Stock, as applicable, to be redeemed shall surrender to the corporation the certificate or
certificates representing such shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption
Notice. Each surrendered certificate shall be cancelled, and the Redemption Price for such shares
shall then be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or
certificates as the owier thereof If tess than all the shares represented by any such certificate are
redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares. Nothing herein
shall be deemed to prevent a holder of Series A Stock or Series A-1 Stock from converting all or
part of such holder's shares into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of Section 2.3.3
hereof at any time prior to a Redemption Date covering such shares, and the provisions of this
Section 2.3.4 shall not apply to any shares so converted.

(d) The number of shares of any holder that are redeemed in any Redemption
made shall be reduced by the number of shares of Series A Stock or Series A-! Stock, as
applicable, that such holder converts into Common Stock after the date the corporation mails the
Redemption Notice (as defined betow) and prior to the relevant Redemption Date (as defined
below).

(e) If the funds of the corporation legally available for redemption of shares of
Series A Stock and/or Senes A-1 Stock, as applicable, on any Redemption Date are insufficient
to redeem the total number of such shares to be redeemed on such date, those funds that are
legally available will be used to redeem shares from the holders of Series A Stock and/or Senes
A-1 Stock, as applicable, ratably in proportion to the aggregate Redemption Prices that would be
payable to each holder if all shares required to be redeemed were being redeemed. The shares
not redeemed shall remain outstanding and entitled to al! the Tights aid prefucnees provided
herein, including the rights of conversion set forth herein. if any time thereafter additional funds

14
Porting? 250760; 1 0069030-000C:
become legally available for the redemption, such funds will immediately be used to redeem the
balance of the shares which the corporation has become obliged to redeem on any Redemption
Date but which it has not redeemed. ~~ ~

(f) From and after a Redemption Date, unless there has been a default in
payment of the Redemption Price, the shares of stock designated for redemption in the
Redemption Notice shall cease to be outstanding and shal! no longer be transferred on the books
of the corporation, and all rights of the holders with respect to such shares shall cease, except the
right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificate or
certificates.

2.3.5 Reissuance of Stock

No share or shares of Series A-1 Stock or Series A Stock converted, repurchased or
otherwise acquired by the corporation shall be reissued, and all such shares shall be canceled,
retired and eliminated from the shares which the corporation shall be authorized to issue. The
corporation may from time to time take such appropriate corporate action as may be necessary to
reduce the authorized number of shares of the Series A-1 Stock and/or Series A Stock
accordingly.

2.3.6 Notices of Record Date
In the event that the corporation shall propose at any time:

(a) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in
cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or
not out of earnings or earned surplus;

(b) to offer for subscription to the holders of any class of series of its stock,
any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights;

(c) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of the shares of its
Common Stock outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

(d) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, to sell. lease or
convey all or substantially all of its property cr business, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up;

then, in connection with each such event, the corporation shall send to the holders of the
Senes A-] Stock and Series A Stock:

(i) at least 20 days (or such shorter period as is agreed to by the
holders of a majority of the Series A-1 Stock ard Senes A Stock, voting together as a single
class) prior written notice of the date on which a record shal] be taken for such dividend,
distribution or subscription rights (and specifying Ue date on which the holders of Common
Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote in respect of the matters referred
to in (c) and (d) above; and

PortInd?-~4507601 1 6060030-00001

(ii) in the case of the matters referred to in (c) and (d) above. at least
20 days (or such shorter period as is agreed to by holders of a majority of the Series A-1 Stock
and Series A Stock, voting togeiRer as @ single class) prior written notice of the date when the
same shall take place (and specifying the date on which the holders of the Series A-! Stock,
Series A Stock 2:d Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Series A-1 Stock,
Series A Stock and Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon the
occurrence of such events).

Such written notice shal] describe the material terms and conditions of such proposed
action, including a description of the stock, cash and property to be received by the holders of
shares of Common Stock upon consummation of the proposed action and the date of delivery
thereof. If anv material change in the facts set forth in the initial notice shall occur, the
corporation shall promptly give written notice to each holder of shares of Series A-] Stock and
Series A Stock of such material change.

Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 2.3.5 to be given to the holders of
shares of Series A-1 Stock and Series A Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United
States mail, postage prepaid and addressed to each hclder of record at such holder's address
appearing on the books of the corporation.

ARTICLE 3
Limitation of Director Liability

To the fullest extent that the Oregon Business Corporation Act, as it exists on the date
hercof or may hereafter be amended, permits the limitation or elimination of the liatility of
directors, a director of the corporation shall not be liable to the corporation or its shareholders for
any monetary damages for conduct as a director. Any amendment to or repeal of this Article or
amendment to the Oregon Business Corporation Act shall not adversely affect any right or
protection of a director of the corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such
director occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

ARTICLE 4
Indemnification

To the fullest extent not prohibitcd by law, the corporation: (i) shall indemnify any
person who is made, or threatened _to be made, a party to an action, suit or proceeding, whether
civil, cnminal, administrative, investigative, or otherwise (including an action, suit or proceeding
by or in the right of the corporation), by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director of
the corporation, and (ii) may indemnify any person who is made, or threatened to be madc, a
party Lo an action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminai, administrative, investigative. or
otherwise (including an action, suil or proceeding by or in the nght of the corporation), by reason
of the fact that the person is or was an officer. employee or agent of the corporation, or a
fiduciary (within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Sccunty Act of 1974), with
respect to any employee benefit plan of the corporation, or serves or served ai the request of the
corporation as a director or officer of, or as a fiduciary (as defined above) of an employee bencfit
plan of, another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. This Article

16
Porting > 380°6G! 1 0000030-00001
Psyyy|-92,

shall not be deemed exclusive of any other provisions for the indemnification of directors,
officers, employees, or agents that may be included in any statute, bylaw, agreement, resolution
of shareholders or directors or ofherwite, both as to action in any official capacity and action in
any other capacity while holding office, or while an employee or agent of the corporation. For
purposes of this Article, “corporation” shall mean the corporation incorporated hereunder and
any successor corporation thereof.

ARTICLE 5
Shareholder Action Without Meeting

Action required or permitted by the Oregon Business Corporation Act or these Articles of
Incorporation to be taken at a shareholders’ meeting may be taken without a meeting if the action
is taken by shareholders having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to take such action at a meeting at which all shareholders entitled to vote on the action
were present and voted.

Poriind2 8507601! | 0060030-0000!
