AMENDMENT

ARTICLES OF RESTATEMENT OF THE
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF

ATTENSITY CORPORATION

September 13, 2002

In accordance with Section 16-10a-1007 of the Utah Revised Business Corporation Act (the

“‘4ct”), Attensity Corporation, a Utah corporation (the “Company”), hereby declares and certifies as
follows:

1. The name of the Company is Attensity Corporation.

2. The text of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the
“Amended and Restated Articles’) is attached hereto as Exhibit A and:is incorporated herein by this
reference. The Amended and Restated Articles supersede the original Articles of Incorporation of
the Company and all prior amendments thereto.

3. The amendments contained in the Amended and Restated Articles do not
provide for an exchange, reclassification, or cancellation of issued shares.

4. The Amended and Restated Articles were approved by the Board of Directors
by written consent on September 13, 2002, in accordance with Section 16-10a-821. Approval by
shareholders was not required under Section 16-10a-602.

5. The amendments do not affect the Company’s current officers, registered
office or registered agent.

Ghaid Gi Giass
_.. _Denanment of Commerce
Division of Corporations ard Commercial Code

| hereby certified that the foregoing has been fi
And approved on this {=3__ day o ee
In this office of this Division and herby issued

this Ce '@ thereof.
Examiner Date aslo

Bate: ootaanne
Recelpt Number: 671277
Amopunt Pact:  §25.00

WSGR: 2289214_ 1]

GAIY Le: 0de0-£1-60
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, these Articles of Restatement have been executed by the
Company as of the date first written above.

ATTENSITY CORPORATION
a Utah corporation

WSGR: 2289214_1

AKIN £2: 70d20-21-60
EXHIBIT A

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF

ATTENSITY CORPORATION

ARTICLE I
The name of the corporation is Attensity Corporation (the “Company”).

ARTICLE II

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be
organized under the Utah Revised Business Corporation Act (the “Act”).

ARTICLE UI

3.1 Capitalization.

(a) Classes of Stock. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock,
which shall be designated, respectively, as “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock,” each with no
par value per share. The total number of shares of stock that the Company shall have authority to

issue is 75,000,000, consisting of 60,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and 15,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock.

(b) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the “Restated Articles”) may
be issued from time to time in one or more series. The rights, preferences, privileges, and
restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series A Preferred Stock, which series shall consist of
13,600,000 shares (the “Series A Preferred Stock’), are as set forth below. In accordance with
Section 16-10a-602 of the Act (as such Section may be amended or superseded), the Board of
Directors is hereby authorized to, as it sees fit in its discretion, fix or alter the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon additional series of Preferred Stock, and the
number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or of any of them. Subject
to compliance with applicable protective voting rights that have been or may be granted to the
Preferred Stock or series thereof in these Restated Articles (the “Protective Provisions’’), but
notwithstanding any other rights of the Preferred Stock or any series thereof, the rights, privileges,
preferences and restrictions of any such additional series may be subordinated to, pari passu with
(including, without limitation, inclusion in provisions with respect to liquidation and acquisition
preferences, and/or approval of matters by vote or written consent), or senior to any of those of any
present or future class or series of Preferred Stock or Common Stock. Subject to compliance with

WSGR: 2289214_1

GAIN Le: 90d20-£1-60
applicable Protective Provisions, the Board of Directors is also authorized to increase or decrease the
number o fs hares of any senes, prior or subsequent to the issue of that series, but not below the
number of shares of such series then outstanding. In case the number of shares of any series shall be
so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status that they had prior to the
adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series.

(c) Definitions. For purposes of this Article Dl, the following definitions shall
apply:

(i) “Conversion Price” shall mean $0.325 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations and as otherwise set
forth elsewhere herein).

(ii) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness,
shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(ii) “Distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or other property
without consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, payable other than in Common
Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Company for cash or property other than: (i)
repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of
the Company or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to
agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or
held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to
rights o f first refusal contained in agreements providing for s uch right, (iii) repurchase of capital
stock of the Company in connection with the settlement of disputes with any shareholder, or (iv) any
other repurchase or redemption of capital stock of the Company approved by the holders of the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting as separate classes.

(iv) “Dividend Rate” for the Series A Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate
shall be a fixed dividend of $0.026 per share (subject to adjustment from time to time for
Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein).

(v) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $0.325 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere
herein).

(vi) “Merger or Consolidation” shall mean the acquisition of the Company
by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without
limitation, any stock acquisition, reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any sale of
stock for capital raising purposes) other than a transaction or series of transactions in which the
holders of the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction
continue to retain (either by such voting securities remaining outstanding or by such voting securities
being converted into voting secunties of the surviving entity), as a result of shares in the Company
held by such holders prior to such transaction, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power
represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding
immediately after such transaction or series of transactions.

WSGR: 2289214_1 -2-

OADM 1.2: '0d20-£1-60
(vii) “Options” shall mean nghts, options or warrants to subscribe for,
purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(viii) “Original Issue Date’ shall mean the date of the first issuance of any
shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(ix) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.325 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for any Recapitalization as set forth
elsewhere herein).

(x) ‘Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock.

(xi) “Qualified Public Offering” shall mean a firmly underwnitten public
offering of the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act
covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the Company with aggregate
offering proceeds to the Company of not less than $20,000,000, provided that the offering price per
share is not less than $1.00 (as adjusted for Recapitalizations).

(xii)  “Recapitalization” shall mean any stock dividend, stock split,
combination of shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event.

(xiii) | “‘Seeurities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
3.2 Dividends.

(a) Preferred Stock. The holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets at the
time legally available therefor, at the Dividend Rate specified for such shares of Preferred S tock
payable in preference and priority to any declaration or payment of any Distribution on Common
Stock of the Corporation. No Distributions shall be made with respect to the Common Stock until
all declared dividends on the Preferred Stock have been paid or set aside for payment to the Preferred
Stock holders. Payment of any dividends to the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be on a pro-rata,
pari pasu basis in proportion to the Dividend Rates for each series of Preferred Stock. The right to
receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock shall not be cumulative, and no right to such
dividends shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock by reason ofthe fact that dividends on said
shares are not declared or paid in any year.

(b) Additional Dividends. After the payment or setting aside for payment of the
dividends as described in Sections 3.2(a) any additional dividends (other than dividends payable
solely in Common Stock) declared or paid in any fiscal year shall be declared or paid among the
holders of the Preferred S tock and Common S tock then o utstanding in proportion to the greatest
whole number of shares of Common Stock which would be held by each such holder if all shares of
Preferred Stock were converted at the then-effective Conversion Rate (as defined in Section 3.4
hereof).

(c) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this

Section 3.2 shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be

WSGR: 2289214_} -3-

JAIY Lé:bdd20-€1-60
deemed to be the fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

3.3 Liquidation Rights.

(a) Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of the Company
to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share
for each share of Preferred Stock held by them equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Preference
specified for such share of Preferred Stock and (11) all declared but unpaid dividends (if any) on such
share of Preferred Stock: If upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the
assets of the C ompany J egally available for distribution to the holders o f the P referred S tock are
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3.3(a),
then the entire assets of the Company legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equal
priority and pro rata among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts they
would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3.3(a).

(b) Remaining Assets. After the payment to the holders of Preferred Stock of the
full preferential amounts specified above, the entire remaining assets of the Company legally
available for distribution by the Company shall be distributed with equal priority and pro rata among
the holders o f P referred S tock and Common S tock then outstanding in proportion to the greatest
whole number of shares of Common Stock which would be held by each holder if all of the shares of
Preferred Stock were converted at the then-effective Conversion Rate.

(c) Reorganization. For purposes of this Section 3.3, a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company (a “Liquidation Event”) shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to
include, (i) a Merger or Consolidation; (ii) a sale, lease or other conveyance of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company; or (iii) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary.

(d) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Company
distributed to shareholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Company are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, except that any publicly-traded securities to be
distributed to shareholders in a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company shall be
valued as follows:

(i) If the securities are then traded on a national securities exchange or the
Nasdaq Stock Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value of the securities shall
be deemed to be to the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system
over the 10 trading day period ending 5 trading days prior to the Distribution;

(ii) if the securities are actively traded over-the-counter, then the value of

the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the
10 trading day period ending 5 trading days prior to the Distribution.

WSGR: 2289214_1 -4-

QAJd Le: v0dc0-21-60
In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Company by another entity, the
Distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

3.4 Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion nights as
follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Company or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid, nonassessable
shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Original Issue Price for the relevant series by
the Conversion Price for such series. (The number of shares of Common Stock into which each
share of Preferred Stock of a series may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the “Conversion
Rate” for each such series.) Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price for any series of

Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 3.4, the Conversion Rate for such series shall be
appropmiately increased or decreased.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into fully-paid, nonassessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion
Rate for such share (i) immediately prior to the closing of Qualified Public Offering, or (ii) upon the
receipt by the Company of a written request for such conversion from the holders of a majority of the
Preferred Stock then outstanding, or, if later, the effective date for conversion specified in such

requests (each of the events referred to in (i) and (ii) are referred to herein as an “Automatic
Conversion Event’).

(c) | Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the
then fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors. For such purpose, all shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock
shall be aggregated, and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash.
Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of
Common Stock, and to receive certificates therefor, such holder shall surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the o ffice of the Company or of any transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock, and shall give wntten notice to the Company at such office that such holder elects to
convert the same; provided, however, that on the date of an Automatic Conversion Event, the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically, without any further action by
the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are
surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided further, however, that the Company shall
not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
Automatic Conversion Event unless either the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock
are delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the
Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes
an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in
connection with such certificates. On the date of the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion Event,
each holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the certificates representing

WSGR: 2289214_1 -5-

GADY LZ: v0d20-21~60
such shares of Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Company, that
notice from the Company shall not have been received by any holder of record of shares of Preferred

Stock, or that the certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock shall not then be actually
delivered to such holder.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definition. F or purposes of this S ection 3 .4(d), “Additional
Shares of Common” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section
3.4(d)(iii), deemed to be issued) by the Company after the Original Issue Date other than:

(1) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of
shares of Preferred Stock;

(2) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to employees,
consultants or directors for compensatory purposes and in accordance with stock plans approved by

the Board of Directors, or upon exercise of options or warrants granted to such parties pursuant to
any such plans;

(3) shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise, exchange,
adjustment or conversion of Options or Convertible Securities outstanding as of the date of the filing
of these Restated Articles;

(4) shares of Common S tock issued or issuable as a dividend or
distribution on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to
Sections 3.4(e), (f) or (g) hereof;

(5) shares of Common Stock issued in a Qualified Public Offering;

(6) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the

acquisition of another corporation by the Company by merger, purchase of substantially all of the
assets or other reorganization;

(7) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to banks,
equipment lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a bona fide commercial | easing, real
estate leasing or debt financing transaction approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;

(8) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
sponsored research, collaboration, technology license, development, OEM, marketing or other
similar agreements or strategic relationships approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;

(9) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to suppliers or third
party service providers in connection with the provision of goods or services pursuant to a bona fide

transaction approved by the Board of Directors of the Company; and

(10) shares of Common Stock which the holders of a majority of the
then outstanding Preferred Stock agree in writing shall not constitute Additional Shares of Common;

WSGR: 2289214_1 -6-

phd7N-C1-AN

NAAM 17:
provided, however, that the shares of Common S tock excluded from the definition o f A dditional
Shares of Common pursuant to subsections (2) or (6) through (9) above shall not be excluded from
such definition to the extent that the aggregate number of such shares issued exceeds twenty-five
percent (25%) of the total number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding (determined on a
fully-diluted basis, as adjusted for Recapitalizations).

(ii) | No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion
Price of a particular series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional
Shares of Common unless the consideration per share (as determined pursuant to Section 3.4(d)(v))
for an Additional Share of Common issued or deemed to be issued by the Company is less than the

Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, for such series of
Preferred Stock.

(i!) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common. In the event the
Company at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or
Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number
of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities, the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities or, in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
Options and the conversion or exchange of the underlying securities, shall be deemed to have been
issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close

of business on such record date, provided that in any such case in which shares are deemed to be
issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common Stock
in connection with the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration payable to the
Company, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon the exercise,
conversion or exchange thereof, the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock computed upon the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective,
be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities;

(3) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) above shall have the
effect of increasing the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock to an amount which exceeds the
lower of (i) the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock on the original adjustment date, or (ii) the
Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional
Shares of Common between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date;

WSGR: 2289214_1 -7-

QAIY 8c: ¥0d20-£1-60
(4) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the
Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date
with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall, upon such expiration, be
recomputed as if: ,

a) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common issued were the shares of Common Stock, if
any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually
received by the Company for the issue of such exercised Options p lus the consideration actually
received by the Company upon such exercise or for the issue of all such Convertible Securities which
were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually received by
the Company upon such conversion or exchange, and

b) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, only
the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of
issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Company for the Additional Shares of

Common deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the Company _

for the issue of such exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been received by the
Company ( determined p ursuant to S ection 3 -4(d)(v)) upon the issue of the Convertible Securities
with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; and

(5) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in
the Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of
business on such record date, and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this
Section 3.4(d)(iii) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares
of Common. In the event this Company shall issue Additional Shares of Common (including
Additional Shares of Common deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 3.4(d)(iii)) without
consideration or for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price of a series of
Preferred Stock in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue, then, the Conversion
Price of the affected series of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a
price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction,
the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such issue plus the number of shares which the aggregate consideration received by the
Company for the total number of Additional Shares of Common So issued would purchase at such
Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common
so issued. ‘Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be reduced at such time if
the amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01, but any such amount shall be carried
forward, and a reduction will be made with respect to such amount at the time of, and together with,
any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any other amounts so carried
forward, equal $0.01 or more in the aggregate. For the purposes of this Section 3.4(d)(iv), all shares

WSGR: 2289214_1 -8-

NI
___.-|__
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding Options or the conversion of outstanding
Convertible Securities and shares of Preferred Stock, and all Additional Shares of Common deemed
issued pursuant to Section 3.4(d)(iii) hereof, shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 3.4(d),

the consideration received by the Company for the issue (or deemed issue) of any Additional Shares
of Common shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Company excluding amounts paid or payable for accrued
interest or dividends;

b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors; and

c) ‘inthe event Additional Shares of Common are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Company for consideration which

covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses
(a) and (b) above, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per
share received by the Company for Additional Shares of Common deemed to have been issued
pursuant to Section 3.4(d)(iii) shall be determined by dividing

-a) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the
Company as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum

aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without
regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable
to the Company upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities by

b) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as
set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a

subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(e) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the event
the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock spht, by payment of a stock
dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price of
each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision s hall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the
outstanding shares of Common Stock shail be combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a
lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to such

WSGR: 2289214_1 -9-

GAJU Be: 7Odc0-£1-60
combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

(f) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. In the
event the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be subdivided (by
stock split, by payment of a stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of
Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the affected
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise)
into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and
Liquidation Preference of the affected series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such
combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

(g) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to
Section 3.3 above (the “Liquidation Rights”), if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or
classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a
subdivision or combination of shares provided for above), then, in any such event, in lieu of the
number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to
receive, each holder of such Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such shares of
Preferred Stock into a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock which a holder of the
number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock
immediately before that change would have been entitled to receive in such reorganization or
reclassification, al] subject to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares.

(h) No Impairment. The Company will not through any reorganization, transfer of
assets, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by
the Company but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this
Section 3.4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect
the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment. Notwithstanding, the
foregoing, nothing in this Section 3.4(h) shall prohibit the Company from amending its Articles of
Incorporation with the requisite consent of its shareholders and the board of directors.

(i) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 3.4, the Company at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish
to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the
Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
Preferred Stock.

WSGR: 2289214_1 -10-

GAIY 82: 70d20-£1-60
G) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock
may be waived, either prospectively or retroactively and either generally or in a particular instance,
by the consent or vote of the holders of the majority of the outstanding shares of such series. Any
such waiver shall bind all future holders of shares of such series of Preferred Stock.

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock, the Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of
its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose. .

3.5 Voting.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together
and not as separate classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law, there
shall be no series voting.

(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred
Stock held by such holder could be converted as of the record date. The holders of shares of the
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled
‘to vote. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Company. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and
any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which
shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be disregarded.

(d) Election of Directors. The number of directors of the Company shall be fixed
from time to time according to the Company’s Bylaws. Shareholders do not have the right to
cumulate their votes for the election of directors and elections need not be by written ballot unless
required by the Bylaws or applicable law.

(e) Adjustment in Authorized Common Stock. The number of authorized shares of
Common S tock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding) by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the
Company.

(f) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to
one vote for each share thereof held.

WSGR: 2289214_1 -ll-

GAJY 82: 70d20-£1-60
3.6 Protective Provisions. As long as any of the Preferred Stock shall be issued and
outstanding, the Company shail not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent
as provided by law) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock:

(a) authorize or issue any security with rights having preference superior to the
Preferred Stock; ,

(b) alter or change the rights, preferences and privileges of the Preferred Stock; or

(c) sell all or substantially all of its properties or merge into or consolidate with

any other corporation or entity in which more the 50% of the voting power of the Company is
transferred.

ARTICLE IV

4.1 Limitation of Directors’ Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by the Act, as the
same now exists or may hereafter be amended, no director of this Company shall be personally liable

to this Company or its shareholders for monetary damages for any action taken or any failure to take
any action, as a director.

4.2 Indemnificiation. The Company shall indemnify every person who is or was a
director or o fficer, s enior employee or agent of the Company (each of which, together with such
person’s heirs, estate, executors, administrators and personal representatives, is hereinafter referred
to as an “Indemnitee’’) against all liability to the fullest extent permitted by the Act. The Company
shall, to the fullest extend permitted by the Act, pay for or reimburse the reasonable expenses
incurred by every Indemnitee who is a party to a proceeding in advance of final disposition of the
proceeding. The foregoing indemnification and advance of expenses of each Indemnitee shall apply

to service in the Indemnitee’s official capacity with the Company, and to service at the Company’s ©

request, while also acting in an official capacity with the Company, as a director, officer, partner,
member, manager, trustee, employee, or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation,

partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise,
whether for profit or not.

4.3 Amendment or Repeal of Limitation. Any amendment or repeal of this Article IV or
the adoption of any other provision of the Articles of Incorporation which has the effect of increasing
director liability shall] operate prospectively only and shall not effect any action taken, or failure to

act, by a director of this Company prior to such amendment, repeal, or other provision becoming
effective.

WSGR: 2289214_1 -12-

GAY 82: ¥0d20-<1-60
