10642506 ~V
FILED
‘n the office of the Secretary of Sta’

?P\BIZO7 of the State of Calife mia

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION MAR 29 2096
OF

ATTUNE SYSTEMS, INC.

The undersigned, Alan Kessler and Francesco Lacapra, certify that:

l. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Attune Systems, Inc., a California corporation.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this Corporation are amended and restated to read
in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is Attune Systems, Inc. (hereinafter, the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE 1]

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE Ill

A. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock") and Common Stock (“Common Stock”). The
total number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 97,700,000.
The total number of shares of Common Stock the Corporation shall have authorily to issue is
53.000,000 with no par value. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock the Corporation
shall have authority to issue ts 44,700,000 with no par value.

B. The Preferred Stock shall be divided into series. The first series shall consist of
6,800,000 shares and is designated “Series A Preferred Stock.” The second series shall consist
of 30,700,000 shares and is designated “Series B Preferred Stock.” The third series shall consist
of 7,200,000 shares and is designated “Seres B-1 Preferred Stock.”

Cc. The powers, preferences, rights, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating
to the Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends.

{a} — The holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends at the rate of $0.048 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitatizations and similar events with respect to such shares) per annum,
payable out of funds legally available therefor and in preference to any distribution of dividends

TN aa Wt?
to the holders of Series A Preferred Sinck and Common Stock. Such dividends shall be payable
only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors, shall not be cumulative, and no right
shall accrue to holders of Series B Preferred Stock or Series B-1 Preferred Stock by reason of the
fact that dividends on said shares are not deciared in any prior year, nor shall any undeclared or
unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest. No dividends (other than those payable solely in the
Common Stock of the Corporation) shall be paid cn any Series A Prefeited Stock or Common
Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year of the Corporation unless and until dividends in
the wnount of $0.048 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) on the Series B Preferred Stock
and Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall have been paid, or declared and set apart. during that fiscal
year pursuant to this Section C.1(a).

(b) Thereafter, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends at the rate of $0.3072 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of
funds legally available therefor and in preference to any distribution of dividends to the holders
of Common Stock. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board
of Directors, shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of Series A Preferred
Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year, nor
shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest. No dividends (other than those
payable solely in the Common Stock of the Corporation) shall be paid on any Common Stock of
the Corporation during any fiscal year of the Corporation unless and until dividends in the
amount of $0.3072 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits.
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred Stock
shall have been paid, or dec'ared and set apart, during that fiscal year pursuant to this
Section C.1(b). Thereafter, the holders of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stack, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled, if and when declared by the
Board of Directors. to share equally in dividends out of assets of the Corporation legally
available therefor, with Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1
Prefeired Stock being treated on an as-converted te Common Stock basis.

(c) In the event of a conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and/or Series 3-1 Preferred Stock pursuant to Section C.3 hereof, any declared and unpaid
dividends shall be paid at the election of the holder in cash or Common Stock at its then fair
market value, as determined by the Board of Directors.

(d) Each holder of Preferred Stock shalt be deemed to have consented, for purposes
of Sections 502 and 503 of the General Corporation Law of the State of California, to
distributions by th: Corporation in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock at
cost or below fair market value issued to or held by certain employees of, or consultants to, the
Corporation upon termination of their employment or services pursuat to agreements providing
for such repurchase; provided, that a majority of the Board of Directors has approved any such
repurchase under this subsection C.1(c).

2. Liquidation Preference. In the event of a voluntary or involuntary Liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or other event set forth in subsection (d) below
(referred to collectively us a “Liguidating Event"), the rights of holders of Series A Preferred

tw
'

MAOH ALS
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock. Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Common Stock of the
Corporation shall be as follows:

(a) Subject to the rights of future series of the Corporation's Preferred Stock, in the
event of any Liquidating Event, the holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Common Stock
or other junior equity security by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to
the sum of (i) the product of (y) the “Series B-1 Issue Price” for each outstanding share of
Series B-1 Preferred Stock and (z) 1.15, and (ii) an amount equal to all declared but unpaid
dividends en each such share of Series B-! Preferred Stock then held by them (the “Senes B-}

iquidatio nee”). If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Series B-| Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full per share Series B-1 Liquidation Preference, then the entire
assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall ve distributed ratably
among the holders of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, in an amount equal to ths proportion that
the product of the Series B-1 Liquidation Preference of each share of Series B-i Preferred Stock
and the number of such shares owned by each such holder bears to the total Series B-1
Liquidation Preference described in this Section C.2(a). The “Series B-] Issue Price” shall be
$0.60 per share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations or similar events with respect to such shares).

(b) Subject to the rights of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and future series of the
Corporation's Preferred Stock, in the event of any Liquidating Event, the holders of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of
the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock,
Common Stock or other junior equity security by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount
per share equal to the sum of (i) $0.60 for each outstanding share of Series 8 Preferred Stock (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations or similar events with
respect to such shares, the “Series B Issue Price”) and (ii) an amount equal to all declared hut
unpaid dividends on each share of Senes B Preferred Stock then held by them (the “Series B
Liquidation Preference”). If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full per share Series B Liquidation Preference, then the enure
assets and funds of the Corporation legality available for distribution shall be distributed zatably
among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, in an amount equal to the proportion that the
product of the Series B Liquidation Preference of each share of Series B Preferred Stock and the
number of such shares owned by each such holier bears to the total Series B Liquidation
Preference described in this Section C.2(b).

(c) Subject to the rights of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred
Stock and future series of the Corporation’s Preferred Stock, in the event of any Liquidating
Event, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference
to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of
Common Stock or other junior equity security by reason of their ownership thereof, an amaunt
per share equal to the sun of (i) $3.84 for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations. splits, recapitalizations or similar events with

THAD Mae Wad y+
respect to such shares, the “Series A Issue Price”) and (ii) an amount equal to all declared but
unpaid dividends on each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them (the “Series A
Liquidation Preference”). If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full per share Series A Liquidation Preference, then the entire
assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably
among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, in an amount equal to the proportion that the
product of the Series A Liquidation Preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock and the
number of such shares owned by each such holder bears to the total Series A Liquidation
Preference described in this Section C.2(c).

(d) After the distributions described in subsections (a), (b) and (c) above have been
paid, the remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to shareh.- Jers
shall be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock,
Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of
Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock).

(e) For purposes of this Section C.2, (i) any acquisixion of the Corporation by means
of a merger, consolidation, sale of the Corporation's stock or o:her reorganization of the
Corporation (or a series of such transactions which are related) (other than a transaction solely to
effect the reincorporation of the Corporation in another state or jurisdiction), if after giving effect
to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Corporation (or series of such
transactions which are related), the shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such
merger, consolidation or other reorganization do not represent more than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power (assuming the exercise of all outstanding options and warrants and the
conversion of all Convertible Securities (as defined below)) of the surviving or resulting entity
after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization or (ii) :he sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Corporation, shall be treated as a Liquidating Event and shall entitle the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock, Series B-! Preferred Stock and
Common Stock io receive at the closing cash, securitics or other property as specified in
Sections C.2(a), C.2(b), C.2(c) and C.2(d) hereof. “Convertibl: Securities” shall mean any
evidences of indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series B-! Preterted Stock) or other securities convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock.

(f) Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section C.2 shall be payable in
securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution shall be the fair market value
of such securities or other property as determined pursuant to Section C.2(g) below,

(g) In any of the events specified in this Section C.2, if the consideration received by
the Corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any secunues
shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions on
free marketability:

Heitup Wind
(A) — If traded on a securities exchange or the NASDAQ National Marl et
System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the : ecurities

on such excnange or systent over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days pricr to the
closing:

(B) — Lf agtively traded over-the-counter and not reported es a NASDAQ
National Market Security, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the clusing bid
prices over the thirty-day period ending three (3) davs prior to the closing: and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair ma ket value
thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors; provided, howe ver, that if
the holders of a majority of the outstanding Preierred Stock object to such valt ation, then
the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by thr

Corporation and the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding sha: :s of
Preferred Stock, voting as a class.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment let er or other
restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in C.2(g)(i)(A). (B) or (C) to reflect the a proximate
fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(h) In. the event of a liquidation of the Corporation, the liquidation distributions
described in Sections C.2(a), C.2(b). C.2(¢) and C.2(d) hereof shall be pzid in cash on the date
fixed for such liquidation. In the event of the sale of all or substantially all of the Cor >oration’s
assets, or a merger. consolidation, sale of the Corporation's stock or other reorganization of the
Corporation (cr series of such transactions which are related) (other than a transaction solely to
effect the reincorporation of the Corporation in another state or jurisdic’ on), the liquic ation
distributions described in Sections C.2(a), C.2(b). C.2(c) and C.2,.d) hereof shall be pa din cash
and/or the censideration received by the holders of Common Stock, in the same relativ +
proportion as received by the holders of Common Stock, on the date of the closing of such
transaction (or series of related transactions).

(1) In the event of a transaction to be treated as a Liquidating Event pursuar t to this
Section C.2, the Corporation shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock writter notice of
such impending transaction not later than twenty (20) days prior to the shareholcers’ m :eting
called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such tran: action,
whichever is earlier, and shall also notity suce holders in writing of the final approval cf such
transaction. The first of such notices shalt describe the material terms and conditions o; the
impending transactions and the provisions of this Section C.2. and the Corporation shal.
thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes to such terms. The
transaction shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the Corporation has
given the first notice provided for herein or souner than ten (10) days after the Corporati 3n has
given notice of any material changes provided for herein: provided. however. that such ¢ ertods
may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the shires of
Preferred Stock. voting as a single class.

wy

hap taeuiad
3. Conversion. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock
and Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as folluws (the “Conversion
Rights" ):

(a) Right To Convert. Subject to subsections (e) and (f), (i) each share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date
of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock,
into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by
dividing the Series A Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price in effect at the time that the
certificate is surrendered for conversion for the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A
Conversion Price”); (ii) each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option
of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series B Issue Price by
the Series B Conversion Price in effect at the time that the certificate is surrendered for
conversion for the Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Conversion Price’’); and (iit) each
share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at
any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer
agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
or Series B Preferred Stock (at the option of the holder) as is determined by dividing (y) the
product of the Series B-1 Issue Price and 1.15, by (z) the Series B-1 Issue Price in effect at the
time that the certificate is surrendered for conversion for the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, subject
to adjustment as set forth in subsections (d), (e) and (f) (the “Series B-]_ Conversion Price” and
together with the Series A Conversion Price and the Series B Conversion Price, the “Conversion
Prices"). The initial Scries A Conversion Price per share for shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be the Series A Issue Price and the initial Series B Conversion Price per share for shares of
Series B Preferred Stock shall be the Series B Issue Price, subject in each case to adjustment as
set forth in subsections (d). (e) and (f).

(b) Aytomatic Conversion.

(i) Scries A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stack. Each share of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price ang Series B
Conversion Price, respectively, immediately upon the earlier of (1) the date specified by vote or
writlen consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock then
outstanding and ¢ii) the closing of the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock in a firm
commitinent, underwritten public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act"), other than a registration relating solely to a transaction under
Rule 145 under the Securities Act or to an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, at a public
offering with proceeds to the Corporation (after underwriters’ discounts and expenses) of at least
$15,000,000 at 4 price per share of Common Stock equal to at least ten (10) times the Series B
Issue Price then in effect (as adjusted for any stuck dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) (such public offering, a

“Qualified Public Offering”).

tape WE s
(ii) Series B-1 Preferred Stock. Upon the initial issuance of the first share of
the next series of Pieferred Stock issued after the date (the “Series B-] Issue Date’) the first
share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock was issued (such series, the “Subsequent Preferred Stock’’).
each share of Series B-i Preferred Stock shall automatically be convened into either that number
of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series B Preferred Stock or into tnat number of fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Subsequent Preferred 5° -k, as determined by the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, obtained by dividing
(y) the product of the Series B-1 Issue Price and 1.15, by (z) either (1) the Series B Issue Price (if
the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock
determine that each share of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be converted into shares of
Series B Preferred Stock) or (2) the original per share purchase price of the Subsequent Preferred
Stock (if the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock
detennine that each share of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall he converted into shares of
Subsequent Preferred Stock). Such conversion will be deemed to have occurred as of the date
the first share of Subsequent Preferred Stock was first issued. In addition, to the extent not
previously converted into Series B Preferred Stock or Subsequent Preferred Stock as described
above, each share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into either that
number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series B Preferred Stock or into that number
of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as determined by vote or written
consent or agreement of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B-1
Preferred Stock, obtained by dividing (y) the product of the Series B-1 [ssue Price and 1.15. by
(z) the Series B-1 Con: ersiun Price. Such conversion will be deemed to have occurred as of the
date of or the date spec ified by the vote or written consent or agreement of the holders of at least
a majority of the outsta iding shares of Series B-} Preferred Stock. In addition, to the extent not
previously converted in-o Series B Preferred Stock, Subsequent Preferred Stock or Common
Stock as described above, immediately prior to the closing of a Qualified Public Offering, each
share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into that number of fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing (y) the product of the
Series B-1 Issue Price and 1.15, by (z) the Series B-1 Conversion Price.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Before any holder of Preferred Stock (a “Preferred Holder”) shal} be
entitled voluntarily to convert the same into shares of Common Stock or, in the case of
Series B-1 Preferred Stock, into shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Subsequent Preferred
Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor at the office of the
Corporation or of any transfer agent for such stock, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same and shall state therein the
number of shares to be converted and the name or names in which such holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, to
be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such
office to such Preferred Holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common
Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, to which such holder shall be entitled. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the
date of surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons
entitled to receive the shares of Commen Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, issuable

Rika Bree
upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such
shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, on such date.

(i) If the conversion is in connection with an underwrilten offering of
securities pursuant to the Securities Act, or any event or transaction that would constitute a
Liquidating Event of the Corporation as provided in Section C.2(e) above, the conversion may,
al the option of ary holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned
upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering or the
closing of such other event or transaction, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the
Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted
such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities or the
closing of such other event or transaction, as the case may he.

(d) Special Mandatory Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock Into Common Stock.

(i) Shares of Series A Preferred Stock (including all warrants, options and
convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance thereof) held by a holder (each,
a “Series A Holder”) who does not exercise in full its “Purchase Right’ (as defined below) shall
convert automatically into shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion
Price (or warrants, options or convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance of
shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price) in accordance with the
terms of this Section C.3(d). Each Series A Holder shall be entitled tc receive notice (the
Notice”), in the event that the Corporation shall propose to sell any securities at a price less than
the Series B-1 Conversion Price in effect at the time and having voting rights in the election of
the Corporation's Board of Directors (“Equity Securities”), of its right to purchase its “Pro Rata
Participation” (as described below) of such Equity Securities (the “Purchase Right”). The Notice
shall state (A) the Corporation's bona fide intention to sell such Equity Securities, (B) the
number of Equity Securities proposed to be sold, (C) the per share price of the Equity Securities
proposed to be sold, (D) other material terms of the offering and (E) the maximum number of
Equity Securities which such Series A Holder may purchase, assuming Pro Rata Participation.

(ii) For purposes of this Section C.3(d), each Series A Holder's “Pro Rata
Participation” shal! be calculated, and each Series A Holder shall have the right to purchase, that
number of shares of Equity Securities determined by multiplying the total number of Equity
Securities proposed to be sold by the Corporation by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock held by such Series A Holder as of the date of the Notice
(assuming full conversion and exercise of all convertible or exercisable securities held by wach
Series A Holder), and the denominator of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock
of the Corporation outstanding (assuming full conversion and exercise of all convertible or
exercisable securities) on the date of the Notice. A Series A Holder shall exevcise its Purchase
Right by providing the Corporation with written notice of exercise within three (3° business days
after the Notice is given (the “Notice Periud”), unless such date is extended by the affirmative
vote of holders of a majority in interest of the outstanding sheres of Series A Preferred Stock.

(iii) = The shares of Series A Preferred Stock (including all warrants, options and
convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance thereof) held by Series A
Holders who have not elected to exercise in full (A) their Purchase Right minus (B) the

-B-

Heylag tage t
difference, lo the extent such number is a positive number, between (1) the aggregate number of
shares of equity securities held by such halder as of immediately prior to the Series B-1 Issue
Date (excluding any and all shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock) and (2) such holder's Purchase
Right (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and similar
events with respect to such shares), pursuant to Section C.3(d){ii) hereof shall be automatically
convened, without any further action by such Series A Holders or the Corporation, into shares of
Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price (or warrants, options or
convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance of shares of Common Stock at
the then-effective Series A Conversion Price) upon the first closing of the sale of such Equity
Securities following the expiration of the Notice Period; provided, that such Series A Holders
shall retain any rights they may have with respect to dividends declared but unpaid on such
Series A Preferred Stock prior to such date. {n the event that any Series A Holder presents such
Series A Holder's Series A Preferred Stock certificate (or warrants, options or convertible
securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance thereof) for surrender to the Corporation or
its transfer agent upon such conversion into Common Stock, a certificate for the number of
shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock surrendered were
converted (or warrants, options or convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the
issuance of shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price) on such
conversion date will be promptly issued and delivered to such Series A Holder.

(iv) | Notwithstanding the foregoing. Equity Securities shall not include, the
Corporation shall not be required to send the Notice with respect to the issuance of, and this
Section C.3(d) and the Purchase Kight shall not apply to:

(A) — Sale and issuance of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, and the Preferred
Stock or Common Stock issuable upon the conversion thereof;

(B) — Any shares, warrants or options to purchase shares of the Corporation's
Stock issuable upon exercise of options or warrants, issued pursuant to any arrangement
approved by the Board of Directors, to employces, officers and directors of, or
consultants, advisors or other persons performing services for, the Corporation:

(C) — Shares of the Corporation's Common Steck or Preferred Stock of any
series issued in connection with any stock split, stock dividend, combination or
recapitalization of the Corporation:

(D) Common Stock issued upon exercise of warrants, options or convertible
securities if the issuance of such wartunts, options or convertible securities was a result of
the exercise of Purchase Rights;

{E) Any shares issuea or issuable in connection with adjustment of the
Conversion Prices;

(F) Shares of the Corporation's Common Stock or Preferred Stock of any
series issued in connection with any acquisition of another company by the Corporation;

(G) Any shares issued to financial institutions or lenders in connection with
the extension of credit to the Corporation (including loans, lines of credit, guarantees or

-9.

Upp log i)
other financing arrangements) or in connection with the lease of equipment, personal
property or real property and in each case for other than equity financing purposes;

(H) Any shares issued or issuable to lessors, recruiters, public relations
agencies or similar individuals or entities for other than equity financing purposes;

(1) Any shares issued or issuable in connection with transactions determined
by the Corporation’s Board of Directors to be strategic; or

(J) Securities sold to the public in an offering pursuant to a registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act.

(¢) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Stock Dividends and for Combi
Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that the Corporation at any time or frorn time to
time after the Senes B-! Issue Date shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on
the Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock for no
consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock), or in the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then the
Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to such event shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such event, be proportionately decreased or increased, as appropriate. In the
event that the Corporation shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the
Conunon Stock payable in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration, then the
Corporation shall be deemed to have made a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of
shares equal to the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of such nights to acquire
Common Stock.

(f) Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. Lf the Common Stock or
Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the sane
or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section C.3(f) hereof or a merger or other reorgamization referred to in
Section C.2(d) hereof), the Conversion Prices then in effect shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted so that the
Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in licu of the number of shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock that the halders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common
Stovk or Preferred Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion
of the Preferred Stock immediately before that change.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, except by a oroperly approved
amendment of its Amended and Restated Anicles of Incorporation or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock, voting as a class, avoid or seck to avoid the observance or performance of any

-10-

‘ee Ma ory
of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in
good faith assist in the carrying out of all of the provisions of this Section C.3 and in the taking
of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of
the helders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h) Certificates as to Adjustinents. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of any Conversion Prices pursuant to this Section C.3, the Corporation at its
expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and prepare and furnish to each Preferred Holder a certificate executed by the
Corporation's President or Chief Financial Officer setting forth such adjustment or readjustment
and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any Preferred Holder, furnish or cause
to be furnished to such Preferred Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and
readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Prices at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the cunversion of the Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall propose at any
time: (i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out
of earnings or earned surplus; (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to all holders of any class or
series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights; (tii) to
effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock outstanding involving a
change in the Common Stock: or (iv) to effect a Liquidating Event; then, in connection with each
such event, the Corporation shall send to the Preferred Holders:

(A) At Icast tifteen (15) days’ prior written notice of the date on which a
record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and specifying
the date on which the holders of Cummmon Stock and/or Preferred Stock shall be entitled
thereto) or for determining rights to vote, if any, in respect of the matters referred to in
(iit) and (iv) above: and

(B) In the case of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above, at least twenty
(20) days’ prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place (and specifying
the date on whici: the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their

Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such
event).

Gj) Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes that may
be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Preferred Stock. and shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock on conversion of Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided,
however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any
transfer requested by any holder in connection with any such conversion.

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shali at all
limes reserve and keep available aut of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock, solely fur the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of

Darboa ety
Preferred Stork, such number of its shares of Common Stock and Series B Preferred Stock as
shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversica of all outstanding shares of
Pic.crred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of Preferred Steck, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, 1n
the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized bul unissued shares of Common
Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock to such number of shares a shall be sufficient for such
purpose, including, without limitation, obtaining the requisite shareholder approval of any
necessary amendment to these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.

(1) Fractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon the conversion of any
share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock or Preferred
Stock, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise
entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date
of conversion (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

(m) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section C.3 to be given to
the Preferred Holders shall be deemed given five (5) days after the date mailed if deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holde? of record at the holder’s
address appearing on the books of the Corporation.

4. Vou ights: Directors.

(a) Subject to Section C.4(b) below, each Preferred Holder shall have the right to one
vote for each share of Common Stock into which such Preferred Holder's shares of Preferred
Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or written consent of shareholders.

With respect to such vote, such holder shall have full voting rights and powers equal to the
voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock (except as otherwise provided herein
or as required by law, voting together with the Common Stock as a single class), and shall be
entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any shareholders” meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled
to one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock held.

(b) Designation of Directors.

(i) The holders of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class (the
“Preferred Class"). shall be entitled to elect (and to remove, either for or withoul cause) two
(2) members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The holders of Common Stock,
voling separately as a single class (the “Common Class”). shall be entitled to elect one
(1) member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, All remaining members of the Board
of Directors of the Corporation shall be elected by the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders
of Common Stock, voting together as 4 single class and on an as-converted basis (the "Cembined

MINNVGB G4 4
Class"). Effective immediately upon the filing of this Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation, the number of authorized directors of the Corporation shall be seven (7).

(i3) In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring among the
directors elected by the Preferred Class, the Common Class or the Combined Class pursuant to
subparagraph (i) of paragraph (b) of this Section C.4, the holders of the shares of the Preferred
Class, the Common Class or the Combined Class, us the case may be, may elect a successor or
successors to hold the office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or
places shall be vacant, as set forth above. Any director who shail have been elected by the
Preferred Class, che Common Class or the Combined Class may be removed during the aforesaid
term of oftice, whether with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Class, the Common Class or the Combined Class,
respectively; provided, that the number of votes against removal is less than the number of votes

necessary to elect that director.

5. Restrictions and Limitations.

(a) Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the
Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders of at least a majority in
interest of the then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(i) Increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of any class of
stock;

(ii) Change the authorized number of directors constituting the Board of
Directors of the Corporation to a number other than seven (7);

(ii) Effectuate any Liquidating Event.

(iv) Declare or pay any dividend on the Preferred Stock or Common Stock;

(v) Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other equity security
(including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security) senior to or on
parity with the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series B-1 Preferred Stock

as to dividend rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences or otherwise:

(vi) | Take any action that alters or changes the rights, preferences, privileges or
restrictions of any series of Preterred Stock:

(vii) Redeem any shares of Common Stock, other than pursuant to equily
incentive agreements with service providers giving the Corporation the right to repurchase shares
upon the termination of services as approved by the Board of Directors;

(viii) Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation's Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative to any series of Preferred Stock; or

(ix) — Effect an initial public offering of the Carporation’s stock.

MID IGA 1d
(b) Scrics B Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Serics B Preferrec Stock
remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders

of at least a majority in interest of the then-outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting
together as a cluss:

(i) Take any action that alters or changes the rights, preferences, pnvileges or
restrictions of the Series B Preferred Stock: or

(ii) Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation's Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative to the Series B Preferred Stock.

(c) Series B-] Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders
of at least a majority in interest of the then-oulstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock,
voting together as a class:

(i) Take any action that alters or changes the rights. preferences, privileges or
restrictions of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock: or

(ii) = Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation's Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative to the Series B-1 Preferred Stock.

6. No Reissuance of Preferred . No share or shares of Preferred Stock acquired
by the Corporation by reason of redemption. purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.
and all such shares shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated from the shares which the
Corporation shall be authorized to issue and, in addition, the Articles of Incorporation shall be

appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation's authorized
stock.

7. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

Dz Limitation on Directors’ Liability. The liability of directors of the Corporation

for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

E. Indemnification of Corporate Agents. The Corporation is authorized to previde
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of
California) for oreach of duty to the Corporation and its shareholders through bylaw provisions,
agreements with agents or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by
Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of California, subject to the limits on such excess
indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the General Corporation Law of Califomia. If. after
the effective date of this Article, California law is amended in a manner which permuits a
company to limit the monetary or other liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification
of, or advancement of such defense expenses to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to
a greater extent than is permitted on such effective date, the references in this Article to
“California law” shall to that extent be deemed to refer to California law as so amended.

ld.

HeNdOR tryed

F. Repeal or Modification. Any amendment. repeal or modidication of any provision
of this Article UI shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Corporation
existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification,

3. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has
been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

4, The foregoing amendment and restatement of Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of
the Corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was 1,000,522. The
total number of cutstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
with respect to the foregoing amendment was 3,475,177. The total number of outstanding shares
of Scries B Preferred Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing
amendment was 19,662,335. The number of shares vot'ng in favor of the amendment cqualed or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was (i) more than fifty percent (50%)
of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a single
class. (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting
together as a single class, (iti) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, (iv) more than fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock. voting together as a single class and (v) more
than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.

{Remainder of page intentionally left blank. }

Ta Wo Wirt
We further deciare under penalty of perjury under the lawa of the State of California that
the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Dated: March 29, 2006.

Alan Kessler
President

Francesco
Secretary

-18-
PORI HEF 1
