A063262)| Ts
FILED
, ; . in the office of the Secretary of State
2\8) 407 of the State of Califomia
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION |» AUG 2 4 2008
OF
ATTUNE SYSTEMS, INC.

The undersigned, Alan Kessler and Francesco Lacapra, certify that:

I. They are the duly clected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Altune Systems, Inc., a California corporation.
2. The Articles of Incorporation of this Corporation are amended and restated to read

in full as follows:
ARTICLE |
The name of the Corporation is Attune Systems, Inc. (hereinafter, the “Corporation”.
ARTICLE 1)

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorperated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE

A. Effective immediately upon the filing of this Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation, the following events shall occur with respect to the Corporation's then issued and
outstanding capital stock:

{. Reverse Stock Split. Every four (4) shares of common stock of the Corporation
issued and outstanding al such time shall be, and hereby are, changed and combined into one (1)
fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock of the Corporation and every
four (4) shares of preferred stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding at such time shall be,
and hereby are, changed and combined into one (1) fully paid and non-assessable share of
preferred stock of the Corporation (the “Reverse Stock Split”). Each outstanding stock
certificate of the Corporation which, immediately prior to the time this Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation becomes effective, represented one or more shares of common stock or
preferred stock of the Corporation, as the case may be, shall thereafter be deemed to represent
the appropriate number of shares of common stock or preferred stock of the Corporation, as the
case may be, taking into account the Reverse Stock Split, until such stock certificate is
exchanged for a new stock certificate reflecting the appropriate number of shares resulting from
the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split shall be
rounded down to the nearest whole share.

60! (O27 v3
2. Reclassification, Atter giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split referenced in
Section A.| above, each share of Series | Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at such time
shall be, and hereby is, changed and reclassified into one (1) fully paid and non-assessable share
of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Reclassification”). Each outstanding stock certificate of the
Corporation which, tmmediately prior to the time this Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation becomes effective, represented shares of Series | Preferred Stock shall thereafter
represent shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

B. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common Stock”). The
total number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 64,450,000.
The total number of shares of Common Stock the Corporation shall have authority to issue is
35,000,000 with no par value. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock the Corporation
shall have authority to issue is 29,450,000 with no par value.

Cc. The Preferred Stock shall be divided into series. The first series shall ccnsist of
6,800,000 shares ard is designated “Serics A Preferred Stock.” The second series shail consist
of 22,650,000 shares and is designated “Series B Preferred Stock.”

D. The powers, preferences. rights, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating
to the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock are as follows (after taking into
account the Reverse Stock Split and the Reclassification):

I. Dividends.

(a) The holders of Series B Prefcrred Stock shail be entitled to receive dividends al
the rate of $0.048 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of funds
legally available therefor and in preference to any distribution of dividends to the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as,
and if declared by the Board of Directors, shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to
holders of Series B Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not
declared in any prior year, nor shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest.
No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the Corporation) shall be
paid on any Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year
of the Corporation unless and until dividends in the amount of $0.048 per share (as adjusted for
any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and similar events with respect lo
such shares) on the Series B Preferred Stock shal) have been paid, or declared and set apart,
during that fiscal year pursuant to this Section D.I(a).

(b) Thereafter, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends at the rate of $0.3072 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) per annum, payable oul of
funds legally available therefor and in preference to any distribution of dividends to the holders
of Common Stock. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board
of Directors, shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of Series A Preferred
Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in avy prior year, nor

tw

HOH LOOIIV
shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest. No dividends (other than those
payable solely in the Common Stock of the Corporation) shall be paid on any Common Stock of
the Corporation during any fiscal year of the Corporation unless and until dividends in the
amount of $0.3072 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred Stock
shail have been paid, or declared and set apart, during that fiscal year pursuant to this Section
D.1(b). Thereafter, the holders of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled, if and when declared by the Board of Directors, to share equally
in dividends out of assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, with Series A Preferred
Stock and Scries B Preferred Stock being treated on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.

(c) In the event of 2 conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B
Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3 hereof, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid al
the election of the holder in cash or Common Stock at its then fair market valuc, as determined
by the Board of Directors.

(d) Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for purposes
of Sections 502 and 503 of the General Corporation Law of the State of California, to
distributions by the Corporation in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock at
cost or below fair market value issued to or held by certain employces of, or consultants to, the
Corporation upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing
for such repurchase; provided, that a majority of the Board of Directors has approved any such
repurchase under this subsection (d).

2. Liquidation Preference. In the event of a volantary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or other event set forth in subsection (d) below
(referred to collectively as a “Liquidating Event”), the rights of holders of Series A Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock of the Corporation shall be as follows:

(a) Subject to the rights of future series of the Corporation's Preferred Stock, in the
event of any Liquidating Event, the holders of Serics B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Common Stock or other junior equity
security by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) $0.60
for each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations or similar events with respect to such sharcs, the “Series B
Issue Price”) and (ii) an amount equal to ail declared but unpaid dividends on each share of
Series B Preferred Stock then held by them (the “Series B Liquidation Preference”). If, upon the
occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distribited among the holde:s of the Series P
Preferred Stack shall be insufficiens to permit the payment to such halders of the full per share
Serics B Liquidation Preferencc, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporati. legally
available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred
Stock, in an amount equal to the proportion that the product of the Series B Liquidation
Preference of each share of Series B Preferred Stock and the number of such shares owned by
cach such holder bears to the total Series B Liguidation Preference described in this
Section D.2(a).

C1273
(b) Subject to the rights of the Series B Preferred Stock and future series of the
Corporation's Preferred Stock, in the event of any Liquidating Event, the holders of Series A
Preterred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of
the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock or other junior
equity security by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of
(1) $3.84 for cach outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits. recapitalizations or similar events with respect to such shares,
the “Series A Issue Price”) and (ii) an amount equal to al} declared but unpaid dividends on each
share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them (the “Series A Liquidation Preference’). If,
upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
per share Series A Liquidation Preference, then the entire asseis and funds of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock, in an amount equal to the proportion that the product of the Series A
Liquidation Preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock and the number of such shares
owned by cach such holder bears to the total Series A Liquidation Preference described in this
Section D.2(a).

(c) After the distributions described in subsections (a) and (b) above have been paid,
the remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to shareholders shall be
distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and
Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each
(assuming conversion of all such Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock).

(d) For purposes of this Section D.2, (i) any acquisition of the Corporation by means
of a merger, consolidation, sale of the Corporation's stock, or other reorganization of the
Corporation (or a series of such transactions which are related) (other than a transaction solely to
effect the reincorporation of the Corporation in another state or jurisdiction), if after giving effect
io such merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Corporation (or series of such
transactions which are related), the shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such
merger, consolidation or other reorganization do not represent more than fifty percent (50%) of
the voling power (assuming the exercise of all outstanding options and warrants and the
con -zrsion of all Convertible Securities (as defined below)) of the surviving or resulting entity
after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization or (ii) the sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Corporation, shall be treated as a Liquidating Event and shall entitle the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock fo receive at
the closing cash, securities or other property as specified in Sections D,2(a), D.2(b) and D.2(c)
hereof. “Convertible Securities” shal] mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares (other than
Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Pre“2rred Stock) or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(e) Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section D.2 shall be payable in

securities or property other thin cash, the value of such distribution shall be the fair market value
of such securities or other property as determined pursuant to Section 1).2(f) below.

OW TOO? V)
(f) In any of the events specified in this Section D.2, if the consideration received by
the Corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market valuc. Any securities
shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions on
free markelabilily:

(A) — Tf traded on a securities exchange or the NASDAQ National Market
System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities
on such exchange or system over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing:

(B) — Lf actively traded over-the-counter and not reported as a NASDAQ
National Market Security, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid
prices over the thirly-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

{C) If there is no active public market, the value shail be the fair market value
thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors; provided, however, if the
holders of a majority of the outstanding Preferred Stock object to such valuation then the
value shall be the fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by the Corporation
and the halders of not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
voling as a class.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or other
restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate
discount from the market value determined as above in (i)(A), (B) or (C) to reflect the
approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(2) In the event of a liquidation of the Corporation, the liquidation distributions
described in Sections D.2(a) and D.2(c) hereof shall be paid in cash on the date fixed for such
liquidation, In the event of the sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets, or a
merger, consolidation, sale of the Corporation's stock or other reorganization of the Corporation
(or seties of such transactions which are related) (other than a transaction solely to effect the
reincorporation of the Corporation in another state or jurisdiction), the liquidation distributions
described in Sections D.2(a) and D.2(c) hereof shall be paid in cash and/or the consideration
recvived by the holders of Common Stock, in the same relative proportion as received by the
holders of Common Stock, on the date of the closing of such transaction (or series of related
transactions).

(h) In the event of a transaction to be treated as a Liquidating Event pursuant to this
Section D.2, the Corporation shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of
such impending transaction not later than twenty (20) days prior to the sharcholders’ meeting
called to approve such Wansaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such transaction,
whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holdets in writing of the final approval of such
transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and conditions of the

GM 102703
impending transactions and the provisions of this Section D.2, and the Corporation shall
thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes to such terms. The
transaction shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the Corporation has
given the firsi notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the Corporation has
given notice of any material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that such periods
may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of
Preferred Stock, voting as a single class.

3. Conversion. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right To Convert. Subject to subsections (f) and (g), (i) each share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date
of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock,
into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by
dividing the Series A ' sue Price by the Series A Conversion Price in effect at the time that the
certificate is surrendered for conversion for the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A
Conversion Price’); and (11) each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of
the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Scries B Issue Price by
the Series B Conversion Price in effect at the time that the certificate is surrendered for
conversion for the Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Conversion Price” and together with
the Series A Conversion Frice, the “Conversion Prices”). The initial Series A Conversion Price
per share for shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be the Series A Issue Price, and the initial
Series B Conversion Price per share for shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be the Series B
Issue Price, subject in each case to adjustment as set forth in subsections (e) and (g).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stack shal] automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then-
effective Series A Conversion Price and Series B Conversion Price, respectively, immediately
upon the earlier of (i) the date specified by vote or written consent or agreement of the holders of
a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding and (ii) the closing of the sale of the
Corporation's Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering registered
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act’), other than a registration
relating solely to a transaction under Rule 145 under the Securities Act or to an employee benefit
plan of the Corporation, at a public offering with proceeds to the Corporation (after underwriters’
discounts and expenses) of at Jeast $15,000,000 at a price per share of Common Stock equal to at
least ten (10) times the Series B Issue Price (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) then in effect.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Before any holder of Preferred Stock (a "Preferred Holder”) shall be
entitled voluntarily to convert the same imto shares of Common Stock, such holder shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor at the office of the Corporation or of any
transfer agent for such stock, and shall give written notice (o the Corporation at such

604 10027763
office that such holder elects to convert the same and shall state therein the number of
shares to be converted and the name or names in which such holder wishes the certificate
or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon
as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such Preferred Holder, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder
shall be entitled. Such conversion shall be Ceemed to have been made immediately prior
10 the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and/or Series B Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for
all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such
date.

(ii) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of
securities pursuant to the Sccuritics Act, or any event or transaction that would constitute
a Liquidating Event of the Corporation as provided in Section D.2(d) above, the
conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and/or Series B Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the
underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering or the closing of such other
event or transaction, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock shall not
be deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred
Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities or the closing of
such other event or transaction, as the case may be.

(d) Special Mandatory Conversion Into Common Stock Prior to the Lapse of the Pre-
Series B Notice Period.

fi) Prior to the lapse of the Pre-Series B Notice Period (as defined below),
shares of Series A Preferred Stock (including all warrants, options and convertible
securilies exercisable or convertible for the issuance thereof) held by a holder who docs
not exercise at least seventy-five percent (75%) of its Pre-Serics B Purchase Right (as
defined below) shall convert automatically into shares of Common Stock at the then-
effective Series A Conversion Price (or warrants, options or convertible securities
exercisable or convertible for the issuance of shares of Cominon Stock at the then-
effective Series A Conversion Price) in accordance with the terms of this Section D.3(d).
Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shal! be entitled to receive notice (the “Pre-
Series B Notice”), in the event that the Corporation shall propose to sell after August 1,
2005, the next new series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation after the Series A
Preferred Stock (“Pre-Series B Equity Securities”), of its right to purchase its “Pre-Series
B pro rata participation” (as described below) of such Pre-Series B Equity Securities (the
“Pre-Series B Purchase Right”). The Pre-Serics B Notice shall state (A) the
Corporation's bona fide intention to sell such Pre-Series B Equity Securities, (B) the
number of Pre-Series B Equity Securities proposed to be sold, (C) the per share price of
the Pre-Series B Equity securities proposed to be sold, (D) other material terms of the
offering, (E) the maximum number of Pre-Series B Equity Securities which each holder
may purchase, assuming pro rata participation and (F) the anticipated closing date of the
sale.

GAM [00276 4
(ii) For purposes of this Section D.3(d), each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock’s “Pre-Serics B pro rata participation” shall be calculated, and each holder of
Series A Preferred Stock shal! have the right to purchase, that nuntber of shares of Fre-
Series B Equity Securities determined by multiplying the total nuniber of Pre-Scries B
Equity Securities proposed to be sold by the Corporation by a fraction. the numerator of
which is the number of shares of Common Stock held by such holder of Series A
Preferred Stock as of the date of the Pre-Series B Notice (assuming full conversion and
exercise of all convertible or exercisable securities held by such holder), and the
denominator of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation
outstanding (assuming full conversion and exercise of all convertible or exercisable
securities) on the date of the Pre-Series B Notice. A holder of Series A Preferred Stock
shall exercise its Pre-Series B Purchase Right by providing the Corporation with written
notice of exercise within three (3) business days after the Notice is given (the “Pre-Scrie¢s
B Notice Period”), unless such date is extended by the affirmative vote of holders of a
majority in interest of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(iii) = The shares of Series A Preferred Stock Ginclucting all warrants, options and
convertible securities exercisuble or convertible for the issuance thereof) held by holders
who have not elected to exercise at least seventy-five percent (75%) of their Pre-Scries B
Purchase Right pursuant to Section D.3(d)(ii) hereof shal! 2¢ automatically converted,
without any further action by such holders of Series A Prcferred Stock or the
Corporation, into shares of Common Stock at the then-effeetive Series A Conversion
Price (or warrants, options or convertible securities exercisable or convertible for he
issuance of shares of Common Stock al the then-¢effective Sens A Conversion Pricc)
upon the first closing of the sale of such Pre-Series B Equity Securities following the
expiration of the Pre-Series B Notice Period, provided such holders of Series A Preferred
Stock shall retain any rights they may have with respect to dividends declared but unpaid
on such Series A Preferred Stock prior to such date. In the event that any holder of Series
A Preferred Stock presents such holder's Series A Preferred Stock certificate (or
warrants, options or convertible securities exercisable er cenvertible for the issuance
thereof) for surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent upon such conversion into
Common Stock, a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock surrendered were converted (or warrants, Gplions or
convertible securities exercisabie or convertible for the issuance of shares of Common
Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price) on such conversion date will be
promptly issued and delivered to such holder.

(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing rre-Series B Equity Securities shall not
include, the Corporation shall not be required to send the Pre-Series B Notice with
respect to the issuance of, and this Section D.3(d) and the Pre-Series B Purchase Right
shall not apply to:

(A) Sale and issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion thereof;

(B) Any shares, warrants or options to purchase shares of the Corporation's
Stock issuable upon exercise of options or warrants, issued pursuant to any arrangement

AO O07 y 3
approved by the Board of Directors, to employees, officers and directors of, or
consultants, advisors or other persons performing services for, the Corporation:

(C) — Shares of the Corporation's Common Stock or Preferred Stock of any
series issued in connection with any stock split, stock dividend, combination or
recapitalization of the Corporation,

(D) Common Stock issued upon exercise of warrants, options or convertible
securities if the issuance of such warrants, options or convertible securities was a result of
the exercise of Pre-Seriecs B Purchase Rights;

(E) — Any shares issued or issuable in connection with adjustment of the
Series A Conversion Price;

(F) — Shares of the Corporation's Common Stock or Preferred Stock of any
series issued in connection with any acquisition of another company by the Corporation:

(G) Any shares issued to financial institutions or lenders in connection with
the extension of eredit to the Corporation (inciuding loans. lines of credil, guarantees or
other financing arrangements) or in connection with the lease of equipment, personal
property or real property and in each case for other than equity financing purposes;

(H) Any shares issued or issuable to lessors, recruiters, public relations
agencies or similar individuals or entities for other than cquity financing purposes;

(1) Any shares issued or issuable in connection with transactions determined
by the Corporation’s Board of Directors to be strategic; or

. (J) Securities sold to the public in an offering pursuant to 4 registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Act.

(c) Special Mandator fter the Lapse of the Pre-

Series B Notice Period.

(i) After the lapse of the Pre-Series B Notice Period, shares of Series A
Preferred Stock (including all warrants, options and convertible securities exercisable or
convertible for the issuance thereof) held by a holder who does not exercise in full its
Purchase Right (as defined below) shall convert automatically into shares of Common
Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price (or warrants, options or convertible
securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance of shares of Common Stock at the
then-effective Series A Conversion Price) in accordance with the terms of this Section
D.3(c). Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive notice (the
“Notice”), ia the event ihat the Corporation shall propose, after the lapse of the Pre-Serivs
B Notice Period, to sell any securities al a price less than the Series B Conversion Price in
effect at the time and having voting rights in the election of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors (“Equity Securities”), of its right to purchase its “pro rata participation” (as
described below) of such Equity Securities (the “Purchase Right”). The Notice shall state
(A) the Corporation's bona fide intention to sell such Equity Securities, (B) the number

CAH IOOI Fy §
of Equity Securilies proposed to be sold, (C) the per share price of the Equity securities
proposed to be sold, (D) other material terms of the offering, and (E) the maximum
number of Equity Securities which each holder may purchase, assuming pro rata
participation.

(ii) For purposes of this Section D.3(c), cach holder of Series A Preferred
Stock’s “pro rata participation” shall be calculated, and each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock shall have the right to purchase, thal aumber of shares of Equity Securities
determined by multiplying the total number of Equity Securities proposed to be sold by
the Corporation by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of
Common Stock held by such holder of Series A Preferred Stock as of the date of the
Notice (assuming full conversion and exercise of all convertible or exercisable securities
held by such holder), and the denominator of which is the total number of shares of
Common Stock of the Corporation outstanding (assuming full conversion and exercise of
all convertible or exercisable securities) on the date of the Notice. A holder of Series A
Preferred Stock shail exercise its Purchase Right by providing the Corpoiation with
writicn notice of exercise within three (3) business days after the Notice is given (the
“Notice Period”), unless such date is extended by the affirmative vote of holders of a
majority in interest of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(iii) | The shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock (including all warrants, options and
convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance thereof) held by holders
who have not elected to exercise in full (A) their Purchase Right minus (B) the
difference, to the extent such number is a positive number, between (1) the aggregate
number of shares of Pre-Series B Equity Securities held by such holder and (2) such
holder's Pre-Series B Purchase Right (as adjusted for any stock dividends. combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares), pursuant to
Section D.3(e)(ii) hereof shall be automatically converted, without any further action by
such holders of Series A Preferred Stock or the Corporation, into shares of Common
Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price (or warrants, options or convertible
securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance of shares of Common Stock at the
then-effective Series A Conversion Price) upon the first closing of the sale of such Equity
Securities following the expiration of the Notice Period, provided such holders of Series
A Preferred Stock shalf retain any rights they may have with respect to dividends
declared but unpaid on such Series A Preferred Stock prior to such date. In the event that
any holder of Series A Preferred Stock presents such holder's Series A Preferred Stock
certificate (or warrants, options or convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the
issuance thereof) for surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent upon such
conversion into Common Stock, a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock
into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock surrendered were converted (cr
warrants, options or convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance of
shares of Common Stock al the then-effective Series A Conversion Price) on such
conversion date will be promptly issued and delivered to such holder.

(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Equily Securities shall not include, the
Corporation shall not be required to send the Notice with respect to the issuance of, and
this Section D.3(c) and the Purchase Right shall not apply to:

-I-
Oth ICHIS Fy 2
(A) — Sale and issuance of the Serics A Preferred Stock and Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion thereof;

(B) = Any shares. warrants or options to purchase shares of the Corporation's
Stock issuable upon exercise of options or warrants, issued pursuant to any arrangement
approved by the Board of Directors, to employees, officers and directors of, or
consultants, advisors or other persons performing services for, the Corporation;

(C) — Shares of the Corporation's Common Stock or Preferred Stock of any
series issued in connection with any stock split, stock dividend, combination or
recapitalization of the Corporation;

(D) Common Stock issued upon exercise of warrants, options or convertible
securities if the issuance of such warrants, options or convertible securities was a result of
the exercise of Purchase Rights,

(E) ~~ Any shares issued or issuable in connection with adjustment of the
Conversion Prices;

(F) — Shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock or Preferred Stock of any
series issued in connection with any acquisition of another company by the Corporation;

(G) — Any shares issued to financial institutions or lenders in connection with
the extension of credit to the Corporation (including loans, lines of credit, guarantees or
other financing arrangements) or in connection with the lease of equipment, personal
property or real property and in each case for other than equity financing purposes;

(H) — Any shares issued or issuable to lessors, recruiters, public relations
agencics or similar individuals or entities for other than equity financing purposes;

() Any shares issued or issuable in connection with transactions determined
by the Corporation’s Board of Directors to he strategic; or

(J) Securities sold to the public in an offering pursuant to a registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Act.

(f) Adjustments to Conversjon Price for Sieck Dividends and for Combinations or
Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that the Corporation at any time or from time to
lime after the Original Issue Date (defined below) shall declare or pay, without consideration,
any dividend on the Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire
Common Stock for no consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification
or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any night to acquire
Common Stock), or in the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock sha! be combined or
consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser nuntber of shares of Common Stock,
then the Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to such event shall, concurrently with the
eftectiveness of such event, be proportionately decreased or increascd, as appropriate. In the
event that the Corporation shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the

[te
G17 V3
Common Stock payable in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration, then the
Corporation shall be deemed to have made a dividend payabie in Common Stock in an amount of
shares equal to the maximum numober of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire
Common Stock. “Original Issue Date” shall mean August 25. 2005.

(g) Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall be
changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock.
whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or
combination of shares provided for in Section D.3(f) hereof or a inerger or other reorganization
referred to in Section D.2(d) hereof). the Conversion Prices then in effect shall. concurrently
with the effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted so
that the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of
the number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to
receive, a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion
of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock immediately before that change.

(h) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, except by a properly approved
amendment of its Amenc'ed and Restated Articles of Incorporat’on or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolv <ion, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock, voting as a class, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any
of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in
good faith assist in the carrying out of all of the provisions of this Section D.3 and in the taking
of all such acticn as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock against impairment.

(i) Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of any Conversion Prices pursuant to this Section D.3, the Corporation at its
expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and prepare and furnish to each Preferred Holder a certificate executed by the
Corporation's President or Chief Financial Officer setting forth such adjustment or readjustment
and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any Preferred Holder, furnish or cause
to ke furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and
readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Prices at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received
upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock.

(j) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall propose at any
time: (i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock. whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out
of earnings or earned surplus: (ii) to offer for suoscription pro rata to the holders of any class or
series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights; (iii) to
effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock outstanding involving a

604 1002 7v3
change in the Common Stock; or (iv) to effect a Liquidating Event; then, in connection with each
such event, the Corporation shall send to the Preferred Holders:

(A) At least fifteen (15) days* prior written notice of the date on which a
record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and specifying
the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for
determining rights to vote, if any, in respect of the matters referred to in (iii) and
(iv) above, and

(B) Inthe case of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above, at least twenty
(20) days’ prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place (and specifying
the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their
Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such
event).

(k) Issue Taxes. The Ccrzporation shalj pay any and all issue and other taxes that may
be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Scries A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock, and shares of Common Stock on conversion of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be
obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested by any holder in
connection with any such conversion.

re) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion, The Corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such number
of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of
all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in
the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose, including, without
limitation, obtaining ihe requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.

(m) Fractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon the conversion oi any
share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions thereof)
issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B
Preferred Stock by a holder thercof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the
conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned
aggregation, the conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common
Stock, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise
entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date
of conversion (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

(n) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section D.3 to be given to
the Preferred Holders shall be deemed given five (5) days after the date mailed if deposited in the

-13-
eae GOUT V4

United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at the holder’s
address appearing on the books of the Corporation.

4. Voting Rights; Directors.

(a) Subject to Section D.4(b) below, each Preferred Holder shai :iave the right to one
vote for each share of Common Stock inte which such Preferrec Holder's shares of Preferred
Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or written consent of shareholders.
With respect to such vote, such h:- der shal] have full voting rights and powers equal to the
voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock (except «s otherwise provided herein
or as required by law, voting together with the Common Stock as a single class), and shall be
entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any saareholders’ meeting in
uccordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled
to one (1) vote for cach share of Common Stock held.

(b) Designation of Directors.

(i) The holders of Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class (the
Preferred Class*’). shall be entitled to cleet (and to remove, cither for or without cause)
two (2) members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The holders ef Common
Stock, voting separately as a single class (tiie “Common Class"), shall be entitled to elect
one (1) member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. All remaining members of
the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be elected by the holders of Preferred
Stock and the holders of Common Stock, voting together as a single class and on an
as-converted basis (the “Combined Class”). Effective immediately upon the filing of this
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, the number of authorized directors of
the Corporation shall be seven (7).

' (ii) In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring among the
directors elected by the Preferred Class, the Common Class or the Combined Class
pursuant to subparagraph (i) of paragraph (b) of this Section D.4, the hoiders of the
shares of the Preferred Class, the Common Class or the Combined Class, as the case may
be, may elect a successor or successors to hold the office for the unexpired term of the
director or directors whose place or places shall te vacant, as set forth above. Any
director who shall have been elected by the Preferred Class. the Common Class or the
Combined Class may be removed during the aforesaid term of office, whether with or
without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
Shares of the Preferred Class, the Common Class or the Combined Class, respectively;
provided, that the number of votes against removal is Jess than the number of votes
necessary to clect that director.

5. Restrictions and Limitations.
{a) Preferred Stock. So bong as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B
Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the vote or written

consent by the holders of at least a majority in interest of the then-outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock, voling together as a class:

Fh O77 V3
(i) Increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of uny class of
stock:

(ii) Change the authorized number of directors constituting the Board of
Directors af the Corporation to a number other than seven (7);

(iii)  Effectuate any Liquidating Event;
(iv) Declare or pay any dividend on the Preferred Stock or Common Stock;

(v) Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other equity security
(including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security) senior to
or on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock as to dividend
rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences Gr otherwise;

(vi) Take any action that alters or changes the rights, preferences, privileges or
restrictions of any series of Preferred Stock;

(vii) Redeem any shares of Common Stock, other than pursuant to equity
incentive agreements with service providers giving the Corporation the right to
repurchase shares upon the termination of services as approved by the Board of
Directors;

(viii) Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation's Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative to any series of Preferred Stock; or

(ix) Effect an initial public offering of the Corporation’s stock.

(b) Series B Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Series R Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders
of at least a majority in interest of the then-outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting

together as a class:

(i) Take any action that alters or changes the rights, preferences, privileges or
restrictions of the Senes B Preferred Stock: or

(ii) = Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation’s Articles of

Incorporation or Bylaws relative to the Series B Preferred Stock.

6. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Scries A Preferred Stock
or Series B Preferred Stock acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase,
conversion or otherwise shail be reissued, and all stich shares shall be cancelled, retired and
climinated from the shares which the Corporation shail be authorized to issue and, in addition,
the Articles of Incorporation shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding
reduction in the Corporation’s authorized stack.

7. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

-18-
OURLEAMID 23
E. Limitation on Directors’ Liability. The liability of directors cf the Corporation

for moneiary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

F. Indemnification of Corporate Agents. The Corpezation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (us defined in Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of
California) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its sharelwiders through bylaw provisions,
agreements with agents or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by
Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of California, subject to the limits on such excess
indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the General Corporation Law of California. If, after
the effective date of this Article, California law is amended in a manner which permits a
company to limit the monetary or other liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification
of, or advancement of such defense expenses to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to
a greater extent than is permitted on such cflective date, the references in this Article to
“California law” shall to that extent be decmed to refer to California law as so amended.

G. Repeal or Modification. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision
of this Article TH shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Corporation
existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

x ke

OAM TNO2I7 53
3 The foregoing anendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has
been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

4. rhe foregoing amendinent and restatement of Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of
the California Corporations Code. The total sumber of outstanding shares of Common Stock of
the Corporation entitled to vote with respect Lo the foregoing amendment was 2,423,003. The
total number of outstanding shares of Series | Preferred Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
with respect to the foregoing amendment was 14,743.094. The number of shares voting in favor
of the amendment equaled or excceded the vote required. The percentage vote required was
(i) more than fifty percent (309%) of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and Common
Stock voting together as a single class, (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, voting together as a separate class and (Hi) more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding shares of Series | Preferred Stock. voting together as a separate class.

wok &

{Rerainder of this page is intentionally left blank.}

OUTS IVI
We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that
the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Dated: August 24, 2005.

——

Alan Kessler
President

Francesco Lacapra
Secretary

-18-
