an P7O754S5 FILED
. in Secretary of State
Best Copy Available 2 IR 307 of the State of CalKornia

NOV 0 9 2005 ™

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF

ATTUNE SYSTEMS, INC.

The undersigned. Alan Kessler and Francesco Lacapra, certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Autune Systems, Inc., a California corporation.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this Corporation are amended and restated to read

in full as follows:
ARTICLE |
The name of the Corporation is Attune Systems, Inc. (hereinafter, the * Corporation”).
ARTICLE i

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law wot California other than the

incorporated by: the California Corporations Code.
ARTICLE il

A. ‘The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares tobe designated

respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common Stock”). The

total number of shares.of capital stock that the Corporatton is authorized to issue is 164,700,000.

The total number of shares.of Common Stock the Corporation shall have authority to issue is |

92,000,000 with ro par value, The total number of shases of Preferred Stock the Corporation

shall have authority to issue is 72,700,000 with no par value. |
|
t

B. The Preferred Stock shallibe divided into, series. The first series shall consist of
6,800,000 shares and is designated “Geri:5 A Prefemmnd Stock.” The second series shall consist
of 30,700,000 sharet and is designsted “Series Bi Prafenad Stock.”" The third series shall consist eo
of 7,200,000 shares anid is designancd “Sori. B-| Pralanred Stock.” The fourth series shall bo
consist of 28,000,000 shares and i: deSigmated “Series C Pteferned Stock,” bh

C. The pe powers, prfereaces, rights,. privileges, restrictions wad other matters relating
to the Preferred Stock we are as follows

(a) The holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends at
the rate of $0.0504 per share (as adjusted:for any stock dividends, combinations, splits.
recapitalizations and similar events with reapect to such shares) per annum. payable out of funds

“1

70095772 3vb

legally available therefor and in prefeence to any distribution of dividends to the holders of
Serics B Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Common
Stock. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors,
shall not be cumulative, and no right shail accruc to holders of Series C Preferred Stock by
reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year, nor shall any
undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest. No dividends (other than those payable
solely in the Common Stock of the Corporaiion) shall be paid on any Series B Preferred Stock.
Serics B-1 Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock of the Corporation
during any fiscal year of the Corporation unless and until dividends in the amount of $0.0504 per
share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, m capitalizations and similar
events with respect to such shares) on the Series C Preferred Stock shall have been paid, or
declared and set apart. during that fiscal year pursuant to this Section C. 1I(a).

(b> The holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends at the rate of $0.048 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, Splits, recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) per annum,
payable out of funds legally available therefor and in preference to any distribution of dividends
to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock. Such dividends shall be payable
only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors, shall not be cumulative, and no right
shall accrue tu holders of Series 3 Preferred Stock or Series B-1 Preferred Stock by reason of the
fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year. nor shall any undeclared or
unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest. No dividends (other than those payabie solely in the
Common Stock of the Corporation) shall be paid on any Series A Preferred Stock or Common
Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year of the Corporation unfess and until dividends in
the amount of $0.048 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, Splits,
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) on the Series B Preferred Stock
and Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall have been paid, or declared and set apart, during th that fiscal
year pursuant to this Section C.1(b).

(c) Thereafter. the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends at the rate of $0.3072 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of
funds legally available therefor and in preference to any distribution of dividends to the holders
of Common Stock. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board
of Directors, shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of Series A Preferred
Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year. nor
shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest. No dividends (other than those
payable solely in the Common Stock of the Corporation) shall be paid on any Common Stock of
the Corporation during. any fiscal year of the Corporation unless and until dividends in the
amount of $0.3072 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations.and similar events with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred Stock
shall have been paid, or declared and set apart, during that fiscal year pursuant to this
Section C. 1(c}. Thereafter, the holders of Common Stock, Series A, Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled, if and
when declared by the Board of Directors, to share equally in dividends out cf asscts of the
Corporation legally available therefor, with the Series A Preferred Stock, Scries B Preferred

-2-

AIUSSTT1IV6

Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock being treated on an as-converted
to Common Stock basis.

(d) Inthe event of a conversion of any series of Preferred Stock pursuant io
Section C.3 hereof, any dec! ured and unpaid dividends shall be paid at the election of the holder
of such series in cash or Common Stock at us then fair market value, as determined by the Board
of Directors.

(e) Each holder of Preferred Stock shall six deemed to have consented, for purposes
of Sections 502 and 503 of :Fe General Corporation Law of the State of California, to
distributions by the Corporation in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock at
cost or below fair marke! value issued to or held by certain employees of, or consultants to, the
Corporation upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing
for such repurchase; provided, that a majority of the Board of Directors has approved any such
repurchase under this subsection C.1(e).

2. Liquidation Preference. In the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or other event set forth in subsection (f) below
(referred to collectively as a “Liquidating Event’), the rights of holders of Preferred Stock and
Common Stock of the Corporation shall be as follows:

(a) In the event of any Liquidating Event, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock
shal! be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or
surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Common Stock or other junior equity security by reason of
their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) $0.63 for each outstanding
share of Series C Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations or similar events with respect to such shares, the “Series C Issue Price”) and
(ii) an amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on each such share of Series C
Preferred Stock then held by them (the “Series C Liquidation Preference”). If. upon the
occurrence of such cent, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient vo permit the payment to such holders of the full per share
Series C Liquidation Preference, then the entire assets and funds of ihe Corporation legally
available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock, in an amount equal to the proportion that the product of the Series C Liquidation
Preference of each share of Series C Preferred Stock and the number of such shares owned by
each such wolder bears to the total Series C Liquidation Preference described in this
Section C ?(a).

(b) Subject to the rights of the Series C Preferred Stock, in the event of any
Liquidating Event, the holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior
and in preicrence to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to
the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Common Stock or other junior
equity security by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of
(i) the product of (y) the “Series B- 1 Issue Price” for each outstanding share of Series B-t
Preferred Stock and (z) 1.15, and (ii) an amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on
each such share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock then held by them (the “Series B- 1 Liquidation

3.

MOSSTIZD UA

+ Nn mn perreenennngags weemerormme me =
Preference”). Lf. upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among
the holders of the Series B-! Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such
holders of the full per share Series B-1 Liquidation Preference, then the entire assets and funds of
the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders
of the Series B-| Preferred Stock, in an amount equal to the proportion that the product of the
Series B-1] Liquidation Preference of each share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock and the number of
such shares owned by each such holder bears to the total Series B-1 Liquidation Preference
described in this Section C.2(a). The “Series B-1 Issue Price” shall be $0.60 per share of

Series B- 1 Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stack dividends, combinations, splits.
recapitalizations or similar events with respect to such shares).

(c) Subject te the rights of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Serics B-1 Preferred
Stuck, in the event of any Liquidating Event, the holders of Serics B Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds
of the Curporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Common Stock or other junior
equily security by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of
(1) $0.60 for cach outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations or similar events with resnect to such shares,
the “Series B Issue Price”) and (ii) an amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on cach
Share of Series B Preferred Stock then held by them (the “Series B Liquidation Preference’). If,
upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Series B Preferred Stock shal! be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
per share Serics B Liquidation Preference, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably aniong the holders of the Series B
Preferred Stuck, in an amount equai to the proportion that ihe product of the Serics B Liquidation
Preference of each share of Series B Preferred Stock and the number of such shares owned by
each such holder bears to the total Series B Liquidation Preference described in this
Section C.2(c¢).

(d) Subject to the nights of the Series C Preferred Stock, the Serics B-1 Preferred
Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock, in the event of any Liquidating Event, the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of
any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock or other
junior equity security by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum
of ¢i) $3.84 for cach outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations or similar events with respect to such shares,
the “Series A Issye Ponce”) and (ii) an amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends on each
share of Series A Preferred Stock then he!d by them (the “Senes A Liquidation Preference”’). If,
upoi the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be insurficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
per share Series A Liquidation Preference, then the ertire assets and funds of the Corporation
tegally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock, in an amount equal to the proportion that the product of the Series A
Liquidstion Preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock and the number of such shares
owned by each such holder bears to the total Series A Liquidation Preference described in this
Section C.2(d).

TWISy TID ee
(e) After the distributions described in subsections (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have
been paid, the remaining assets of the Corporation legally availoble for distribution to
sharcholders shall be distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro
rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all
such Preferred Stock).

(f) For purposes of this Section C.2, (i) any acquisition of the Corporation by means
of a merger, consolidation, sale of the Corporation's stock or other reorganization of the
Corporation (or a series of such transactions which are related) (other than a transaction solely to
effect the reincorporation of the Corporation in another state or jurisdiction), if after giving effest
to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Corporation (or series of such
transactions which are related), the sharcholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such
merger, consolidation or other reorganization do not represent mor= than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power (assuming the exercise of all outstanding options and warrants and the
conversion of all Convertible Securities (as defined below)) of the surviving or resulting entity
after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization or (ii) the sale of al! or substantially all
of the assets of the Corporation, shall be treated as a Liquidating Event and shail entitle the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series B-! Preferred Stock,

Scries C Preferred Stock and Common Stock to receive at the closing cash, securities or other
property as specified in Sections C.2(a), C.2(b), C.2(c), C.2(d) and C.2(e) hereof. “Convertible
Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock, Series
A Preferred Stock, Serics B Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred
Stock) or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(g) | Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section C.2 shall be payable in
securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution shalf be the fair market valuc
of such securities or other property as determined pursuant to Section C.2(h) below.

{h) In any of the events specified in this Section C.2, if the consideration received by
the Corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities
shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions on
tree marketability:

fA) It traded on a securities exchange or the NASDAQ National
Market System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices
of the securities on such exchange or system over the thirty-day period ending
three (3) days prior to the closing:

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter and not reported as a NASDAQ
National Market Security, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the
closing bid prices over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing; and

(C) — If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair

market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors;

THaAISST IDV
provided, however, that if the holders of a majority of the outstanding Preferred
Stock object to such valuation, then the value shall be the fair market value
thereof, as mutually determined by the Corporation and the holders of not less
than a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a class.

(ii) 9 The method of valuation of securitics subject to investment letter or other
restricuions on free marketability (ether thun restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in C.2¢hxi)(A). (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate
fair market value thereol’, as determived in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(1) In .he event of a liquidation of the Corporation. the liquidation distributions
described in Sections C.2(a), C.2(b), C.2c), C.2¢d) and C.2(e) hereof shall be paic in cash on the
date fixed for such liquidation. In the event of the sale of all or substantially all of the
Corporation's assets, or a merger, consolidation, sale of the Corporation's stock or other
reorganization of the Corporation (or series of such transactions which are related) (other than a
transaction solely to effect the reincorporation of the Corporation in another state or jurisdiction),
the liquidation distributions described in Sections C.2(a), C.2(b), C.2(2), C.2(d) and C.2(e)
hereof shall be paid in cash and/or the consideration received by the holders of Common Stoc!,
in the same relative proportion as received by the holders of Common Stock, on the date of the
closing of such transaction (or series of related transactions).

7) In the event of a transaction to be treated as a Liquidating Event pursuant to this
Section C.2, the Cormoration shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of
such impending transaction not later than twenty (20) days prior to the snareholders’ mecting
called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such transaction,
whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such
transaction, The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and conditions of the
impending transactions and the provisions of this Section C.2, and the Corporation shal]
thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes to such terms. The
transaction shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the Corporation has
given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the Corporation has
given notice of any material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that such periods

may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of
Preferred Stuck, voting as a single class.

3. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follaws (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right To Convert. Subject to subsections (d). (¢). (f) and (g), (i) each share of
Series A Preferred Stock shail be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after
the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such
stock, inta such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Series A Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price in effect at the
lume that the certificate is surrendered for conversion for the Scries A Preferred Stock (th
“Serjcs A Conversion Price”), (ii) cach share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible. at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time ater the date of issuance of such share, at the office

-6-

HUST ing
of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock us is determined by dividing the Series B Issue Price by
the Series B Conversion Price in effect at the time that the certificute is surrendezed for
conversion for the Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Conversion Price’): (ii1) each share of
Series B-1 Preferred Stock shail be convertible. at the option of the holder thereof, at any time
after the date of issuance of such share, al the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for
such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock or

Series 8 Preferred Stock (at the option of the holder) as is determined by dividing (y) the produc!
of the Series B-1 Issue Price and 1.15. by (z) the Series B-1 Issue Price in effect at the time that
the certificate is surrendered for conversion for the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, subject to
adjustment as set forth in subsections (¢) and (f) (the “Series B-1 Conversion Price”): and (iv)
each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible. at the option of the holder thereof, at
uny time after the date of issuance of such share. at the office of the Corporation or any transfer
agent for such stock. into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
as is determined by dividing the Series C Issue Price by the Serics C Conversion Price in effect
at the Lime that the certificate is surrendered for conversion for the Series C Preferred Stock (the

“Series C Conversion Price”, and together with the Series A Conversion Price, the Series B
Conversion Price and the Senes B-1 Conversion Price. the “Conversion Prices”). The initial

Series A Conversion Price per share for shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be the Series A
issue Price, the initial Series B Conversion Price per share for shares of Series B Preferred Stock
shall be the Series B Issue Price. the initial Series B- 1 Conversion Price per share for shares of
Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall be the Series B-1 Issue Price and the initial Series C Conversion
Price per share for shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be the Series C Issue Price, subject in
each case to adjustment as set forth in subsections (d), (e), (f) and (g).

(b) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1
Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stuck and
Series B-! Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the
then-effective Series A Conversion Price. Series B Conversion Price and Series B-1 Conversion
Price, respectively, immediately upon the carlier of (i) the date specified by vote or written
consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, then outstanding and
(ii) the closing of the sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock in a firm commitment,
underwritten public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Secunties Act”), other than a registration relating solely to a transaction under Rule 145 under
the Securities Act or to an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, at a public offering with
proceeds to the Corporation (after underwriters’ discounts and expenses) of at least $15,000,000
at a price per share of Common Stock equal to at least three (3) times the Series C Issue Price

then in effect (such public offering, a “Qualified Public Offering”).

(ii) Series C Preferred Stock. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall
automatically cunvert into shares af Common Stock at the then-effective Series C Conversion
Price upon the earlier of (i) the date as of which the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds
percent (664%) of the outstanding Series C Preferred Stuck consent to or vote in favor of such
conversion and (ii) immediately prior to the closing of a Qualified Public Offering.

7-

FOOSST Tt
(ut) Series B_1 Preferred Stock. Us on the filing of these Amended anu
Restated Articles of Incerporation. cach share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall automaticaliy
be converted into 1.15 shares of Series B Preferred Stuck (the “Series B-] Conversion”). Each
outstanding stock certificate of the Corperauiou which, immediately prior to the Gime these
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation shall become effective, represents one or more
shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall thereafter be deemed to represent the appropriate
number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock, taking into account the Series B-1 Conversion,
until such old stock certificate is exchar zed for a new stock certificate reflecting the appropriate
number of shares resulting from ihe Series B-1 Conversion Upon surrender by a holder of
Series B-t Preferred Stock of a certificate or certificates for Series B-1 Preferred Stock, duly
endorsed, at the office of the Corporation, the Corporation shall, a5 soon as practicable thereafter,
issuc and deliver at such office to such holder, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a
new certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled as a result of the Serics B-1 Conversion. No fractional share shall be
issued as a re.ull of the Serics B-1 Conversion. All shares of Scries B-1 Preferred Stock shall be
aggregated for purposes of determining whether the Series B-1 Conversion would result in the
issuance of any fractional share, and after the aforementioned aggregation, the shares of Series B
Preferred Stock into which the Series B-| Prefeired Stock are to be converted shall be rounded
down to the nearest whole share. If the Series B-1 Conversion would result in the issuance of a
fraction of a share of Scrics B Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall. in licu of issuing any
fractional share, pay the holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair
market value of such fraction on the date of the Series B-1 Conversion (as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors).

(c) ics of Conv

(1) Before any holder of Preferred Stock (a “Preferred Holder”) shall be
entitled voluntarily to convert the same into shares of Common Stock or, in the case of
Scries B-1 Preferred Stock, into shares of Scries B Preferred Stock. such holder shall surrender
the certificate or certificates therefor at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for
such stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that such holder elects
to convert the same and shall state therein the number of shares to be converted and the name or
names in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock, as the case may be, to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such Preferred Holder. a certificate or certificates
for the number of sharcs of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case mav be, to which such
holder shall be entitled. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately pnor
te the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted,
and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock ov Preferred Stock. as
the case may be, issuable upon such conversion shall be weated for all puryoses as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, on
such date.

(1) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of
secunttes pursuant to the Securities Act. or any event or transaction that would constitute a
Liquidating Event of the Corporation as provided in Section C.2(f) above, the conversion may. al
the option of any holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon

‘
-o-
LOASST TD he
Best Copy Available

the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering or the closing
of such other event or transaction, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common
Stock upon conversion cf the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sate of securities or the closing of
such other event or transaction, as the case may be.

(d) Special Mandatory Conversion of Series ferred St to C on

(i) Shares of Series A Preferred Stock (including all warrants. options and
convertible securities exercisable or convertible for or into such stock) held by a holder (each, a
“Series A Holder”) who does not exercise in full its “Purchase Right” (as defined below) shall
convert autoiatically into shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Serics A Conversion
Price (or into warrants, options or convertible securities exercisable or convertible for or into
shares of Common stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price) in accordance with the
terms of this Section C.3(d). Each Series A Holder shall be entitled to receive notice (the
Notice’), in the event that the Corporation shall propose to sell any securities at a price less than
the Series B Conversion Price in effect at the time and having voting rights in the election of the
Corporation's Board of Directors ("Equity Securities”). of its right to purchase its “Pro Rata
Participation” (as described below) of such Equity Securities (the ‘Purchase Right”). The Notice
shall state (A) the Corporation’s bona fide in:ention to sell such Equity Securities, (B) the
number of Equity Securities proposed to be sold, (C) the per share price of the Equity Securities
proposeu to be sold, (D) other material terms of the offering and (E) the maximum number of
Equity Securities which such Series A Holder may purchase, atsummg Pro Rata Participation.

(ii) For purposes of this Section C.3(d), each Series A Holder’s “Pro Rata
Participation” shall be calculated, and each Series A Holder shall have the righ: :o purchase, that
number of shares of Equity Securities detesmined by multiplying the total ev .0' or of Equity
Securities proposed to be sold by the Corporation by a fraction, the aumei ates er which is the
number of shares of Common Stock held by such Series A Holder as of the dete of the Notice
(assuming full conversion and exercise of all convertible or exercisable securities held by such
Series A Holder), and the denominator of which is the total nuruber of shares of Common Stock
of the Corporation outstanding (assuming full conversion anc exercise of all convertible or
exercisable securities) on the date of the Notice. A Series A Holder shill exercise its Purchase
Right by providing the Corporation with written notice of exercise withir. three (3) business days
after the Notice is given (the “Notice Period”), unless sucn date is extended by the affirmative
vete of holders of a majority in interest of the outstanding siiares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(iii) | The shares of Series A Preferred Stuck (including all warrants, options and
convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the iesucr-ce inereof) held by Series A
Holders who have not elected to exercise in full (A) their Purchase Right minus (B) the
difference, to the extcnt such number is a positive number, between (1) the aggregate number of
shares of equity securities held by such holder as of immediately prior to the Series C Issue Date
(excluding any and all shares of Series C Prefern.d Stock) and (Z) such holder’s Purchase Right
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and similar events
with respect to such shares), pursuant to Section C.3(d)ii) hereof shall be automatically
converted, without any further act:on by such Series A Holders or the Corporation, into shares of
Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price (or into warrants, options or

9-

ISSN VO
convertible securities exercisable or convertivie for or into stares of Common Stock at the
then-elfective Series A Conversion Price) upon the trst closing of the sale of such Equity
Securities following the expiration of the Notice Period: provided, that such Series A Holders
shall retain any rights they may have with respect to dividends declared bul unpaid on such
Series A Preferred Stock priot to such date. In the event thal any Series A Holder presents such
Series A Holder's Senes A Preferred Stock certificate (or warrants, options or convertible
securities exercisable or convertible for or into Series A Preferred Stock) for surrender to the
Corporation or its transfer agent upon such conversion into Common Stock, a certificate for the
number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
surrendered were converted (or into which the warrants, options or convertible securities
exercisable or convertible for or into Series A Preferred Stock were converted) on such
conversion date will be promptly issued and delivered to such Series A Holder.

(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Equity Securities shall not include, the
Corporation shall not be required to send the Notice with respect to the issuance of, and this
Section C.3(d) and the Purchase Right shall not apply to:

(A) Sale and issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Common
Stock issuable upon the conversion thereof;

(B) Any shares, warrants or options to purchase shares of the
Corporation's stock issuable upon exercise of options or warrants, issuea pursuant
to any arrangement approved by the Board of Directors, to employees. officers
and directors of. or consultants, advisors or other persons performing services for,
the Corporation;

(C) — Shares of the Corporation's Common Stock or Preferted Stock of
any series issued in connection with any stock split. stock dividend, combination
or recapitalization of the Corporation:

(D) Common Stock issued upon exercise of warrants, options or
convertible securities if the issuance of such warrants, options or convertible
securities was a result of the exercise of Purchase Rights;

(E) — Any shares issued or issuable in connection with adjustment of the
Conversion Prices:

(F) Shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock or Preferred Stock of
any series issued in connection with any acquisition of another company by the
Corporation;

(G) Any shares issued to financial institutions or lenders in connection
with the extension of credit to the Corporation (including loans, lines of credit,
guarantees or other financing arrangeinents) or in connection with the lease of
equipment, personal property or real property and in each case for other than
equity financing purposes,

TSS Ae
(Hf) Any shares issued or issuable to lessors, recruit rs, public relations —
agencies or similar individuals or entities for other than equity financing
purposes:

(I) Any shares issued o7 issuable in connection with transactions
determined by the Corporation’s Board of Directors to be strategic; or

(J) Securities sold to the public in an offering pursuant to a
registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under
the Securities Act.

(e) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Stock Dividends and for Combinations or
Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that the Corporation at any time or from time to
time after the date on which the first share of Series C Preferred Stock was. first issued (the
“Series C Issue Date’) shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the Common
Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration,
or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of
shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a
dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquive Common Stock), or in the event the
outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by reclassification or
otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then the Conversion Prices in effect
immediately prior to such event shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, be
proportionately decreased or increased. as appropriate. In the event that the Corporation shall
declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the Common Stock payable in any right
to acquire Common Stock for no consideration, then the Corporation shall be deemed to have
made a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of shares equal 1o the maximum
number of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire Common Stock.

(f Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the Common Stock or
Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shal! be changed into the same
ora different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section C.3(e) hereof or a merger or other reorganization referred to in
Section C.2(e) hereof), the Conversion Prices then in effect shail, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted so that the
Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock that the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common
Stock or Preferred Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion
of the Preferred Stock immediately before that change.

(g) Sale of Shares Below Series C Conversion Price. If at any time or from time to
lime on or after the Series C Issue Date the Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed by the
express provisions of this Section ©.3(g) to have issued or sold Equity Securities, other than as
provided in Sections C.2(f), C 3<e) or C.3(f) above, for an Effective Price (as defined below} less
than the then-effective Series C Conversion Price (a “Qualifying Dilutive Issuance’). then and in
each such case, the then-existing Series C Conversion Price shall be reduced, as of the opening

FONAS S772 WS
of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a price determined by multiptying the Series C
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale by a fraction:

(i) the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such issue or sale, plus
(B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the Aggregate Consideration (as defined
below) received or dcemed received by the Corporation for the total number of Equity Securities
so issued would purchase at such then-existing Series C Conversion Price, and

(ji) the denominator of which shall be (A) the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such issue or sale plus
(B) the total number of Equity Securities so issued.

For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A) the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding, (B) the nuinber of shares of Common Stock into which the
then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediatel, preceding the given date, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which are
issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all other rights. options and convertible securities
outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given date.

(iii) No adjustment shall be made to the Series C Conversion Price in an
amount less than one cent per share. Any adjustinent required by this Section C.3(g) shall be
rounded to the nearest one cent per share. Any adjustment otherwise required by this
Section C.3(g) that is not required to be made due to the preceding two sentences shall be
included in any subsequent adjustment to the Series C Conversion Price.

(iv) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under this
Section C.3(g), the aggregate consideration reccived by the Corporation for any issuance or sale
of securities (the “Aggregate Consideration’) shail be: (A) to the extent it consists of cash, the
gross cv ount of cash received by the Corporation before deduction of any underwriting or
similar cuit: Missions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the Corporation in
connection wi7h such issuance or sale and without deduction of any expenses payable by the
Corporation: (Bj to the extent it consists of property other than cash, the fair value of that
property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors: and (C) if Equity Securities.
Convertible Securities (a5 defined below) or rights or options to purchase either Equity Securities
or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or securities or other assets
of the Corporation for a consideration which covers both, the portion of the consideration so
received that may be reasona’:'v determined in good faith by the Board of Directors to be
allocable to such Equity Secur?i2s, Convertible Securities or rights or options.

(v) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this Section C.3(g), if the
Corporation issues or sells (A) Preferred Stock or other stock, options. warrants, purchase rights
or other securities convertible into Equity Securities (such convertible stock or securities being
herein referred to as “Convertible Securities’) or (B) rights or options for the purchase of Equity
Securities or Convertible Securities and if the Effective Price of such Equity Securities is less
than the Series C Conversion Price, in each case the Corporation shall be deemed to have issued

“$2

* S577 3 yo
atthe tine of the issuance of such rights or ophurs or Cun verible Securities the maximum
number of Equity Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have reecived as
consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total! umount of the
consideration, il any, received by the Corporation for the issuance of such righis of options or
Canvenible Securities plus:

(A) in the case of such rights or options, the minimum amour > of
consideration, if any. payable to the Corporation upon the exervise of such cignts
or options; and

(B) — inthe case of Convertible Securities. the minitnum amounts of
consideration, if any, payabie to the Corporation upon the conversion thereof
(other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such
Convertible Securities); provided, that if the minimum amounts of such
cansideration cannot be ascertained, but are a function of antidilution or similar
protective clauses, the Corporation shall be deemed to have received the
minimum amounts of consideration withoui reference to such clauses.

(vi) No further adjustment of the Series C Conversion Price, as adjusted upon
the issuance of such righis, options or Convertible Secunties, shall be made as a result of the
actual issuance of Equity Securities or the exercise of any such rights or options or the
conversion of any such Convertible Sccurities. If any such rights or options or the conversion
privilege represented by any such Convertible Securities shall expire without having been
exercised, the Series C Conversion Price as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights. options or
Convertible Securities shall be readjusted to the Series C C--nversion Price which would have
heen in effect had an adjustment been made on the basis that the only Equity Securities so issued
were the Equity Securities, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise of such rights or options
or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such Fquity Securities, if any, were
issued or soid for the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise, plus
the consideration, if any. actually received by the Corporation for the granting of all such rights
or options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration received for issuing or selling the
Convenible Securities actually convened, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the
Corporation (other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such
Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such Convertible Securities; provided, that such
readjustment shall not apply to prior conversions of Preferred Stock.

(vii) For the purpose of making any adjustment to the Series © Conversion
Price required under this Section C.3(g), “Equity Securities” shall mean all shaves of Common
Stock issued by the Corporation or deemed to be issued pursuant to this Section C.3(g)
(including shares of Cominon Stock subsequently reacquired ur retired by the Corporation),
subject to the exceptions described in Section C.3(d\iv).

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (g) above shall
mean all shaves of Common Stock issued by the Corporation or deemed to be issued pursuant to
this Section C.3(g). The “Effective Price” of Equity Securities shall mean the quotient
determined by dividing the total number of Equity Securities issued or sold, or deemed to have
becn issued or sold by the Corporation under this Section C 3(g). into the Aggregate

-13-

MRISSET LG
Consideration ieeeived, or deemed to have been reecived by the Corporation for such issuance
under this Section C.3(g). for such Equity Securities. In the event that the number of shares of
Equity Secunties of the Effective Price cannot be ascertained at the time of issuance, such Equity
Securitics shall be deemed issued immediately upon the occurrence of the first event that makes
sich number of shares or the Effective Price. as applicable. asceriainable.

Inthe event that the Corporation issues or Sells. or 1s deetived to have issued or
sold, Equity Securities in a Qualifving Dilulive Issuance (the “First Dilutive Issuance”), then in
the event that the Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed to have issued or sold, Equity
Securities in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance other than the First Dilutive Issuance as a part of the
sume transacion or series of related transactions as the First Dilutive Issuance (a “Subsequent
Dilutive Issuance”). then and in cach such case upon a Subsequent Dilutive Issuance the Series C
Conversion Price shall be seduced to the Series C Conversion Price that would have been in
effect had the First Dilutive !ssuance and each Subsequent Dilutive Issuance all occurred on the
closing date of the First Dilute Issuance.

th) No Impainnent. The Corporation will not, except by a properly approved
amendment of its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or through any
reorganization, transfer of asset: consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
uny other voluntary action approved by the Lolders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock, voting as a class, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any
of the terms to be ohserved or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in
good faith assist in the carrying out of all of the provisions of this Section C.3 and in the taking
of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of
the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

(i) Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence oF cach adjustment or
readjustment of any Couversion Prices pursuant to this Section C.3, the Corporation at its
expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hercof and prepare and furnish to cach Preferred Holder a certificate executed by the
Corporation's President or Chief Financial Officer setting forth such adjustment or readjustment
and show. 1g in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporauon shall, upon the written request at any time of any Preferred Hulder, furnish or cause
to be furnished to such Preferred Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and
readjustments, (1) the Conversion Price at the time in effect of the series of Preferred Stock
subject to the adjustment and (iit) the number of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock and

the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
such series of Preferred Stock.

(p Notices of Record Dat. In the event that the Corporation shall propose at any
time: (i) to deciare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or nota regular cash dividend and whether or not out
of carnings or earned surplus; (11) to offer for subscription pro rata to all holders of any class or
serics of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights; (iti) to
effect. a. - reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock outstanding involving a
change in the Corimon Stock; or (iv) to effect a Liquidating Event; then. in connection with each
such event, the Corporation snall send io the Preferred Hoiders:

-]4-

wWOSSIT DNA
ee

(Ad Atleast fifteen (15) days® prior written notice of the date on which
a record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and
specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock and/or Preferred
Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for determining rights lo vote, if any, in respect
of the matters referred to in Gil) and (iv) above; and

(B) In the case of the mauers referred to in (iit) and (iv) above, at least
twenty (20) days” prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place
(and specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stuck shall he entitled
to exchange their Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon
the occurrence of such event).

(kK) Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes that may
be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Preferred Stock, and shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock on conversion of Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided,
however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any
transfer requested by any holder in connection with any such conversion.

() Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all
limes reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Commoi Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of
Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock and Series B Preferred Stock as
shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as
may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock io such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purpose, including, without limitation, obtaining the requisite shareholder approval of
any necessary amendment to these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.

(m) Fracvional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upan the conversion of any
share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock or Preferred
Stock, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise
entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date
of conversion (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

(n) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section C.3 to be given to
the Preferred Holders shall be deemed given five (5) days after the date mailed if deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at the holder's
address appearing on the books of the Corporation.

NESTING
1 Voting Rights, Directors.

(2) Subject to Section C.4(b) below. cach Preferred Holder shall have the right to onc
vole for each share of Common Stock into which such Preferred Holder's shares of Preferred
Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or written consent of shareholders.
With respect to such vote, such holder shall have full voting nghts and powers equal to the
voting rights and powers of the halders of Common Stock (except as otherwise provided herein
oras required by law. vating together with the Common Stock as a single class), and shall be
entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any shareholders” mecting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled
Ww one (L) vote for cach share of Common Stock held, except as otherwise provided by law.

(oD) Designation of Directors.

(1) Effective immediately upon the filing of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, the number of authorized directors of the Corporation shall be seven
(7). The holders of Preferred Stock. voting together as a single class (the “Preferred Class").
shall he entitled to elect (and to remove, either for or without cause) two (2) members of the
Board of Directors of the Corporation. The holders of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate class (the “Series C Class”), shall be entitled to elect (and to remove, cither for or
without cause), one (1) member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The holders of
Cominen Stock, voting separately as a single class (the “C::amon Class”), shall be entitled to
elect one (1) member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. All remaining members of
the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be elected by the holders of Preferred Stock and
the holders of Common Stock, voting together as a sing!e class and on an as-converted basis (the
“Combined Class”).

(ii) In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring among the
directors elected by the Preferred Class, the Series C Class the Common Class or the Combined
Class pursuant to subparagraph (i) of paragraph (b) of this Section C.4, the holders of the shares
of the Preferred Class, the Series C Class, the Common Class or the Combined Class, as the case
may be, may clect a successor er successors to hold the office for the unexpired term of the
director or directors whose place or places shall be vacant. as set forth above. Any director who
shall have been elected by the Preferred Class, the Series C Class. the Common Class or the
Combined Class may be removed during the aforesaid term of office, whether with or without
cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the
Preferred Class, the Series C Class, the Common Class or the Combined Class, respectively:

provided, that the nuinber of votes against removal is less than the number of votes necessary to
clect that director.

5, estrictions imitations.
(a) Preferred Stock. So ‘ong as any shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding. the

Corporation shail not. without the vote or -vritten consent by the holders of at least a majority in
interest of the then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. voting together as a class:

-1h-

USS TE Tet
(i) Increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of any class of
stack:

tii) = Change the authorized number of directors constituting the Board of
Directe:s of the Corporation to a nurmber other than seven (7),

(iii) Effectuate any Liquidating Event;
(iv) Declare or pay any dividend on the Preferred Stock or Common Stock;

(v) Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issuc, any other equity security
(including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security) senior to or on
parity with the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock as
to dividend rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences or otherwise;

(vi) Take any action that alters or changes the rights. preferences, privileges or
restrictions of any series of Preferred Stock:

(vii) Redeem any shares of Cominon Stock, other than pursuant to equity
incentive agreements with service providers giving the Corporation the right to repurchase shares
upon the termination of services as approved by the Board of Directors:

(viii) Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation's Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative tG any series of Preferred Stock, or

(ix) Effect an initial public offering of the Corporation's stock.

(b) Series B Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, the Corporation shail not, without the vote or written consent by the holders

of at least a majority in interest of the then- outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, votin,,
together as a class:

(i) Take any action that alters or changes the rights, preferences. privileges or
restriciions of the Series B Preferred Stock: or

(ii) = Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation's Articles of
ncorporation or Bylaws relative to the Series B Preferred Stock.

(c) Series C Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holdess

of at least sixty-six and (wo-thirds percent (664%) interest of the then-outstanding shares of
Scrics C Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(i) Take any action tat alters or changes the rights. preferences, privileges or
restrictions of the Series C Preferred Stock: or

(ii) = Amend or waive any provision of the Corperation’s Aricles of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative to the Series C Preferred Stock.

-17-

Karst ye
t, No Reissuance of Preferred Stogk. No share o7 shares of Preferred Stock acquired
hy the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued,
aid all such shares shall be cancelled, retired and climinated from the shares which the
Corporation shall be authorized to issue and, in addition, the Articles of Incorporation shall be
appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation's authorized
stuck.

*

Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

D. Limitation on Disecto.s" Liability. The liability of directors of the Corporation
for monetary damages shall be ciuminated to the fullest extent permissible under Califurnia law.

E. Indemnification of Corporate Agents. The Corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of
Califomia) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its sharcholders through bylaw provisions,
agreements with agents or utherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by
Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of Califomia, subject to the limits on such excess
indeninification set forth in Section 204 of the General Corporation Law of California. If, after
the effective date of this Article, California law is amended in a manner which permits a
company to limit the moretary or other liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification
of, or advancement of such defense expenses to, its directors or other persons, in any such cause to
a greater extent than is permitted on such effective dvte, the references in this Article to
“California law” shail to that extent be deemed to refer to California law as so amended.

F. Repeal or Modification. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision
of this Article Ill shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Corporation
existing at the ime of such amendment. repeal or modification.

3. The foregoing amendment and restatement o: the Articles of Incorporation has
been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoing amendment and restatement of Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number cf outstanding shares of Common Stock of
the Corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was 1,034,835. The
total number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
with respect to the foregoing amendment was 5,182,415. The total number of outsta:iding shares
of Series B Preferred Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing
anendmeat was 22,300,324. The total number of outstanding shares of Series B-| Preferred
Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was
6.852.973. [The number of shares voting in favor of the amendmeat equaled or excecded the vote
required. The percentage vote required was (i) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock and Comnion Stock, voting together as a single class, (ii) more than
fifty percent (S0%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting together as a single class,
(111) More than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stuck. voting
together as a single class, (iv) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Serics B
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, (v) more than fifty percent (50%) of the

-18-

USS PEWS
outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, voting togetic: as a single class. and (vi) more
than fifty percent (50:) of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock, and Series B-! Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.

| Remainder of page intent‘onally left blank.

7005857? 2 Avo
We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that
the matters set forth in this certificate aie true und correct of our owt: knowledge.

Clore hd

Alan Kessler

, pn

i }
ied s

Dated: November _2, 2096.

Secretar,

POASSTNIVE
