MESULKG
in hoon [LED Ie/)
Prec e of the Secretary of
CC vA a 40 f of the Slate of California Stal
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION — DEC. 0”
OF ‘ 006

ATTUNE SYSTEMS, INC.

The undersigned, Alan Kessler and Francesco Lacapra, certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively. of
Attune Systems, Inc., a California corporation.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this Corporation are amended and cestated to read
in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is Attune Systems, Inc. (hereinafter, the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE II

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE III

A. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (‘Preferred Stoc«””) and Common Stock (“Common Stock”). The
total number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 155,897,645.
The total number of shares of Common Stock the Corporation shall have authority to issue is
92,000,000 with no par value. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock the Corporation
shall have authority to issue is 63.897,645 with no par value.

B. The Preferred Stock shall be divided into series. The first series shall consist of
5,197,645 shares and is designated “Series A Preferred Stock.” The second series shail consist
of 30,700,000 shares and is designeted ies B Preferred Stock.” The third series shall consist
of 28,000,000 shares and is designated “Series C Preferred Stock.”

At the time these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorp. ration become effective, in
connection with the previously completed conversion of all of the Corporation’s iss’: 2c and
outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock into Series B Preferred Stcck, all previously
authorized shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock are hereby canceled, and the designation, rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions of the previously authorized Series B-] Preferred Stock
shall be eliminated.

700569883.
C. The powers. preferences, rij gehts, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating
to the Preferred Stock are as follows:

I. Dividends.

(a) ‘ke holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall te entitled to receive dividends at
the rate of $0.0504 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, spits,
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of funds
legally available therefor and in preference to any distribution of dividends to the holders of
Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock. Such dividends shall be
payable only when. as, and if declared by the Board of Directors, shall not be cumulative. and no
right shall accrue to holders of Series C Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on
said shares are not declared in any prior year, nor shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear
or accrue interest. No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the
Corporation) shall be paid on any Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Common
Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year of the Corporation unless and until dividends in
the amount of $0.0504 per share (as adjusted fo. any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) on the Series C Preferred Stock
shall have been paid, or declared and set apart, during that fiscal year pursuant to this
Section C.1(a).

(b) The holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends at
the rate of $0.048 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits.
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of funds
legally available therefor and in preference to any distribution of dividends to the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as,
and if declared by the Board of Directors, shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to
holders’of Series B Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not
declared in any prior year, nor shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest.
No dividends (other than those payable solely in the Common Stock of the Corporation) shall be
paid on any Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year
of the Corporation unless and until dividends in the amount of $0.048 per share (as adjusted for
any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and similar events with respect to
such shares) on the Series B Preferred Stock shali have been paid, or declared and set apart,
during that fiscal year pursuant to this Section C.1(b).

(c) Thereafter, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends at the rate of $0.3072 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of
funds legally available therefor and in preference to any distribution of dividends to the holders
of Common Stock. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as. and if deciared by the Board
of Directors, shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of Series A Preferred
Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared in any prior year, nor
shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue interest. No dividends (other than those
payable solely in the Common Stock of the Corporation) shail be paid on any Common Stock of
the Corporation during anv fiscal year of the Corporation unless and until dividends in the
amount of $0.3072 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,

-2-

700569883v1
recapitalizations and similar events with respect to such shares) on the Series A Preferred Stock
shall have been paid, or declared and set apart, during that fiscal year pursuant to this

Section C.i(c). Thereafter, the holders of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled, if and when declared by the Board
of Directors, to share equally in dividends out of assets of the Corporation legally available
therefor, with the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred
Stock being treated on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.

(d) la the event of a conversion of any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to
Section C.3 hereof, any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid at the election of the holder
of such series in cash or Common Stock at its then fair market value, as determined by the Board
of Directors.

(e) Each holder of Preferred Stoci shall be deemed to have consented, for purposes
of Sections 502 and 503 of the General Corporation Law of the State of California, to
distributions by the Corporation in connection with the repurchase of shares of Common Stock at
cost or below fair market vaiue issued to or held by certain employees of, or consultants to, the
Corporation upon termination of their employment or services pursuaiut to agreements providing
for such repurchase; provided, that a majority of the Board of Directc:s has approved any such
repurchase under this subsection C.1(e).

2. Liquidation Preference. In the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or other event set forth in subsection (f) below
(referred to collectively as a “Liquidating Event”), the rights of holders of Preferred Stoc’. and
Common Stock of the Corporation shall be as follows:

(a) In the event of any Liquidating Event, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or
surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock, Common Stock or other junior equity security by reason of their ownership thereof, an
anwunt per share equal to the sum of (i) $0.63 for each outstanding share of Series C Preferred
Siock (as adjuzied for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations or similar
events with respect to such shares, the “Series C Issue Price”) and (ii) an ammount equal to all
declared bui unpaid dividends on each such share of Series C Preferred Stock then held by them
(the “Series C Liquidation Preference”). If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and
funds thus distriluted amoung the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to
r zrmit the payment to such holders of the full per share Series C Liquidation Preference, then the
entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally avaisable for distribution shall be distributed
ratably among the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, in an amount equal to the proportion
that the product of the Series C Liquidation Preference of each share of Series C Preferred Stock
and the number of such shares owned by each such holder bears to the total Series C Liquidation
Preference described in this Section C.2(a).

(b) Subject to the rights of the Series C Preferred Stock, in the eveut of any
Liquidating Event, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock sh..! 4e entitled tu receive, prior and
in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus runds of the Corporation to the
holders of Series A Prefe-red Stock, Common Stock or other junior equity security by reason of

-3-

700569883v)
their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of (1) $0.60 for each outstanding
share of Series B Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits.
recapitalizations or similar events with respect to such shares, the “Series B Issue Price”) and
(41) an amount equal to all declared hut unpaid dividends on each share of Series B Preferred
Stock then held by them (the “Series B Liquidation Preference”). If, upon the occurrence of such
event, ihe assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock
shall be insufficient to permit the payment t. such holder: .° the full per share Series 5
Liquidation Preference, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock. in an
amount equal to the proportion that the product of the Series B Liquidation Preference of each
share of Series B Preferred Stock ans the number of such shares owned by each such inolder
vears to the total Series B Liquidation Preference described in this Section C.2(b).

(c) Subject to the rights of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred
Stock, in the event of any Liquidating Event, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall he
entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds
of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock or other junior equity security by reason of
iheir ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) $3.84 for each outstanding
share of Series A Preferred Stuck (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits.
recapitalizations or _imilar events with respect to such shares, the “Serics A Issue Price”) and
(ii) an amount equal to all de--lared but unpaid dividends on each shiare of Series A Preferred
Stock then held by them (the “Series A Liquidation Preference”). If, upon the occurrence of
such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock sha!l be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full per share Series A
Liquidation Preference, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratabi, amung the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, in an
amount equal to the proportion that the product of the Series A Liquidation Preference of each
share of Series A Preferred Stock eid the number of such shares owned by each such holder
bears to the total Series A Liquidation Preference described in this Section C.2(c).

(d) After the distributions described in subsections (a), (b) and (c) above have been
paid, the remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to shareholders
shall be distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro ria based on
the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Preferred
Stock).

(e) For purposes of this Section C.2, (i) any acquisition of the Corporation by nieans
of a merger, consolication, sale of the Corporation’s stock or « :her reorganization of the
Corporation (or a series of such transactions which are relateu) (other than a transaction soleiy to
effect the ‘corporation of the Corporation in another state ur jurisdiction), if after giving effect
to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Corporation (or series of such
transactions which are related), the shareholders of the crporation immediately prior to suc!:
merger, consolidation or other reorganization do not '-present more than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power (assuming the exercise of all outstuiding options and warrants and the
conversion of all Convertible Securities (as defired below)) of the surviving or resulting entity
after such merger, consolidation or other reorganizatior or ii) the sale of al! or substantially all
of the assets of the Corporatiun, shall be treated as a Liquidating Event and shall entitle the

-4-

700569883vI
holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and
Common Stock to receive at the closing cash, securities or other property as specified in
Sections C.2(a), C.2(b), C.2(c) and C.2(d) hereof. “Convertible Securities” shall mean any
evidences of indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock) or other securiiies convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock.

(f) | Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section C.2 shall be payable in
sécurities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution shall ve the fair market value
of such securities or other property as determined pursuant to Section C.2(g) below.

(g) In any of the events specified in this Section C.2, if the consideration received by
the Corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities
shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions on
free marketability;

(A) _ If traded ona securities exchange or the NASDAQ Nationa!
Market System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices
of the securities on such exchange or system over the ihirty-day period ending
three (3) days prior to the closing;

(B) _ Ifactively traded over-the-counter and not reported as a NASDAQ
Naticnal Market Security, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the
closing bid prices over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing; and

(C)  Ifthere is no active public market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors;
provided, however, that if the holders of a majority of the outstanding Preferred
Stock object to sucn valuation, then the value shall be the fair market value
thereof, as mutually determined by the Corporation and the holders of not less
than a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Sicck, voting as a class.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or other
restrictions on free marketability (other :han restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
sharehulder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shali be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in C.2(g)i)(A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate
fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(h) _In the event of a liquidation of the Corporation, the liquidation distributions
described in Sections C.2(a), C.2(b), C.2(c) and C.2(d) hereof shall be paid in cash on the date
fixed for such liquidation. In the event of the sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s
assets, or a merger, consolidation, sale of the Corporation’s stock or other reorganization of the
Corporation (or series of such transactions which are related) (other than a transaction solely to
effect the reincorpuration of the Corporation in another state or jurisdiction), the liquidation
distributions described in Sections C.2(a), C.2(b), C.2(c) and C.2(d) hereof shall be paid in cash

-5-

700569833v1
and/or the consideration received by the holders of Common Stock, in ihe same relative
proportion az -eceived by the holders of Common Stock. on the date of the closing of such
transaction (or series of related transactions).

(i) In the event of a transaction to be treated as a Liquidating Event pursuant to this
Section C.2, the Corporation shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of
such impending transaction not later than twenty (20) days prior to the shareho!ders’ meeting
called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such transaction,
whichever is earlier, and shal! also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such
transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the materia] terms and conditions of the
impending transactions and the provisior:s of this Section C.2, and the Corporation shall
thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes to such terms. The
transaction shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the Corporation has
yiven the first notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the Corporation has
given notice of any material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that such periods
may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of 1t 'east a majority of the shares of
Preterred Stock, vcting as a single class.

3. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as

follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right To Convert. Subject to subsections (d), (e), (f) and (g), (i) each share of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after
the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such
stock, into such number of fully paid and nenassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Series A Issue Price by the Series A Conversion Price in effect at the
time that the certificate is surrendered for conversion for the Series A Preferred Stock (the
“Series A Conversion Price”); (ii) each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office
of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, inte such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series B Issue Price by
the Series B Conversion Price in effect at the time that the certificate is surrendered for
cenversion for the Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Conversion Price’); and (iii) each
share of Series C Preferred Stezk shall.be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any
time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent
for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing the Series C Issue Price by the Series C Conversion Price in effect at the
time that the certificate is surrendered for conversion for the Series C Preferred Stock (the
“Series C Conversion Price”, and together with the Series A Conversion Price and the Series B
Conversion Price, the “Conversion Prices”). The initial Series A Conversion Price per share for
shares of Series A Preferred Stock hall be the Series A Issue Price, the initial Series B
Conversion Price per share for shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be the Series B Issue
Price and the initial Series C Conversion Price per share for shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shail be the Series C Issue Price, subject in each case to adjustment as set forth in subsections

(d), (€), (f) and (g).

-6-

700569883!
(b) Automatic Conversion.

CG) Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. Each share of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price and Series B
Conversion Price. respectivciy, immediately upon the earlier of (i) the date specified by vate or
Written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, then outstanding and (ii) the closing
of the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public
offering registered under the Securities Aci of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act’”’), other
than a registration relating solely to a transaction under Rule 145 under the Securities Act or to
an employee benefit plan of the Corporation. at a public offering with proceeds to the
Cc rporatinn (after underwriters’ discounts and expenscs) of at least $15,000,000 at a price per
share of Common Stock equal to at least three (3) times the Series C Issue Price then in effect
(such public offering, a “Qualified Public Offering”).

(ii) Series C Preferred Stock. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall
automatically convert into shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Series C Conversion
Price upon the earlier of (i) the date as of which the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds
percent (664%) of the ouistanding Series C Preferred Stock consent to or vote in favor of such
conversion and (ii) immediately prior to the closing of a Qualified Public Offering.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Before any holder of Preferred Stock (a “Preferred Holder”) shal! be
entitled voluntarily to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer
agent for such stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that such.
holder elects to convert the same and shail state therein the number of shares to be converted and
the name or names in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of
Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation shai’, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and
deliver at such office to such Preferred Holdcr, a certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stuck to which such holder shall be entitled. Such conversion shall be
deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of
the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(ii) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of
securities pursuant to the Securities Act, or any event or trarisaction that would constitute a
Liquidating Event cf the Corporation as provided in Section C.2(e) above, the conversion may,
at the option of any holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned
upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale cf securities pursuant to such offering or the
closing of such other event or transaction, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the
Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted
such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities or the
closing of such other event or transaction, as the case may be.

-7-

700569883v1
(d) Special Mandatory Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock Into Common Stock.

(i) Shares of Series A Preferred Stock (including all warrants,-options and
convertible securities exercisable or convertible for or into such stock) held by a holder (each. a
“Series A Holder”) who does not exercise in full its “Purchase Right” (as defined below) shal]
convert automatically into shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion
Price (or into warrants, options or convertible securities exercisable or convertible for or into
shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price) in accordance with the
terms of this Section C.3(d). Each Series A Holder shall be entitled to receive notice (the
“Notice”), in the event that the Corporation shall propose to sell any securities at a price less than
the Series B Conversion Price in effect at the time and having voting rights in the election of the
Corporation's Board of Directors (“Equity Securities”), of its right to purchase its “Pro Rata
Participation” (as described below) of such Equity Securities (the “Purchase Right”). The Notice
shall state (A) the Corporation's dona fide intention to sell such Equity Securities, (B) the
number of Equity Securities proposed to be sold, (C) the per share price of the Equity Securities
nroposed to be sold, (D) other material terms of the offering and (E) the maximum number of
Equity Securities which such Series A Holder may purchase, assuming Pro Rata Participation.

(ii) For purposes of this Section C.3(d), each Series A Holder’s “Pro Rata
Participation” shall be calculated, and each Series A Holder shall! have the right to purchase. that
number of shares of Equity Securities determined by multiplying the total number of Equity
Securities proposed to be sold by the Corporation by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
numter of shares of Common Stock held by such Scries A Holder as of the date of the Notice
(assuming full conversion and exercise of al! convertible or exercisable securities held by such
Series A Holder), and the denominator of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock
of the Corporation outstanding (assuming full conversion and exercise of all convertible or
exercisable securities) on the date of the Notice. A Series A Holder shall exercise its Purchase
Right by providing the Corporation with written notice of exercise within three (3) business days
after the Notice is given (the “Notice Period”), unless such date is extended by the affirmative
vote of holders of a majority in interest of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(iii) | The shares of Series A Preferred Stock (including all warrants, options and
convertible securities exercisable or convertible for the issuance thereof) held by Series A
Holders who have not elected to exercise in full (A) their Purchase Right minus (B) the
difference, to the extent such number is a positive number, between (1) the aggregate number of
shares of equity securities held by such holder as of immediately prior to the Series C Issue Date
(excluding any and all shares of Series C Preferred Stock) and (2) such: holder’s Purchase Right
(as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations splits, recapitalizations and similar events
with respect to such shares), pursuant to Section C.3(d){ii) hereof shall be automatically
converted, without any further action by such Series A Holders or the Corporation, into shares of
Common Stock at the then-effective Series A Conversion Price (or into warrants, options or
convertible securities exercisable or convertible for or into shares of Common Stock at the
then-effective Series A Conversion Price) upon the first closing of the sale of such Equity
Securities following the expiration of the Notice Period; provided, that such Series A Holders
shall retain any rights they may have with respect to dividends declared but unpaid on such
Series A Preferred Stock prior to such date. In the event that any Series A Holder presents such
Series A Holder’s Series A Preferred Stock certificate (or warrants, options or convertible

-8-

70046988 3v5
securities exercisable or convertible for or into Series A Preferred Stock) for surrender to the
Corporation or its transfer agent upon such conversion into Common Stock, a certificate for the
number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
surrendered were converted (or into which the warrants, options or convertible securities
exercisable or convertible for or into Series A Preferred Stock were converted) on such
conversion date will be promptly issued and delivered to such Series A Holder.

(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing. Equity Securities shall not include. the

Corporation shall not be required to ser:d the Notice with respect to the issuance of. and this
Section C.3(d) and the Purchase Right s~+!1 not apply to:

70056988341

(A) Sale and issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Common
Stock issuable upon the conversion thereof;

(B) Any shares, warrants or options to purchase shares of the
Corporation's stock issuable upon exercise of options or warrants, issued pursuant
to any arrangement approved by the Board of Directors, to employees, officers
and directors of, or consultants, advisors or other persons performing services for,
the Corporation;

(C) Shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock or Preferred Stock of
any series issued in connection with any stock split, stock dividend, combination
or recapitalization of the Corporation;

(D) Common Stcck issued upon exercise of warrants, options or
convertible securities if the issuance of such warrants, options or convertible
securities was a result of the exercise of Purchase Rights;

(E) Any shares issued or issuable in connecticn with adjustment of the
Conversion Prices;

(FY Shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock or Preferred Stock of
any series issued in connection with any acquisition of another company by the
Corporation;

(G) — Any shares issued to financial institutions or lenders in connection
with the extension of credit to the Corporation (*2~luding loans, lines of credit,
guarantees or other financing arrangements) vo. ::. “one ction with the lease of
equipment, personal property or real property anc in each case for other than
equity financing purposes;

(H) Any shares issued or issuable to lessors, recruiters, public relations
agencies or similar individuals or entities for other than equity financing
purposes;

(1) Any shares issued or issuable in connection with transactions
determined by the Corporation’s Board of Directors to be strategic; or

-9-
(1) Securities sold to the public in an offering pursuant to a
registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under
the Securities Act.

(e) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Stock Dividends and for Combinations or
Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that the Corporation at any time or from time to
time after the date on which the first share of Series C Preferred Stock was first issued (the
“Series C Issue Date”) shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the Common
Stock payabie in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration,
or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of
shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a
dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock), or in the event the
outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by reclassification or
otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then the Conversion Prices in effect
immediately prior to such event shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, be
proportionately decreased or increased. as appropriate. In the event that the Corporation shall
declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the Common Stock payable in any right
to acquire Common Stock for no consideration, then the Corporation shall be deemed to have
made a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of shares equal to the maximum
number of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire Common Stock.

(f) Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the Common Stock or
Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same

or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section C.3(e) hereof or a merger or other reorganization referred to in

Section C.2(e) hereo‘), the Conversion Prices then in effect shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted so that the
Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of sl.~-es of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock that the holders woula otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the numver of shares of Common
Stock or Preferred Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion
of the Preferred Stock immediately before that change.

(g) Sale of Shares Below Series C Conversion Price. If at any time or from time to
time on or after the Series C Issue Date the Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed by the
express provisions of this Section C.3(g) to have issued or sold Equity Securities, other than as
provided in Sections C.2(e), C.3(e) or C.3(f) above, for an Effective Price (as defined below) less
than the then-effective Series C Conversion Price (a “Qualifying Dilutive Issuance”), then and in
each such case, the then-existing Series C Conversion Price shall be reduced, as of the opening
of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a price determined by multiplying the Series C
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale by a fraction:

(i) the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such issue or sale, plus
(B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the Aggregate Consideration (as defined

-10-

700569883v1
below) received or Geemed reccived by the Corporation for the total number of Equity Securities
so issued would purchase at such then-existing Series C Conversion Price, and

(it) the denominator of which shall be (A) the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such issue or sai? plus
(3) the total number of Equity Securities so issued.

For the purposes of the preceding sentence. the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A) the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding, (B) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the
then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediately preceding the given date, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which are
issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all other rights, options and convertible securities
outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given date.

(iii) | No adjustment shall be made to the Series C Conversion Price in an
amount less than oie cent per share. Any adjustment required by this Section C.3(g) shall be
rounded to the nearest one cent per share. Any adjustment otherwise required by this
Section C.3(g) that is not required to be made due to the preceding two sentences shal] be
included in any subsequent adjustment to the Series C Coaversion Price.

(iv) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under this
Section C.3(g), the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation tor any issuance or sale
of securities (the “Aggregate Consideration”) shall be: (A) to the extent it consists of cash, the
gross amount of cash received by the Corporation before deduction of any underwriting or
similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the Corporation in
connection with such issuance or sale and without deduction of any expenses payable by the
Corporation; (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, the fair value of that
property as determined in goed faith by the Board of Directors; and (C) if Equity Securities,
Convertible Securities (as defined below) or rights or options to purchase either Ecuity Securities
or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or securities or other assets
of the Corporation for a consideration which covers both, the portion of the consideration so
received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Direciors to be
allocable to such Equity Securities, Convertible Securities or rights or options.

(v) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this Section C.3(g), if the
Corporation issues or sells (A) Preferred Stock or other stock, options, warrants, purchase rights
or other securities convertible into Equity Securities (such convertible stock or securities being
herein referred to as “Convertible Securities”) or (B) rights or options for the purchase of Equity
Securities or Convertible Securities and if the Effective Price of such Equity Securities is less
than the Series C Conversion Price, in each case the Corporation shal! be deemed to have issued
at the time of the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum
number of Equity Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have received as
consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of the
consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for the issuance of such rights or options or
Convertible Securities plus:

-l]-

10056988 3v 1
(A) — inthe case of such rights or options, the minimum amounts of
consideration, if any, payable tu the Corporation upon the exercise of such rights
or options: and

(B) in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum amounts of
consideration, if any, payable to the Cerporation upon the conversion thereof
(other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such
Convertible Securities); provided, that if the minimum amounts of such
consideration cannot be ascertained, but are a function of antidilution or similar
protective clauses, the Corporation shall be deemed to have reccived the
minimum amounts of consideration without reference 10 such clauses.

(vi) No further adjustment of the Series C Conversion Price, as adjusted upon
the issuance of such rights, options sr Convertible Securities. shall be made as a result of the
actual issuance of Equity Securities or the exercise of any such rights or options or the
conversion of any such Convertible Securities. If any such rights or options or the conversion
privilege represented by any such Convertible Securities shall expire without having been
exercised, the Series C Conversion Price as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or
Convertible Secrr**? s shall be readjusted to the Series C Conversion Price which would have
been in effect had an adjustment been made on the basis that the oniy Equity Securities so issued
were the Equity Securities, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise uf such rights or options
or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such Equity Securities, if any, were
issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise, plus
the consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation for the granting of all such rights
or options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration received for issuing or selling the
Convertible Securities actually converted, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the
Corporation (other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such
Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such Convertible Securitics; provided, that such
readjustment shall not apply to prior conversions of Preferred Stock.

(vii) For the purpose of making any adjustment to the Series C Conversion
Price required under this Section C.3(g*. “Equity Securities” shall mean all shares of Common
Stock issued by the Corporation or deemed to be issued pursuant to this Section C.3(g)
(including shares of Common Stock subsequently reacquired or retired by the Corporation),
subject to the exceptions described in Section C.3(d\iv).

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (g) above shall
mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation or deemed to be issued pursuant to
this Section C.3(g). The “Effective Price” of Equity Securities shall mean the quotient
determined by dividing the total number of Equity Securities issued or sold, or deemed to have
been issued or sold by the Corporation under this Section C.3(g), into the Aggregate
Consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Corporation for such issuance
under this Section C.3(g), for such Equity Securities. In the event that the number of shares of
Equity Securities or the Effective Price cannot be ascertained at the time of issuance, such Equity
Securities shall be deemed issued immediately upon the occurrence of the first event that makes
such number of shares or the Effeciive Price, as applicable, ascertainable.

7905698831
In the event that the Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed to have issued or
sold, Equity Securities in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance (the “First Dilutive Issuance’), then in
the event that the Corpcration issues or sells, or is deemed to have issued or sold, Equity
Securities in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance other than the First Dilutive Issuance as a part of the
same transaction or series of related transactions as the First Dilutive Issuance (a “Subsequent
Dilutive Issuance”), then and in each such case upon a Subsequent Dilutive Issuance the Series C
Conversion Price shall be reduced to the Series C Conversion Price that would have been in
2ffect had the First Dilutive Issuance and each Subsequent Dilutive Issuance all occurred on the
closing date of the First Dilutive Issuance.

(h) | NoJmpairment. The Corporation will not, except by a properly approved
amendment of its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or through anv
reorganization, tiansfer of assets, consolidation, merges, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action approved by the hoiders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock, voting as a class, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any
of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in
good faith assist in the carrying out of all of the provisions of this Section C.3 and in the taking
of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of
the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

fi) Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of any Conversion Prices pursuant to this Section C.3, the Corporation : . ‘ts
expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance witl. the terms
hereof and prepare and furnish to each Preferred Holder a certificate executed by the
Corporaticn’s President or Chief Financial Officer setting forth such adjustment or readiustment
and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any Preferred Holder, furnish or cause
to be furnished to such Preferred Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and
readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect of the series cf Preferred Stockh
subject to the adjustment and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock and
the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
such series of Preferred Stock.

(j) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall propose at any
time: (i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out
of earnings or eared surplus; (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to all holders of any class or
series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rigi.ts; (iii) to
effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock outstanding involving a
change in the Common Stock; or (iv) to effect a Liquidating Event; then, in connection with each
such event, the Corporation shall send to the Preferred Holders:

(A) At least fifteen (15) days’ prior written notice of the date on which
a record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and
specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock and/or Preferred
Stock shall be entitled the.eto) or for determining riglits to vote, if any, in respect
of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above; and

-13-

700569883v1
(B) In tc case of the matters referred to in (aii) and (iv) above, at least
uwventy (20) days” prior written not‘ce of the date when the same shall take place
(and specifying the date on whicl. .ne holders of Commor Stock shall be entitled
to exchange their Common Stock fer securities or other property deliverable upon
the occurrence of such event).

(k) Issue Taxes. The Corporaiion shall pay any and all issue and other tax~s that may
be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Preferred Stock. and shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock on conversion of Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided,
however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any
transfer requested by any holder in connection with any such conversion.

(1) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Coniversion. The Corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion oi the shares of
Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock and Series B Preferred Stock as
shall trom time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
then-outstanding shares of Preferred Steck, the Corporation will take such corporate action as
may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purpose, including, without limitation, obtaining the requisite shareholder approval of
any necessary amendment to these A nended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.

(m) Fractional Shares. Ni .ractional share shall be issued upon the conversion of any
share or shares of Preferred Stock. A.l shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock (including
fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance cf a fraction of a share of Common Stock or Preferred
Stock, the Corporation shall, in liew of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise
entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date
of conversion (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

(n) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section C.3 to be given to
the Preferred Holders shall be deen 2d given five (5) days after the date mailed if deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at the helder’s
address appearing on the books of the Corporation.

4, Voting Rights; Directors.

(a) Subject to Section C.4(b) below, each Preferred Holder shall have the right to one
vote for each share of Common Stock into which such Preferred Holder’s shares of Preferred
Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or written consent of shareholders.
With respect to such vote, such holder shail hav2 full voting rights and powers equal to the
voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock (except as otherwise provided herein

-14-

7005698831
or as required by law, voting together with the Common Stock as a single ciass), and shall be
entitled. notwithstanding any provision hereof, to not?-e of any charcholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled
to one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock held. except as otherwise provided by law.

(b) Designation of Directors.

(i) Effective immediately upon the filing of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, the number of authorized directors of the Corporation shall be seven
(7). The holders of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class (the “Preferred Class’’),
shall be entitled to elect (and to remove, either for or without cause) two (2) members of the
Board of Directors of the Corporation. The holders of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate class (the “Series C Class”), shall be entitled tu elect (and to remove. either for or
without cause), one (1) member of the Board of Directers of the Corporation. The holders of
Common Stock, voting separately as a single class (the “Commun Class”), shall be entitled to
clecit one (1) member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. All remaining members of
the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be elected by the holders of Preferred Stock and
the holders of Common Stock, voting together as a single class and on an as-converted basis (the
“Combined Class”).

(ii) | In the case of any vacancy in the oftice of a director occuring among the
directors elected by the Preferred Class, the Series C Class tre Common Class or the Combined
Class pursuant to subparagraph (i) cf pa.agraph ,5) of this Section C.4, the holders of the shares
of the Preferred Class. the Series C Class, the Common Class cr the Combined Class, as the case
may be, may elect a successor a1 successors to hold the office for the unexpired term of the
director or directors whose place or piaces shall be vacant, as set forth above. Any director who
shall have been elected by the Preferred Class, the Series C Ciuss, the Common Class or the
Combined Ci\ass may be removed during tre aforesaic .erm of >ffice, whether with or without
cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a major:.y of the outstanding sher~-s of the
Preferred Class, the Series C Class, the Common Class or the Combined Class, respectively;
provided, that the number of vote. against removai is less than the number ot votes necessary to
elect that director.

5. Restrictions and Limitations.
(a) Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the
Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders of at least a majority in

interest of the then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(i) Increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of any class of
stock;

(ii) | Changs the authorized number of directors constituting the Board of
Directors of the Corporation to a number other than seven (7);

(iii) Effectuate any Liquidating Event;
(iv) Declare or pay any dividend on the Preferred Stock ar Commen Stock;

-|4-
70056988 3vI
(v) Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other equily security
{including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security) senior to or on
parity with the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock er Series C Preferred Stovi: as
to dividend rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences or otherwise:

(vi) | Take any action that alters or changes the rights, preferences, privileges or
restrictions of any series of Preferred Siock:

(vii) Redeem any shares of Common Stock, other than pursuant to equity
incentive agreements with service providers giving the Corporation the right to repurchase shares
upon the termination of services as approved by the Board of Directors;

(viii) Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation's Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative to any series of Preferred Stock; or

(ix) Effect an initial public offering of the Corporation’s stock.

(b) Series B Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders
of at least a majority in interest of the then-outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting
together as a class:

(i) Take any action that alters or changes the rights, preferences, privileges or
restrictions of the Series B Preferred Stock; or

(ii) | Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation’s Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative to the Series B Preferred Stock.

(c) Series C Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders
of at least s'xty-six and two-thirds percent (664%) interest of the then-outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock, voting together as a class:

(i) Take any action that alters or changes the rights, preferences, privileges or
restrictions of the Series C Preferred Stock; or

(ii) | Amend or waive any provision of the Corporation’s Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws relative to the Series C Preferred Stock.

6. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock acquired
by the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued,
and ail such shares shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated from the shares which tne
Corporation shall be authorized to issue and, in addition, the Articles of Incorporation shal] be
appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized
stock.

7. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

-16-

700569883!
D. Limitation on Directors” Liability. Phe liability of directors of the Corporation
fur moéctary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

I. Indemnitication of Corporate Agents. The Corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 3!7 of the General Corporation Law of

California) tor breach of duty to the Corporation and its shareholders through bylaw provisions,
ugreements with agents or otherwise. in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by
Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of California, subject to the limits on such excess
indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the General Corporation Law of California. If. after
the effective date of this Article, California law is amended in a manner which permits a
company to limit the monetary or other liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification
of. or advancement of sucn defense expenses to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to
a greater extent than is permitted on such effective date, the references in this Article to
“California law” shall to that extent be deemed to refer to California law as so amended.

F. Repeal or Modification. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision
of this Article III shall not edversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Corporation
existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

A“

3. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Articles of Incorporation has
been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoing amendment and restatement of Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of
the California Corporatio..s Code. The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of
the Corporation entitled ts ote with respect to the foregoing amendment was 1,034,835. The
total number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
with respect to the foregoing amendment was 5,182,415. The total number of outstanding shares
of Series B Preferred Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing
amendment was 30,181,225. The total number of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock
of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing amendment was 22,015,350.
The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required.
The percentage vote required was (i) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a single class, (ii) more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class,
(iii) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock,

Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class and
(iv) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting together
as a single class.

-|7-

706569883 v1
We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that
the maiters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

Dated: November __, 2006.

Alan Kessler
President

Francesco Lacapra

Secretary

-18-

700569883 vI
We further declare under penalty of penury under the laws of the State of California that
the matters set forth in this certificate are truc and correct of oui own knowledge.

}
Alan Kessler
Pregident

Dated: December 5, 2006

-18-
