State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 10:35 BM 11/30/2006
FILED 10:35 AM 11/30/2006
SRV 061092016 - 4027329 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

aTYR PHARMA, INC.

al'YR PHARMA, INC., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”) hereby certifies as follows:

1. The name of the corporation is aTyr Pharma, Inc. (the “Corporation"). The date of
the filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware was September 8, 2005, (as heretofore amended, the “Original Certificate of

Incerporation”).

2, This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (“Certificate of
Incerperation”) amends and restates the provisions of the Original Certificate of Incorporation
and (i) was duly adopted by the Board of Directors in accordance with the provisions of Section
245 of the DGCL, (ii) was declared by the Board of Directors to be advisable end in the best
interests of the Corporation and was directed by the Board of Directors to be submitted to and be
considered by the stockholders of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon for approval by the
affirmative vote of such stockholders in accordance with Section 242 of the DGCL, and (iii) was
duly adopted by a stockholder consent in lieu of a meeting of the stockholders, with the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Corporation’s capital stock entitled to vote thereon,
and a majority of the outstanding capital stock of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class,
consenting to the adoption of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in writing
in accordance with the provisions of Sections 228 and 242 of the DGCL and the terms of the
Original Certificate of Incorporation —

3. The text of the Original Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in
its entirety to provide as follows:

ARTICLE I
NAME

The name of the Corporation is aTyr Pharma, Inc.
ARTICLE If

GISTERED OFFICE

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 160
Greentree Drive, Suite 101, in the City of Dover, County of Kent, 19904. The name of its
registered agent at such address is National Registered Agents, Inc.
ARTICLE Hl
PURPOSES

The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the Corporation is
to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL.

ARTICLE IV
CAPITAL SECURITIES

The total number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation shall have authority to
issue is Twelve Million Five Hundred Thousand (12,500,000) shares, consisting of:

(i) Seven Million Three Hundred Twenty Five Thousand
(7,325,000) shares of Common Stock, par value $0,001 per share (“Common Stock”); and

(ii) Five Million One Hundred Seventy Five Thousand
(5,175,000) shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (“Preferred Stock”), of which
Nine Hundred Seventy Five Thousand (975,000) shares are designated Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (“Series A Preferred Stock”) and Four Million Two Hundred Thousand
(4,200,000) shares are designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series B. Preferred
Stock”).

Except as otherwise restricted by this Certificate of Incorporation, the Corporation is

_ authorized to issue from time to time all or any portion of the capital stock of the Corporation

that is authorized but not issued or reserved for issuance to such person or persons and for such
lawful consideration as it may deem appropriate, and generally in its absolute discretion to
determine the terms and manner of any disposition of such authorized but unissued capital stock.

Any and all such shares issued for which the full consideration has been paid or delivered
shall be deemed fully paid shares of capital stock, and the holder of such shares shall not be
liable for any further call or assessment or any other payment thereon.

The voting powers, designations, preferences, privileges and relative, participating,
optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions of each class
(and series) of capital stock of the Corporation are as hereafter provided in Article IV hereof.

A. COMMON STOCK

1. General. The rights of the holders of the Common Stock are subject to and
qualified by the rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock as
specified herein and any other class of the Corporation’s Capital Securities that may hereafter be
issued and outstanding having rights in accordance herewith that are senior to or pari passu with
the rights of holders of Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock shall be treated
identically to all other shares of Common Stock with respect to dividends, distributions, rights in
liquidation and in all other respects.

mQea STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFE
. 2. Voting. Each holder of shares of Common Stock is entitled to one vote for
each share thereof held by such holder at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu
of meetings). There shall be no cumulative voting. Subject to Section C.4, the number of
authorized shares of Common Stock may, from time to time, be increased or decreased (but not
below the sum of (a) the number of shares thereof then outstanding, plus (b) the number of shares
then issuable upon conversion, exercise and/or exchange of all then outstanding Convertible
Securities) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the combined number of shares
of the Corporation’s issued and outstanding (x) Common Stock, and (y) Preferred Stock (voting
on an as-converted basis) that votes together with the Common Stock, voting together as a single
class generally, irrespective of the provision of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL.

3. Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock from
funds lawfully available therefore if, as and when determined by the Board of Directors and
subject to any preferential dividend rights of any then outstanding shares of any classes or series
of the Corporation’s Capital Securities that may hereafter be authorized and issued having
preferred dividend rights senior to or pari passu with the rights of holders of Common Stock.

4. Liquidation. Upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, holders of
Common Stock will be entitled to receive all assets. of the Corporation available for distribution
to its stockholders, subject to the rights and preferences of any then outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock and any other classes or series of the
Corporation’s Capital Securities that are issued and outstanding having rights upon the
occurrence of a Liquidation Event senior to or pari passu with the rights of holders of Common
Stock.

B.S SAP ST’ ERIES B PRE D STOCK

1. Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock from funds lawfully available therefore if, as and when
determined by the Board of Directors and subject to any preferential dividend rights of any then
outstanding shares of any classes or series of the Corporation’s Capital Securities that may

hereafter be authorized and issued having preferred dividend rights senior to or Pari passu with

the rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. In addition to the
foregoing, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall participate
in all dividends and other distributions (other than stock dividends in the nature of a stock split or
the like and repurchases of securities by the Corporation from an employee or consultant of the
Corporation made pursuant to an agreement approved by the Board of Directors, including at
least one of the Series B Directors) that are declared and paid on Common Stock on the same
basis as if each share of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock had been converted
into the largest number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Series A Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, may be converted pursuant to Section B.3
of Article IV on the record date established for the declaration of such dividends.

~3- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFR
2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) Upon (i) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
whether voluntary or involuntary, or (ii) a Sale of the Corporation (each of the events referred to -
in clauses (i) and (ii) being referred to as a “Liquidation Event”), each holder of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled, after provision for the payment of .
the Corporation’s debts and other liabilities and in preference to, and, before any amount or
property shall be paid or distributed on account of any Junior Securities, to be paid in full with
respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock out of the assets of
the Corporation available for distribution to stockholders, an amount equal to the Series A
Liquidation Preference and Series B Liquidation Preference, as the case may be. [f upon any
Liquidation Event the amount available for distribution among the holders of all outstanding
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock is insufficient to permit the payment of the
Series A Liquidation Preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock and the payment of the
Series B Liquidation Preference of each share of Series B Preferred Stock, in full, then the
amount available for distribution shall be distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock pro rata in accordance with the respective amounts that
would have been distributed to such holders if the amount available for distribution had been
sufficient to pay the Series A Liquidation Preference and the Series B Liquidation Preference in
full, and the holders of Common Stock and of any other Junior Securities shall in no event be
entitled to participate in the distribution of any assets of the Corporation in respect of their
ownership thereof. Upon any Liquidation Event, after the holders of Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock shall have been paid the Series A Liquidation Preference and the
Series B Liquidation Preference, respectively, in full, the remaining net assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock (with each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock being deemed for such purpose to equal the number of shares of Common
Stock into which such share of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock is
convertible pursuant to Section B.3 of Article IV). ;

(b) Consolidation, Merger, etc. Notwithstanding Section B.2(a), a Sale of
the Corporation shall not be deemed to be a Liquidation Event for the purposes of this
Section B.2 if the holders of sixty-five percent (65%) of the issued and outstanding Series B
Preferred Stock, voting separately as a single class, waive in writing the provisions of this
Section B.2 with respect to such event.

(c) No Effect on Conversion Rights. The provisions of this Section B.2

shall not in any way limit the right of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock to elect to convert their shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section B.3.

(d) Valuation of Distribution Securities. Any securities or other

consideration to be delivered to the holders of Series A Préferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock upon any Liquidation Event in accordance with the terms hereof shall be valued as
follows:

-4- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFE
(i) If the consideration consists of cash or cash equivalents,
then the value shall be computed at the aggregate amount of the cash or cash equivalents so
delivered;

(ii) The per share value of securities traded on a national
securities exchange or a nationally recognized interdealer quotation system shall be deemed to.be
the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over the 20-day
period ending three (3) Business Days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Event;

(iii) The per share value of securities traded over-the-counter
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid and asked prices over the 30-day period
ending three (3) Business Days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Event; and

(iv) For all other consideration, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(v) In the event that the holders of a majority of the issued and
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class on an as-converted basis, dispute any valuation determined by the Board of Directors
pursuant to Section B.2(d)(iv), such holders shall have the right to obtain an independent
valuation of such property, security or other non-cash consideration from one nationally
recognized investment bank, not affiliated with any holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series
B Preferred Stock, reasonably acceptable to the Corporation, and with substantial experience in
making such valuations. If the valuation determined by such bank is within the lesser of 15% or
$25,000 (higher or lower) of the valuation determined by the Board of Directors, the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock requesting such valuation shall pay for
the fees and expenses of such bank in making such valuation, otherwise the Corporation shall
pay such fees and expenses.

3. Conversion into Common Stock. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock shall have the following conversion rights:

(a) Voluntary Conversion, At any time, each holder of Series A Preferred -
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled, without the payment of any additional
consideration, to cause all or any portion of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B
Preferred Stock, as the case may be, held by such holder to be converted into a number of shares
of Common Stock determined as hereafter provided in this Section B.3(a), which shares shall
upon the issuance thereof be fully paid and non-assessable. The number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon the conversion of each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the Series A Purchase Price by (ii) the Series A
Conversion Price, in each case as in effect at the time of conversion. The number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the Series B Purchase Price by (ii) the
Series B Conversion Price, in each case as in effect at the time of conversion. As of the Effective
Time, the “Series A Conversion Price” per share of the Series A Preferred Stock equals the
Series A Purchase Price and the “Series B Conversion Price” per share of the Series B Preferred

-5- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFE
Stock equals the Series B Purchase Price, subject in each case to adjustment from time to time as
hereinafter provided.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted, without the payment of any additional .

consideration, into the number.of shares. of Common. Stock provided for in Section B.3(a) either... 2 |.

(i) immediately upon consummation of the Corporation’s first underwritten Public Offering of
Common Stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
(A) resulting in at least $25,000,000 of proceeds to the Corporation, net of underwriting
discounts and commissions and offering expenses, (B) reflecting a gross offering price per share
of Common Stock (as equitably adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend, combination,
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event involving
Common Stock) of not less than three times (3x) the Series B Purchase Price, and (C) after
giving effect to which the Corporation’s Common Stock is listed on a U.S. national securities
exchange (a “Qualified Public Offering”), or (ii) upon the written request of the holders of
sixty-five percent (65%) of the issued and outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting
separately as a single class (“Majority Conversion”).

(c) Procedure for Voluntary Conversion: Effective Date. Upon any

election to convert the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock made in accordance
with Section B.3(a), the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock
making such election shall provide written notice of such conversion (2 “Voluntary Conversion
Notice”) to the Corporation setting forth the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and/or
Series B Preferred Stock each such holder elects to convert into Common Stock (the “Elected
Preferred Stock”). On the date the Voluntary Conversion Notice is delivered to the
Corporation, such shares of Elected Preferred Stock shall thereupon be converted, without further
action, into the number of shares of Common Stock provided for in Section B.3(a), and such:
number of shares of Common Stock into which the Elected Preferred Stock is converted shall
thereupon be deemed to have been issued to such holders of the Elected Preferred Stock. Such
holders shall as soon as practicable thereafter surrender to the Corporation at the Corporation’s
principal executive office the certificate or certificates evidencing the Elected Preferred Stock,
duly assigned or endorsed for transfer to the Corporation (or accompanied by duly executed stock
powers relating thereto), or an Affidavit of Loss with respect thereto. Upon surrender of such .
certificates or delivery of an Affidavit of Loss with respect thereto, the Corporation shall issue
and deliver to the holder so surrendering such certificates or to such holder’s designee, at an
address designated by such holder, certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into
which such holder’s Elected Preferred Stock shall have been converted. The issuance of
certificates for shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Elected Preferred: Stock will be
made without charge to the holders of such shares for any issuance tax in respect thereof or other
costs incurred by the Corporation in connection with such conversion and the related issuance of
such stock. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section B.3(c), in the event
that holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock elect to convert
such shares pursuant to Section B.3(a) in connection with any Public Offering or other specified
event, (i}such conversion may at the election of such holders be conditioned upon the
consummation of such Public Offering or the occurrence of such other specified event, in which

-6- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFE
case, such conversion shall not be deemed to be effective until the consummation of such Public
Offering or the occurrence of such other specified event and (ii) if such Public Offering or other
specified event is consummated or occurs, all shares of Elected Preferred Stock shall be deemed
to have been converted into shares of Common Stock immediately prior thereto.

. ; (d) Procedure for Automatic. Conversion. . As.of the date of, and in all.
cases ss subject to, the consummation of a Qualified Public Offering or a Majority Conversion, all
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be converted
automatically, without further action, into the number of shares of Common Stock provided for
in Section B.3(a), and such number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock is converted shall be deemed to have been issued to
the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be. Such
holders shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, surrender the certificate or certificates evidencing
the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, duly assigned or
endorsed for transfer to the Corporation (or accompanied by duly executed stock powers relating
thereto) or an Affidavit of Loss with respect thereto. Upon surrender of such certificates or
delivery of an Affidavit of Loss with respect thereto, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to
such holder so surrendering such certificates or to such holder’s designee, promptly (and in any
event in such time as is sufficient to enable such holder to participate in such Qualified Public
Offering or Majority Conversion, as applicable) at an address designated by such holder,
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder’s Series A
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall have been converted.

(e) Fractional Shares: Partial Conversion. No fractional shares shall be
issued upon conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock.
All shares of Common Stock (including fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of Series A
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock by a holder thereof shail be aggregated for purposes
of determining whether the conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If
any fractional interest in a share of Common Stock would, except for the provisions of the first
sentence of this paragraph (¢), be delivered upon any such conversion, the Corporation, in lieu of
delivering the fractional share thereof, shall pay to the holder surrendering the Series A Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock for conversion an amount in cash equal to the current fair
market value of such fractional interest as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. In
case the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock represented by
the certificate or certificates surrendered at the time of conversion exceeds the number of shares
to be converted, the Corporation shall, upon such conversion, execute and deliver to the holder -
thereof, at the expense of the Corporation, a new certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock represented by the certificate or
certificates surrendered that are not to be converted.

-7- STM_STM_217496_TIMOKEEFE
4. Adjastments.

(a) Adjustments for Subdivisions, Combinations or C idation of
Common Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided by
stock split, stock dividends or otherwise, into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the
Series.A. Conversion Price.and Series B Conversion. Price then in effect shall, concurrently with .. .
the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased so that the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding shares. In the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Series A
Conversion Price and Series B Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such combination or consolidation, be proportionately increased so that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in
outstanding shares.

(b) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. If the

Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes
of stock or into any other securities or property, whether by capital reorganization,
reclassification, merger, combination of shares, recapitalization, consolidation, business
combination or other similar transaction (other than a subdivision, consolidation or combination
of shares provided for above and other than a Liquidation Event which shall be governed by
Section B.2), each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall thereafter
be convertible into the number of shares of stock or other securities or property to which a holder
of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon conversion of
such share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall have been entitled
upon such capital reorganization, reclassification, merger, combination of shares,
recapitalization, consolidation, business combination or other similar transaction if immediately
prior to such capital reorganization, reclassification, merger, combination of shares,
recapitalization, consolidation, business combination or other similar transaction such holder had
converted such holder’s Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock into Common
Stock. The provisions of this Section B.4(b) shall similarly apply to outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock at the time of any successive capital
reorganizations, reclassifications, mergers, combinations of shares, recapitalizations,
consolidations, business combinations or other similar transactions. The Corporation shall not
effect any Sale of the Corporation that is not, in accordance with Section B.2(b), a Liquidation
Event unless prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof the successor corporation
or purchaser, as the case may be, shall assume by written instrument the obligation to deliver to
the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B preferred Stock, securities or assets as, in
accordance with the foregoing provisions, each such holder is entitled to receive.

(c) Adjustment of the Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional
Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Corporation shall on or at any time following the
Effective Time issue or sell, or in accordance with Section B.4(e) is deemed to have issued or

-8- STM_STM _217496_7/MOKEEFR.
sold, any shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities without consideration or for a
consideration per share of Common Stock less than the applicable Series A Conversion Price
and/or Series B Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale, then and in
such event, such Series A Conversion Price or Series B Conversion Price, as applicable, shall be
reduced, concurrently with such issue or sale, to a price (calculated to the nearest whole e cent)

determined by the following formula: .

P= P1O1+P202
Q1+Q2

Where:

P = the applicable Series A Conversion Price or Series B
Conversion Price, as the case may be, in effect
immediately following and after giving effect to such
issue or sale

Pl = _ the applicable Series A Conversion Price or Series B
Conversion Price, as the case may be, in effect
immediately prior to such issue or sale

Ql = the number of shares of Common Stock Deemed
Outstanding immediately prior to such issue or sale

. P2 = the consideration per share, if any, received or
receivable by the Corporation on account of such issue
or sale

-Q2 = the number of shares of Common Stock so issued or
sold or, in accordance with Section B.4(e), deemed to
have been issued or sold

(d) Multiple Closing Dates. In the event the Corporation shall issue on

more than one date additional shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities as part of one
transaction or a series of related transactions, and such issuance dates occur within a period of no
more than [60] days, then, upon the final such issuance (or at the time of any conversion, if
earlier), the applicable Series A Conversion Price and Series B shall be readjusted to give effect
to all such issuances as if they occurred on the date of the final such issuance (and without giving
effect to any adjustments as a result of such prior issuances within such period).

~9- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFE
(e) Effect of Certain Events on Conversion Prices. For purposes of
determining the adjusted Series A Conversion Price with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock

and the Series B Conversion Price with tespect to the Series B Preferred Stock under
Section B.4(c), the following shall be applicable:

(i) Issuance of Convertible Securities.

(A)If the Corporation in any manner grants, issues or sells
any Convertible Securities, whether or not the rights to exercise, convert or exchange any such
Convertible Securities are immediately exercisable, and the price per share for which Common
Stock is issuable upon such exercise, conversion or exchange is less than the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to the time of such grant, issue or sale, then the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Corporation
at the time of the grant, issue or sale of such Convertible Securities for such price per share.

(B) For the purposes of this paragraph, the “price per share
for which Common Stock is issuable” in connection with the issuance of Convertible Securities
shall be determined by dividing (+) the total amount received or receivable by the Corporation as
consideration for the grant, issue or sale of such Convertible Securities, plus the cumulative
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof and, if applicable, the exercise, conversion and
exchange of any other Convertible Securities that such Convertible Securities may be converted
into or exercised or exchanged for (in each case, as set forth in the instruments and agreements
relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of
such consideration), by () the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities (as set forth in the
instruments and agreements relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein
for a subsequent adjustment of such number). No further adjustment of the Conversion Price
shall be made when Common Stock and, if applicable, any other Convertible Securities, are
actually issued upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(C) If the Corporation issues any Convertible Securities that
entitle the holder thereof, inter alia, both (i) to exercise, convert or exchange the same into or for
Common Stock or otherwise to participate with the holders of Common Stock in distributions
upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event and (ii) in connection with or following such
exercise, conversion or exchange, to receive payment of a fixed or defined sum (such securities
being referred to herein as “Qualified Convertible Securities” and such fixed or defined sum
being referred to as the “Preference Payment”), the “total maximum number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of all such Convertible
Securities” for purposes of clause () of Section B.4(e)(i)(B) above shall include, in addition to
the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or
exchange of all such Convertible Securities, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
quotient of (A) the aggregate Preference Payments of all such Qualified Convertible Securities so
issued, divided by (B) the total amount received or receivable by the Corporation as

-10- STM_STM_217496_1/MOKEEFE
consideration for the issue of one of such Qualified Convertible Securities (as set forth in the
instruments and agreements relating thereto).

(ii) Change in Exercise Price or Conversion Rate. If the
additional consideration payable to the Corporation upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of
any Convertible Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible into or .
exchangeable for Common Stock should change at any time, the Conversion Price that is in
effect at the time of such change that was adjusted in accordance with Section B.4(e)(i) upon the
issuance of such Convertible Securities shall be readjusted to the Conversion Price that would
have been in effect at such time had such Convertible Securities that are still outstanding
provided for such changed additional consideration or changed conversion rate, as the case may
be, at the time such Convertible Securities were initially granted, issued or sold; and on the
termination date of any right to exercise, convert or exchange such Convertible Securities
without such right having been exercised, the Conversion Price then in effect hereunder shall be
adjusted to the Conversion Price that would have been in effect at the time of such termination
had such Convertible Securities, to the extent outstanding immediately prior to such termination,
never been issued.

(iii) Exceptions for Excluded Securities. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no adjustments shall be made under Sections B.4(c), (d) and/or (e) with respect to the
issue, grant or sale of any Excluded Securities.

(iv) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. The consideration

received by the Corporation for the issue of any shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities
or any other Convertible Securities that such Convertible Securities may be converted into or
exercised or exchanged for shall be computed in accordance with Section B.2(d).

(f) Other Dijutive Issuances. If an event not specified in this Section B.4
(other than the issuance of Excluded Securities) occurs that has substantially the same economic
effect on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock as those events specifically
enumerated above in this Section B.4, then this Section B.4 shall be construed liberally, mutatis
mutandis, in order to provide the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock the intended benefit of the protections provided under this Section B.4. In such event, the
Corporation’s Board of Directors shall make an appropriate adjustment in the Conversion Price
so as to protect the rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock; provided that no such adjustment (other than in accordance with an event in the nature of
a combination or consolidation of the Common Stock) shall increase the Conversion Price above
the Series A Purchase Price or Series B Preferred Stock as otherwise determined pursuant to this
Section B.4 or decrease the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
each share of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock as otherwise determined in
accordance with this Section B.4.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder

-~Il- STM_STM_2174965_7/MOKEBFE
by the Corporation, and will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provi-
sions of this Section B.4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock hereunder
against impairment by the Corporation or any successor entities.

(h) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the.occurrence of each adjustment.

or readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section B.4, the Corporation at its
expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment or readjustment is based and the Series A Conversion Price or Series B
Conversion Price then in effect. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time by
any holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments,
(ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other property that at the time would be received upon the conversion
of such holder’s Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock.

(i) Rounding. All calculations under this Section B.4 shall be made to
(i) the nearest one cent or (ii) the nearest share, as the case may be. All calculations of
percentages, if any, shall be carried to three decimal points but shall not be rounded up or down.

(j) Limitations on Adjustments. Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, no adjustment in the Series A Conversion Price or Series B Conversion Price
shall be required unless such adjustment, either by itself or with other adjustments not previously
made, would require a change of at least $.0001 in such Series A Conversion Price or Series B
Conversion Price; provided, howeyer, that any adjustment which by reason of this paragraph (k)
is not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent
adjustment or immediately prior to any conversion. Furthermore, in the event of a Dilutive
Pinancing, no adjustment to the Series A Conversion Price or Series B Conversion Price shall be
made with respect to shares of a holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock
unless such holder shall have exercised in full any preemptive rights provided in any
stockholders agreement entered into by such holder and the Corporation.

5. rva f Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at
___ all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the issued or issuable shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock, as
the case may be, as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, and if at any time
the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect
the conversion of all then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock, the Corporation will take all such corporate action as may be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purpose.

-12- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFE
6. Ne Closing of Transfer Books. The Corporation shall not close its books
against the transfer of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock in any
manner that would interfere with the timely conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock
or Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions hereof.

7. Listing on Securities Exchanges, etc. The Corporation will use
commercially reasonable efforts to (a) list on each national securities exchange and the Nasdaq
National or SmallCap Market System, as applicable, on which any Common Stock may at any
time be listed, subject to official notice of issuance upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, all shares of Common Stock from time to time issued upon
the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Certificate of Incorporation and (b) maintain such listing as long as any Common Stock is listed.

8. Notice.

{a) Liquidation Events, Extraordi Transactions, Etc. In the event
(i) the Corporation establishes a record date to determine the holders of any class of securities
who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution or who are entitled to vote at a
meeting (or by written consent) in connection with any Liquidation Event or (ii) any Liquidation
Event is approved by the Board of Directors or the Corporation enters into any agreement with
respect thereto, the Corporation shall mail or cause to be mailed by first class mail (postage
prepaid) to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock at least ten (10)
days prior to such record date specified therein or the expected effective date of any such
transaction, a notice specifying (A) such record date for the purpose of such dividend or
distribution or meeting or consent and a description of such dividend or distribution or the action
to be taken at such meeting or by such consent, (B) the date on which any such Liquidation Event
is expected to become effective and, in the case of a Sale of the Corporation, the identity of the
parties thereto, and (C) the date on which the books of the Corporation shall close or a record
shall be taken with respect to any such event,

(b) Waiver of Notice. The holders of sixty-five percent (65%) of the

issued and outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting separately as a single class,

may, at any time upon written notice to the Corporation, waive, either prospectively or
retrospectively, any notice provisions specified herein, and any such waiver shall be effective as
to all holders of Preferred Shares.

(c) General. In the event that the Corporation provides any notice, report
or statement to holders of Common Stock, the Corporation shall at the same time provide a copy
of any such notice, report or statement to each holder of outstanding Preferred Shares.

9. Ne Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Series A Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption,
purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued, and all such shares shall be canceled, retired
and eliminated from the shares that the Corporation shall be authorized to issue.

-13- STM_STM_217496_2/MOKEEFE
10. Preemptive Rights. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock shall have the preemptive rights to the extent, if at all, provided in any
stockholders agreement entered into between such holders and the Corporation.

11. Redemption.

(a) The Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock may be
redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the holders of Preferred Shares pursuant to
redemption proceedings initiated by the Requisite Series B Stockholders at any time on or after
the fifth anniversary of the date of the initial issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock. In any
such case, the Requisite Series B Stockholders shall notify the. Corporation in writing (the
“Redemption Notice”) of their election to exercise the rights afforded by this Section B.11
(including as to any shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by any of the Requisite Series B

_ Stockholders). Upon receipt of the Redemption Notice, the Corporation shall promptly notify the

remaining holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock
thereof. Any Series A Stockholder and any Series B Stockholder that did not deliver the
Redemption Notice may then submit to the Corporation, within thirty (30) days following receipt
of the notice from the Corporation, notice of intent to seek redemption of all or any part of their
Preferred Shares (the “Secondary Redemption Notice”) and such Secondary Redemption
Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered on the same date that the Redemption Notice was
delivered. The redemption price for each share of Series A Preferred Stock or the Series B
Preferred Stock shall be cash in an amount equal to the Series A Liquidation Preference or the
Series B Liquidation Preference, as the case may be; plus interest thereon accruing from the date
of the initial issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock until the date the redemption is complete
(calculated as the date of the final annual installment, as provided in the next seritence) at the rate
of ten percent (10%) per annum (the “Redemption Price”). The Redemption Price shall be
payable by the Corporation to holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock
in three equal annual installments the first such installment being due no later than the ninetieth
(90th) day following the receipt of the Redemption Notice and on the anniversary of such first
installment thereafter.

(b) If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of its
shares are insufficient to redeem the total number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock for which redemption was elected, the holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock for which redemption was elected shall
share ratably in any funds legally therefor according to the respective amounts that would be
payable with respect to the full number of shares owned by them if all such outstanding shares
were redeemed in full. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation are
legally available for the redemption of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B
Preferred Stock, such funds will be used at the earliest permissible time to redeem the balance of
such shares, or such portion thereof for which funds are then legally available. The Corporation
Shall be obligated to use its best efforts to take such actions as may be necessary (including,
without limitation, the issuance of additional equity securities, the revaluation or recapitalization
of the Corporation or the consummation of Sale of the Corporation in order to permit the full and
timely redemption of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock for
which redemption was elected.

-14. STM_STM_217496_7/MOREEFE
({c) Until the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred
Stock have received in cash payment in full of all amounts provided in this Section B.11, the
Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock shall not be considered redeemed.
Such unredeemed shares shall remain outstanding and shall continue to have all rights and
preferences (including, without limitation, dividend, conversion and voting rights) provided for
herein; provided, however, that the holders of.such unredeemed shares shall have the ongoing
right to be redeemed, together with such rights and remedies as may be available under
applicable law, at each such holder’s election either (i)to have such holder’s remaining
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock redeemed, or
(ii} rescind the Redemption Notice with respect to all or any portion of such unredeemed shares
and to continue holding such shares, free of any right of the Corporation to redeem such shares

(d) The notices provided for in this Section B.11 shall be sent, if by or on
behalf of the Corporation, to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred
Stock at their respective addresses as shall then appear on the records of the Corporation, or if by
any holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock to the Corporation, at its
principal executive office or registered office in Delaware, by first class mail, postage prepaid,
and (i) in the case of a Redemption Notice or Secondary Redemption Notice, shall contain the
number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed, and (ii)
in the case of any notice by or on behalf of the Corporation, stating the place or places and time
at which the shares called for redemption shall, upon presentation and surrender of such
certificates representing such shares, be redeemed and the redemption price therefor.

(e) Any annual installment not paid when due in respect of redemption of
the Series A Preferred Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock for purposes of clause (a) hereof
shall bear additional interest at a rate of one percent (1%) per month until such overdue amount
plus additional interest is paid in full.

C. VOTING; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; EXIT TRANSACTION,

1. Voting Generally. Except as expressly set forth herein, the holder of each
share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall vote with holders of
Common Stock, voting together as single class on an as-converted basis, upon all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders. For such purpose, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock
or Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes per share of Series A
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, as equals the largest number of
shares of Common Stock into which each share of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred
Stock, as the case may be, may be converted pursuant to Section B.3 on the record date fixed for
the determination of stockholders entitled to vote or on the effective date of any written consent

- of stockholders, as applicable. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any

fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula with respect to any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with
one-half rounded upward to one). Notwithstanding Section 228(a) of the DGCL and except as
otherwise provided herein, no action that is required by the DGCL to be taken by stockholders at
any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation or that may be taken by
stockholders at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be taken

~15- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFE
without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote unless a consent or consents in writing
setting forth the action so taken shall be signed by the holders of a majority of the issued and
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class on an as-converted basis. There shall be no cumulative voting.

The number of directors comprising the Corporation’s board of directors (the "Board" or the
“Board of Directors”) shall consist of six (6) individuals, except as otherwise provided in this
Section C.2 or unless the holders of a majority of the Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a single class on an as-converted basis, including the
holders of at least sixty-five percent (65%) of the issued and outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, voting separately as a single class, shall otherwise consent. The Board of
Directors shall be elected as follows:

(a) two directors of the Corporation shall be elected by the
holders of Common Stock, voting separately as a single class for such purpose;

(>) one director of the Corporation shall be elected by the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a single class for such purpose (such
director being referred to as the “Series A Director”);

(c) two directors of the Corporation shall be elected by the
holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting separately as a single class for such purpose (such
directors being referred to as the “Series B Directors”); and

(d) one director of the Corporation shall be an outside
independent director and shall be elected by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, the
Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a single class, on an as-
converted basis for such purpose.

3. Election of Directors. The election of any director as provided in Section D.2
above by the holders of the shares of the class or series of Capital Stock entitled to elect such
director or directors shall occur (i) at the annual meeting of stockholders, (ii) at any special
meeting of stockholders, (iii) at any special meeting of holders of the shares of the class or series
of Capital Stock entitled to elect such director or directors called by the holders of not less than
two-thirds of the such class or series then outstanding or (iv) by the written consent of not less
than two-thirds of the holders of the shares of the class or series of Capital Stock entitled to elect
such director or directors then outstanding. Any director elected as provided in Section C.2
may be removed at any time with or without cause by and only by the requisite vote or written
consent of the holders of the shares of the class or series of Capital Stock entitled to elect such
director or directors, and any vacancy occurring by reason of such removal or by reason of the
death, resignation or inability to serve of any such director, shall be filled by and only by a vote
or written consent of the holders of the shares of the class or series of Capitol Stock entitled to
elect such director or directors. Any director so elected shall! serve until such director's successor
is duly elected and qualified, or such director's earlier death, resignation or removal by the

-16- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFB
holders of the shares of the class or series of Capital Stock entitled to elect such director or
directors.

4. Special Approval Rights.
(a) Series B Restricted Actions. So long as any shares of Series B

Preferred Stock remains outstanding, the affirmative vote of not less than sixty-five percent
(65%) of the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, shall
be necessary to authorize the Corporation to take any of the following actions (herein, each a
“Series B Restricted Action”):

(i) Amend, repeal or change, directly or indirectly, any of the
provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, or the By-laws of the Corporation in any manner
that would adversely alter or change, the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of
Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock including, without limitation, increasing the
aggregate authorized number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock or
altering the rights and preferences of the Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock; or

ii) Authorize, or increase the authorized number of shares of,
or issue additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, or any class or
series of the Corporation’s capital stock or options, warrants or other rights te acquire any such
capital stock ranking with respect to liquidation preference, dividends or redemption rights,
senior in right to, or on a parity with, the Series B Preferred Stock or the Series A Preferred
Stock.

(iii) Authorize or effect a change of control, liquidation, merger,
re-incorporation, recapitalization of the Corporation, or sale or other transfer of all or
substantially all of the Corporation’s assets other than in the ordinary course of business;

(iv) Authorize or effect or permit, any acquisition of the capital
stock of another entity, which results in the consolidation of that entity into the results of
operations of the Corporation or acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of another
entity;

(v) Authorize or effect the creation of any indebtedness for
borrowed money, in a single or related series of transactions, in an amount in excess of $500,000;

(vi) Authorize or effect the creation of a new plan or
arrangement for the grant of stock options or the issuance of restricted stock or increase the
number of shares available under such a plan or arrangement;

(vii) Authorize or effect an increase in the number of directors;
or

(viii) Authorize or effect the payment or declaration any dividend
or distribution on any shares of the Corporation’s Capital Stock (except dividends payable solely

-17- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKBEFE
in shares of common stock), or apply of any of the Corporation’s assets to the redemption or
repurchase of the Corporation’s Capital Stock (except as contemplated herein).

(b) Approval. The approval rights of the holders of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock to authorize the Corporation to take any of the Series B Restricted Actions as
provided in this Section C.4({a) may be exercised at any annual meeting of stockholders, at a
special meeting of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock held for such purpose or by written
consent. At each meeting of stockholders at which the holders of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock shall have the right, voting separately as a single class, to authorize the Corporation to take
any Series B Restricted Action as provided in Section C.4(a), the presence in person or by proxy
of the holders of two-thirds of the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be necessary
and sufficient to constitute a quorum. At any such meeting or at any adjournment thereof, in the
absence of a quorum of the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock, a majority of the
holders of such shares present in person or by proxy shall have the power to adjourn the meeting
as to the actions to be taken by the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock from time to
time and place to place without notice other than announcement at the meeting until a quorum
shail be present.

nities. Pursuant to Section 122(17) of
the DGCL, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in, or
in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any and all business opportunities that are
presented to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, their
Affiliates, the Series A Director or Series B Directors (collectively, the “Preferred Investor
Parties”) at any time that a Series A Director or Series B Director sits on the Board or that such
holders hold any Capital Securities of the Corporation. Without limiting the foregoing
renunciation, the Corporation acknowledges that the Preferred Investor Parties are in the business
of making investments in, and have investments in, other businesses similar to and that may
compete with the Corporation’s businesses (“Competing Businesses”), and agrees that the
Corporation shall have no right to limit or restrict any of the Preferred Investor Parties from
making additional investments in or having relationships with other Competing Businesses
independent of their investments in the Corporation. By virtue of a Preferred Investor Party
holding Capital Securities of the Corporation or by having persons designated by or affiliated
with such Preferred Investor Party serving on or observing at meetings of the Board of Directors
or otherwise, no Preferred Investor Party shall have any obligation to the Corporation, any of its
Subsidiaries or any other holder of Capital Securities of the Corporation to refrain from
competing with the Corporation and any of its Subsidiaries, making investments in or having
relationships with Competing Businesses, or otherwise engaging in any commercial activity; and
none of the Corporation, any of its Subsidiaries or any other holder of Capital Securities shall
have any right with respect to any such investments or activities undertaken by such Preferred
Investor Party. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Preferred Investor Party may engage in
or possess any interest in other business ventures of any nature or description, independently or
with others, similar or dissimilar to the business of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, and
none of the Corporation, any of its Subsidiaries or any other holder of Capital Securities of the
‘Corporation shall in such capacity have any rights or expectancy by virtue of such Preferred
Investor Party’s relationships with the Corporation, or otherwise in and to such independent
ventures or the income or profits derived therefrom; and the pursuit of any such venture, even if

-18- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEBSE
such investment is in a Competing Business shall not be deemed wrongful or improper. No
Preferred Investor Party shall be obligated to present any particular investment opportunity to the
Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries even if such opportunity is of a character that, if presented
to the Corporation or such Subsidiary, could be taken by the Corporation or such Subsidiary, and
the Preferred Investor Party shall continue to have the right to take for its own respective account
or to recommend to others any such particular investment opportunity. The provisions of this
Section C.5 shall in no way limit or eliminate any Preferred Investor Party’s duties,
responsibilities and obligations with respect to the protection of any proprietary information of
the Corporation and any of its Subsidiaries, including any applicable duty to not disclose or use
such proprietary information improperly or to obtain therefrom an improper personal benefit.

ARTICLE V
PERPETUAL EXISTENCE

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE VI

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: INDEMNIFICATION

To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, no Director of the Corporation shall be
personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a Director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the Director’s duty of loyalty
to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the
DGCL or (iv) for any transaction from which the Director derived an improper personal benefit.
If the DGCL is amended after the effective date of this Certificate of Incorporation to authorize
corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of Directors, then the
liability of a Director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by the DGCL, as so amended.

The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of Section 145 of
the DGCL, indemnify each person who it shall have power to indemnify under said section from
and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities or other matters referred to in or covered by
said section, The indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
rights to which each such indemnified person may be entitled under any by-law, agreement, vote
of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such ‘indemnified
 -person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity pursuant to service as a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased
to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, and shall inure to the benefit of
the heirs, executors and administrators of such person.

Any (i) repeal or amendment of this Article VI by the stockholders of the Corporation or
(ii) amendment to the DGCL shall not adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time
of such repeal or amendment with respect to any acts or omissions occurring before such repeal
or amendment of a person serving as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or

-19- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFE
otherwise enjoying the benefits of this Article VI at the time of such repeal or amendment.

ARTICLE VII
- AMENDMENTS

The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter or repeal any provisions contained in
this Certificate of Incorporation from time to time and at any time in the manner now or hereafter
prescribed in this Certificate of Incorporation and by the laws of the State of Delaware, and all
rights herein conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to such reservation.

ARTICLE VIT
MISCELLANEOUS

Subject to Article FV and in furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by
the laws of the State of Delaware:

(a) The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to
adopt, amend or repeal the By-laws of the Corporation.

(b) Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the By-laws
of the Corporation shall so provide. ,

'(c) The books of the Corporation may be kept at such place within or
without the State of Delaware as the By-laws of the Corporation may provide or as may be
designated from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(d) Meetings of the stockholders may be held within or without the State
of Delaware, as the By-laws may provide.

(ce) To the extent any provision contained in this Certificate of
Incorporation is inconsistent with the By-laws, then the provisions of this Certificate of
‘ Incorporation shall control.

ARTICLE IX

COMPROMISES OR ARRANGEMENTS WITH
CREDITORS AND STOCKHOLDERS

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between the Corporation and its
creditors or any class of them and/or between the Corporation and its stockholders or any class of
them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a
summary way of the Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application of
any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of
the DGCL or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers
appointed for the Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of the DGCL, order a meeting
of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the
Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs. Ifa

-20- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFB
majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors,
and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, agree
to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of the Corporation as consequence
of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said
reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the said application has been made, be
binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class: of
stockholders, of the Corporation, as the case may be, and also on the Corporation.

ARTICLE X
DEFINITIONS

The following terms are used herein with the meanings indicated:

“Affidavit of Loss” means an affidavit or written agreement reasonably satisfactory to
the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred in connection with the loss
_of any share certificate evidencing shares of the Corporation’s Capital Securities.

“Affiliate” means, as applied to the Corporation or any other specified Person, any
Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under direct or indirect common control
with the Corporation (or such specified Person) and shall also include (a) any Person who is an
officer or director of the Corporation or any Subsidiary (or other specified Person) and (b) in the
case of a specified Person who is an individual, any Family Members of any such Person.

"Board" and “Board of Directors” each has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section
C.2.

“Business Day” means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in Delaware.

“Capital Securities” means, as to any Person that is a corporation, the authorized shares
of such Person’s capital stock, including all classes of common, preferred, voting and nonvoting
capital stock, and, as to any Person that is not a corporation or an individual, the ownership
interests in such Person, including, without limitation, the right to share in profits and losses, the
right to receive distributions of cash and property, and the right to receive allocations of items of
income, gain, loss, deduction and credit and similar items from such Person, whether or not such
interests include voting or similar rights entitling the holder thereof to exercise contro! over such
Person,

“Certificate of Incorporation” means this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended from time to time.

“Common Stock” has the meaning specified in Article IV.

“Common Stock Deemed Outstanding” means, at any time of measurement thereof, the
number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding at such time, plus the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B
Preferred Stock (as equitably adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend, combination,

-21- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKESFE
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event involving
Common. Stock after the Effective Time), plus (without duplication) the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise in full of all outstanding Convertible Securities
whether or not such Convertible Securities are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for Common Stock at such time.

| “Competing Businesses” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section C.5.

"Conversion Price" means the Series A Conversion Price or the Series B Conversion
Price, as applicable.

“Convertible Securities” means securities or obligations that are directly or indirectly
exercisable for, convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock. The term
includes, without limitation, shares of Series A Preferred Stock, shares of Series B Preferred
Stock, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or to subscribe for or
purchase other Capital Securities or obligations that are, directly or indirectly, exercisable for,
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

“Dilutive Financing” means an issuance of additional shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities by the Corporation, other than Excluded Securities, at a price per share
less than the Series B Purchase Price.

“DGCL” means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as in effect from
time to time.

“Effective Time” means the consummation by the Corporation of the first sale of any
shares of Series B Preferred Stock following the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation with the Office of the Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance with the
DGCL.

“Elected Preferred Steck” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section B.3(c).

“Excluded Securities” means (i) Capital Securities issued by the Corporation in a
Qualified Public Offering, (ti) Convertible Securities or restricted stock grants issued to officers,
employees or members of the Board of Directors of, or consultants or other service providers to,
the Corporation or any Subsidiary that are options to purchase or grants of up to 500,000 shares
of Common Stock (as equitably adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend, combination,
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event involving
Common Stock after the Effective Time) or such higher number as may be authorized, issued,
granted or awarded in accordance with this Certificate of Incorporation, and the issuance of
shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of any such options or grants, (iii) Capital Securities
issued by the Corporation as direct consideration to any Persons (including the stockholders or
owners of Persons) as all or part of the consideration paid for the acquisition of ownership
__ interests in, or assets of, such Person in a transaction in which there is not a readily determinable

value being ascribed to such shares unless (A) such Person is an Affiliate of the Corporation
(other than a Subsidiary) or (B) Affiliates of the Corporation collectively own more than ten

+22 - STM_STM_217496_7/MOKERFE
percent (10%) of the ownership interests in such Person, (iv) Convertible Securities (including
Capital Securities issued upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof) and/or Capital
Securities issued by the Corporation to Persons who are not Affiliates of the Corporation as
partial consideration for senior debt financing, equipment lease financing or licensing,
(v) Convertible Securities (including Capital Securities issued upon exercise, conversion or
-exchange thereof) and/or Capital Securities issued by the Corporation in connection with a stock
split, stock dividend, combination, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar
event for which adjustment is made in accordance with Article IV, Section B.4, and/or
(vi) Capital Securities issued by the Corporation upon the conversion of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock.

“Family Member” means, as applied to any individual, such individual’s spouse,
children (including stepchildren or adopted children), grandchildren, parent, or any spouse of any
of the foregoing, and each trust or partnership created for the exclusive benefit of any one or
more of them.

“Fully Diluted Basis” means at any time the sum of (x) the number of issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock at such time, whether or not vested, plus (y) the total
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of all
Convertible Securities issued and outstanding at such time, whether or not such Convertible
Securities are exercisable, convertible or exchangeable at such time.

“Junior Securities” means any of the Corporation’s Common Stock and all other Capital
Securities and Convertible Securities of the Corporation other than (a) Series A Preferred Stock,
(b) Series B Preferred Stock and (c) those that both (i) by their terms, state that they are not
Junior Securities or provide the holders thereof with rights pari passu with or senior to those of
the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock and (ii) are approved for
issuance by two-thirds of the issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock in compliance with Article IV, Section C.4(a)(ii) and Article IV, Section

C.4(bXii), respectively.
“Liquidation Event” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section B.2(a).
“Majority Conversion” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section B.3(b).

“New Securities” mcans any Capital Securities and Convertible Securities of the
Corporation or any other security, obligation or instrument (whether denominated as equity, debt
or otherwise) that has significant equity-like economic attributes; provided, however, that
Excluded Securities shall not constitute New Securities.

“Person” or “person” means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability
company, association, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization or other entity and any
government, governmental department or agency ot political subdivision thereof.

“Preferred Investor Parties” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section C.5.

-23- STM_STM_217496_7/MOKEEFE
“Preferred Shares” means shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock. .

“Public Offering” means any offering by the Corporation of its Common Stock to the
public pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or any comparable statement under any similar federal statute then in force, other than
an offering of shares being issued as consideration in a business acquisition or combination or an
offering in connection with an employee benefit plan.

“Qualified Holder” means a Person that can establish to the Corporation’s satisfaction
that such Person is at the time of the issue of Offered New Securities an “Accredited Investor”
within the meaning of Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933 and otherwise possesses
qualifications such that the Corporation may offer and issue Offered New Securities to such
Person in compliance with an available exemption from the registration requirements pertaining
thereto under the Securities Act of 1933 and other federal and state securities laws and

regulations.
“Qualified Public Offering” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section B,3(b).
“Redemption Notice” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section B,11(a).
“Redemption Price” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section B.11(a).

“Requisite Series B Stockholders” means the holders of at least sixty-five percent (65%)
of the issued and outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock.

“Sale of the Corporation” means any of the following: (a) a merger or consolidation of
the Corporation into or with any other Person or Persons in a single transaction or a series of
related transactions in which the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such
merger, consolidation, transaction or first of such related series of transaction possess less than
fifty percent (50%) of the surviving entity's issued and outstanding voting Capital Securities
immediately after such merger, consolidation, transaction or related series of such transactions
(provided that a Qualified Public Offering or Majority Conversion resulting in ownership by the
stockholders of the Corporation immediately after such event shall not be a “Sale of the
Corporation”); or (b) a sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets to any Person
(including indirectly by the grant of an exclusive license or licenses to all or substantially all of

the Company’s Intellectual Property).
“Series A Conversion Price” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section B.3(a).
“Series A Director” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section C.2.

“Series A Liquidation Preference” means an amount equal to the Series A Purchase
Price, plus any declared but unpaid dividends.

“Series A Preferred Stock” has the meaning specified in Article IV.

=24~- STM_STM_217496_72MOKEEFB
“Series A Purchase Price” means $0.75 per share of Series A Preferred Stock (as ©
equitably adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend, combination, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event involving the Series A
Preferred Stock after the Effective Time).

“Series B Directors” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section C.2.
“Series B Conversion Price” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section B.3(a).

“Series B Liquidation Preference” means an amount equal to the Series B Purchase
Price, plus any declared but unpaid dividends.

“Series B Preferred Stock” has the meaning specified in Article IV.

“Series B Purchase Price” means $2.50 per share of Series B Preferred Stock (as
equitably adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend, combination, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event involving the Series B
Preferred Stock after the Effective Time). |

“Series B Restricted Action” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section C.4(a).

.“Subsidiary”/’Subsidiaries” means any corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total
voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency).to
vote in the election of directors thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly,
by the Corporation or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of the Corporation or a combination
thereof, or (ii) if a partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity, a
majority of the ownership interests therein is at the time owned or controlled, directly or
indirectly, by the Corporation or one or more Subsidiaries of that person or a combination
thereof. For purposes hereof, the Corporation shall be deemed to have a majority ownership
interest in a partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity if and only
if the Corporation shall be allocated a majority of partnership, limited liability company,
association or other business entity gains or losses and shall be or control the managing general
partner of such partnership, association or other business entity or the managing member of such
limited liability company.

“Voluntary Conversion Notice” has the meaning specified in Article IV, Section B.3(c).

- 25 - $TM_STM_217496_7/MOKEERE
I, Dr. Kerla Ewalt, the President of the Corporation, for the purpose of amending
and restating the Corporation's certificate of incorporation pursuant to the General Corporation
Law of the Ste of Delaware, do make this certificate, hereby declaring and certifying that this is
my act and decd on beheif of the Corporation, and the facts herein stated are true, and
accordingly hereunto set my hand this 30th day of November, 2006.

aTYR PHARMA, INC.

By.
Name: Dr. Karla Ewalt
Title: President

[Signature page to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation|

-26- STM. S64_217496_TMOKEITE,
