. - A AN ee?

4+
Ld oy ot ,
mon LEDS
; OF the gin Setetary of Stax
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED late of Calfomia
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION SEp 09 290r
OF AUCTIONDROP, INC. ws
George E. Northup 2nd James M. Keshland hereby certify that:
L. They are the duly elected President and Assistant Secretary, respectively, of

AuctionDrop, Inc., a California corporation.

2. The Fourth Amended anc Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation
shal] be amended «nd restated to read in ful! as follows:

ARTICLE !

The name of the corporation is AuctionDrop. Inc. (the “Cerporation”™).

ARTICLE H

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Genera! Corporation Law of California other than the
batiking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
1acorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE JH

Tie Corporation is authorized to issue two clesses of stock. designated “Coinmon Stock"
and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of snares of Common Stock that the Corporation ts
authonzed to issu is 275,000,000 shares, $0.00! par value per share. The total number of shares
of Preferrec Stock that the Corporation :s authon ed to issue 1s 165,000,000 shares, $0.001 par
value per share.

The Preferred Stov’ may be issued from time to time in one or tore series. The first
senics of Preferred Stock shall be comprised of 40.0G),U000 shares and shall be designated
“Series A Preferred Stock.” The second senes of Preferred Stock shall be comprised of
-2.000,000 shares and shali be designated “Series 4-1 Preferred Stockh.” The third sence. oF
Preterred Siock shall be comprised of 65.£00,1000 shares and shall be desiznated “Series B
Preferred Stock.” Vhe fourth series of Preterred Stuck shall be comprised of 37,506,000 shares
and shall be designated “Series C Freferred Stock” As uscd herein. the term “Preferred Stockh”
without designation shall refer to shares of the Series A Preferred Stoca, Sertes A-] Preferred
Stock. Series B Preterred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, collectively.

AL Preferred Stock. The relative rights. preferences. povileges and restricuons xranted ti
or imposed upen the Preferred Stock are as follows

tt Ghee
1. Dividends. The holders of the then outstanding Series A Preferre+ Stock,
Series A-! Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock sual! be
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of assets legally
available therefor. prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on *he
Common Stock (payable other than in Common Stock o7 other securities or righis convertible
into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, addition. shares of Commmor:
Stock), dividends at the rate of eight percent (8%) of the Original Series A Price (as defined in
Article HI, Paragraph A, Section 2(b)) per share per annum, eight percent (8%) of the Original
Series A-1 Price (as defined in Anucle If, Paragraph A, Section 2(b)) per share per annum, and
7.699% of the Original Series B Price (as defined in Anticle III, Paragraph A, Section 2(b)) per
share per annum, and eight percent (8%) of the Original Series C Price (as defined in Article II],
Paragraph A, Section 2(a)) per share per annum, respectively. cach as adjusted for any stock
splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, and similar recapitalization events (each a
"Recapitalizatior Event’). No dividends shall be paid on any share of Common Stock unless a
dividend (including the amount of any dividends paid pursuant to the above provisions of this
Section 1) is paid with respect to all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock in an amount for each
such share of Preferred Stock equal to or greater than the aggregate amount of such dividends for
ali shares of Common Stock into which each such share of Preferted ‘stock could then be
converted. The nght to dividends on shares of Preferred Stock shall not be cumulative. and no
right shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares
are not declared in any penod, nor shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue
interest.

2. Liquidation Preference. in the event of any Liquastiion Event subject to the
nghts of any senes of Preferred Stock that may trom time to time come into existence, the assets
and funds of tue Corporation available tor distnbution to shareholders shall be alstributed as
Toilows:

(a) First, the holders of shares of Sertes C i’referred Stock then ostending
shall be entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Cerporation available for distribution to its
shareholders, before any payment shall be made in respect of the Senes A Preferred Stock,
Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stuck and Common Stock, an amount equal to
three (3) times the Original Series C Price pe. share of Series C Preferred Stock, plus all declared
and unpaid dividends on the Seties C Preferred Stock to the date fixed for such distribution. The
Onginal Senes C Price is $0.1826, us adjusted for any Recapitalization Events. If upon the
occurrence of any Liquidation Event, ihe assets of the Corporation avarluble for distribution to its
shareholders are insutticient to permu ine paymen: to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock of
the foregoing full preferential amount, then the entire assets of the Corporation available for
distnbution to tts shareholders shall be distributed to the holders of the Series C Preterred Stuck
rataliy in proportion to the full preferential amount which the. sould be entitied to receive
pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Article HT, Parayraph A. Section 2a).

{b) After the full preterentral ammount due the hciders of Sertes C Preferred
Stock pursuant to Article [ff Paragraph A. Section 2(a) has been paid or set aside, ihe holders of
shares of Senes A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Seres B Preferred Stuck then

outstanding shall be entided to receive. out of the assets of the Corporation available for

e

distribution to its shareholders, before any payment snail. be made an respect of the Common
Recapitalization Events (the “Original Series .4 Price’’), (ii} $0.1826 per share of Series A-1!
Prefezred Stock, as adjusted for any Recapitalization Events (the “Original Series A-1 Price’),
and (iii) $0.1826 per share of Series B Preferred Stock, as adjusted for any Recapitalization
Events (the “Original Series B Price’), plus ali declared and unpaid dividends on the Senes A
Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B Freferred Stock, respectively, to the
date fixed for such distribution. [f, upon the occurrence of any Liquidation Event, the remaining
assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders are insufficient to pennit
the payment to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock of the foregoing full preferential amounts, then the entire remaining assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders shall be distributed to the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Senes B Preterred Stock ratably in
proportion to the full preferential! amounts which they would be entitled to receive pursuant to
the preceding sentence of this Article II], Paragrath A, Section 2(b).

(c) After the full preferential araov:.:is due the nolders of Series A Preterred
Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Senes B Preferred Stock pursuant to Article IIT,
Paragraph A, Section 2(b) have been paid or set aside, the remaining asset: of the Corporation
available for distribution to its shareholders, .. any, shall be distributed to the holders of
Common Stock and Preferred Stock ratably in proportion tc the number of shares of Common
Stock then held, or issuable upon conversion cf the shares of Preferred Stock then held, by each
solder.

(d) Each of the following events shal! be deemed to be a “Liquidatio.s Event™
as that term is used in this Fifth Arnended and Restated Articles of Incorporation: (1) the
liquidation. dissclution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, (21). a
merver or consolidation of the Corporation inte or with another entity after which the
shareholders of the Corporation immediateiv prior to sucht transaction do not own, immediately
flowing the consummation of the transaction by virtue of their shares in the Corporation or
securities received in exchange for such shares in connection with the transaction, more than
fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving entity. (4) the szle or transfer by the
Corporation or its shareholders of more than fifty percens (S0%) of the soting power of the
Cerporation in a transaciion or series of related transactions, and tiv! the sale. lease, transfer or
other disposition (but not including a transfer or disposition by picdye or mortgage to a bona fide
lender) of all or substantially ail of the assets of the Corporation (each of the transactions
desenbed in subsections (ii). (iii) and Gv) of this definition of Liquidation Event shall be known
as a “Chunge in Control Liquidation Event’). Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither (A) a
merger effected cevclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation nor
(B) the sale of snares oF Preferred Stock of the Corporation in a transaction or series of related
transactions effecied primarily for equity financing purposes, shal! he deemed a Liquidation
Event.

(e) In the event of any Tiquidation Event of the Corporation insviviiig the
distribution of assets other than casn to the shareholders of the Corporation, the value of the
assets to be distmbuted shall be determined as tollaws:

(i) In the cause of sccumues that are not subrect einmvestoien! letter er

ormer similar restactions on tree tradabuins.

eer er)
(A) if traded ona national secunties exchange or through the
Nasdaq Nationa! Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities over the ten (10) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(B) if actively waded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of (i) the average of the iast bid and ask prices cr (ii) the closing sale
prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing; and

(C) _ if there is no active public market, the value shall be the
fair market value thereof, as determined in gocd faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) In the case of securities subject to investment letter or other
restrictions on free marketability (cther than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate). the value shali be based on an appropriate
discount from the market value determined as above in Section 2(4)(i) to reflect the approximate
fair market value thereof, as determ.ned in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(iii) — In the case of any other property. the value shall be equal to the
property's tair market value, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(fh Consent to Certain Repurchases. Each hotder of shares of Preferred
Steck shall be deemed to have consented, fer purposes of Sections 592 and 503 of the General
Corporation Law c* Califomia, to any distribution made by the Corporation in connection with
the repurchase of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors,
consultants or other service providers (i) upon termination of their employment or services,
(i1) in connection with other repurchases from emptoyees at the then deemed fair market value of
the Common Stock, if approved by the Board of Directors, or (511) in connection with the
exercise by the Corporation of contractual nghis of first refusal or first offer pursuant to
agreements providing for the nght of said repurchase between the Corporation and such persons,
provided the terms of such repurchase shall have been approved by the Board of Dircctors.

3. Conversion. The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
toliows:

{a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible. at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share. at the office
of the Corporation or any transfer ayent for the Preferred Stock. into a number of fully paid and
nonassessabie shares of Common Stock equal to the Orizinal Series A Price. in the case of the
Series A Preferred Stock. the Original Series 4-1 Pree. in ic case of the Series \-! Preferred
Stock, the Original Series bb Price, in the case of the Series 8 Preterred Stock. or the Orngima!
Senes C Price, in the case of the Senes C Preferred Stock. divided bs the Series A Conversion
Price (as defined below), in the case of the Series A Preferred Stuck. the Series Ae} Conversion
Prive (as defined below). in the case of the Series A-] Preferred Stock. the Series B Consersion
Price (as defined below), in the case of the Serres B Preferred Stock. er the Series C Conver sen
Price (as defined below), in the case of the Series C Preferred Stock. cach in effect at the ume of
conversion (each, a “Conversion Rate’). The conversion price tor the Seres A Preferred Stock

a i re 2)
shall initially be $0.0989 (the “Series A Conversion Price’), the conversion price for the Series
A-1 Preferred Stock shall initially be $0.1826 (the “Series A-1 Conversion Price’), the
conversion price for the Series B Preferred Stock shall initially be $0.1826 (the “Series B
Conversion Price’’), and the conversion price for the Series C Preferred Stock shall initiaily be
$0.1826 (the “Series C Conversion Price”). The Series A Conversion Price, Series A-!
Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price and Series C Conversion Price (each a “Conversion
Price,” and together the “Conversion Prices”) shall be subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 3(d)} below.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shal! automatically
be converted into fully paid and nonassessab! shares of Common Stock, at the then effective
applicable Conversion Rate, upon (i) the vote or written consent of at least a majority of the
voting power represented by the then outstanding shares of Preferced Stock or (11) the closing of
a firm cemmitment underwniten public offering pursuant to an ef *ctive registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock at
an offering price of not less than $0.5478 per share, as adjusted for ars: Recapitialization Event,
with aggregate gross proceeds to the Corporation (prior to underwniters’ commissions and
expenses) of not less than $25,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO").

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder sha! surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor. duly endorsed. at the headquarters of tne Corporation or of any
iranster agent for the Corporation and shall give written notice io the Corporation at such office
that the holder elects to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are te be issued (except that no such
Written notice of election to convert shall be necessary in the event of an aulomatic conversion
pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof). The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thers ifter. issue
and deliver at such office to such holder of Preterred Stock. ur to the nominee o; nomunces of
such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred
Stock to be converted (except that, in the case o- an autematic Conversion upon an inital public
offering pursuant to Section 3(b), such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the closing of the offering) and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shali be treated for all purposes as the
record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date. Upon the occurrence of
either of the events specified in Section 3(b) above, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and
whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or is
transfer agent: provided, however. that the Corporeticn shail not be obliwated ty issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Siock issuable upon such conversion unless either the
ceruficates evidenciny such shares of Preferred Stock are denvered to the Corporation oF its
transfer agent us provided above. or the holder noufies the Corporation or is transfer agent that
such certificates bave been lost, stolen or destrosed and execules an aereement satisfactors to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any Joss incurred bv in connection with suck
certincetes.

ere cy
(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Dilutive Issuances.

j@ Special Defimitioas. For purposes of this Article II], Paragraph A,
Section 3(d), the following definitions shall apply:

(A) “Origine! Issue Date” shall mean the date on which shares
of the Series C Preferred Stock are first issued by the Corporation.

(B) “Additional Shares of Common Stock’ shall mean all
shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Article IfI, Paragraph A, Section 3(d){i1) below,
deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the Original Issuc Date. other than:

(1) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
the Preferred Stock;

(2) up to 21.264,404 shares of Common Stock (as
adjusted for any Recapitalization Events) issued or issuable to officers, directors or employees
of, or consultants to, the Corporation pursuant to any stock option plan or agreement or other
emplovee stock incentive program or agreement approved by the Board of Directors; provided,
however, that such number shall be increased by the number of shares of Common Stock (1) as
approved by at least eighty five percent (85%) of the Board of Dire«:tors, (11) not issued pursuant
to the rights. agreements, options or warrants (the “Unexercised Options”) as a result of the
terminaticn or cancellation of such Unexercised Options, and (iii) reacquired by the Corporation
from emplovees, directors or consultants at cost (or the lesser of cost or fair market valuc)
pursuant to agreements which permit the Corporation to repurchase such shares upon termination
of services to the Corporation (in the case of (1), (ii) or (111), the “Zncreased Option Reserve’),
and the shares of Common Stock representing the Increased Option Reserve shal! also be
excluded from the definition of Additional! Shares of Common Stack:

(3) shares issued or tssuiS’ to landiords, equipment
lessors, lenders or other financial institutions in 2 commercial transa: © r_ arranyement
approved by the Board of Directors,

(4) shares issucd upen cacre'se of conversion Of ans
warrants and options that are outstandiny as of the date of this Fifth Amended ad Restated
-Arucites of Incorporation;

(5) shares tssued im connection wii the acquisition bs
the Corporation of voting control or all or substantially all of the assets of another business entity
In a transaction approved by the Board of Directors;

(6) shares :ssued in connection with she Qualined IPO:

(7) shares for which an adjustment is nade pursuant te
Article HI, Paragraph A. Section 3d tv).

A feb ye SET

Sa foe tae
(8) shares issued in connection with a strategic
investment and/or acquisition of technology or intellectual property in transactions that are
approved by at least eighty five percent (85%) of the Board of Directors;

(9) Convertible Securities (as defined below) and
warrants issued in connection with that certain Secured Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement,
dated as of May 3, 2004, as such may be amended from time to time (the “Note Purchase
Agreement’), and shares issucd upon conversion and/or exercise of the Convertible Securities
and warrants issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Ayreement;

(10) — shares issued upon approval (by vote or written
consent) of the holders of at Icast a majonty of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock voting
as a single ciass on an as-converted basis; or

(11) _— shares issued by way of dividend or other
distribution on shares of Common Stock excluded from the detinition of Additional Shares of
Common Stock by the foregoing clauses (1) through (10).

{C) “Options” shall mean nzhts, options or warrants to
subsenbe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as
defined below ).

(D) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness, shares of Preferred Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeabie for
Comnaion Stock.

(ii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Commoa Stock. In the
event the Corporation at anv time or from time to time after the Original! Issue Date shall issue
any Options or Convertib‘e Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of hoiders
of any class of securities =+ «.tled to receive any such Options or Convertible Sccunties. then the
following provisions sha!l ply:

(A) The maximum number of shares (us set forth in the
insirument relating thereto without regard to any provisions ccntained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or
upon the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities shall be deemed to be Additions!
Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of the issuance of such Option or Convertible
Secuntty or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed. as of the close of business of such
record date.

(B) Except as provided in paraurapns (Cr and (D1 Selo ne
further adjustment in the applicable Cenversion Price shall be made upon the subsequent issue oF
Convertible Secunties or shares of Common Stock upon the exercise oF such Options or
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Secuntes

(C) ifsuch Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or othemvise. tor any change in the consideration payable to the

oe ere Se -

tS, oma.
Corporation or the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or
exchange thereof (other than a change resulting trom any antidilution provisions of such Options
or Convertible Securities), such Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or
upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based
thereon shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect
such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or the nghts of conversion or
exchange under such Convertible Securities; provided, however, that such recomputed
Conversion Price shall not exceed the Conversion Price that would have been in effect had the
original issuance of Options or Convertible Securities not been deemed to constitute an issuance
of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(D) Upon the expiration of any such Options or Convertible
Securiies, such Conversion Price, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such
Options or Convertible Secunties, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number
of shares of Common Stock actually issuec! upon the exercise of such Options or Convertible
Securities.

(iii) Adjustment of Conversion Price for Dilutive Issuances. In the
event the Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Comman Stock (including Additional
S‘sres of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Artucle UI, Paragraph A,

Sz ‘ion 3(dXii)) after the Orginal Issue Date without consideration or for a consideration per
shire less than the Series A Conversion Price, Series A-] Conversion Price. Series B Conversion
Price or Series C Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance (a “Dilutive
Issuance’), then and in each such event the Series A Conversion Price, the Series A-1
Conversion Price, the Series B Conversion Price and/or the Series C Conversion Price, as the
case may be, shall be reduced to a price (rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of one cent) equal
to such Conversion Price multiplied by a fraction:

(x) the numerator of which is equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior te such rssaance plus the number of shares of
Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received py the Corporation for the toul
number of Additional Shares of Common Stuck su tssued weuld purchase at such Cons ersion
Pre in effect immediately prior to such issuance: and

(¥) the denominator of which ts equal to the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such :ssuance plus the number of Additionai
Shares of Common Stock so tssued

For the purposes of this Article II. Paragraph A. Section 3(din, the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding shall be deemed to inciude the Common Stock issuable upon fui
exercise and conversion of all then outstanding Options and Convertible Secursues.

In the event of a Dilutive Issuance (the “/nitial Dilutive Issuance’), and the Corporation
issues or sells, or 1s deemed to have issued or suld, Additional Shares of Common Stock as part
of the same transaction or semes of related transact:ons as the Iratia! Dilutive issuanee teach. 2
“Subsequent Dilutive Issuance’), then and in each such case. upon the Subsequent Diutive
Issuance the Conversion Price shall be reduced to the Conversion Price that would have been in

Soe Sue eee Se
effect had the Initial Dilutive Issuance and each Subsequent Dilutive Issuance all occurred on the
closing date of the Initial Dilutve Issuance.

(iv) Cetermimation of Consideration. For purposes of this Article II],
iaragraph A, Section 3(d), i‘. con sideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any
Acditionai Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(1} insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable
discounts. commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Cerporation for any
underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof;

(2) insofar as it consists of property other than cash. be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issuc, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors; and

(3) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock
are issued together with other securities or other assets of the Corporation tor consideration that
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (1) and (2) above, as determined in zood faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) Options aad Convertible Securities. The consideration
per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have
been issued pursuant to Article III, Paragraph A, Section 3(d) relating to Options and Convertible
Secunutes shall be equal to:

(x) the total amount, 1f any. received or receivable by
the C. .poration as consideration for the issuance of such Options or Convertihis Sveuriues, plus
the. ; smum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the insinur:: nts
relating ‘nereto, without regard to any provision contained therein ior a subscquent adjustment of
such consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Converi:ble Secunties, or in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertibie Securities and the conversio:. or
exchange of such Convertible Secunties, divided by

(¥) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
(as set forth in the instruments relating thereto. without regard to any pre vision contanied theren
for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the evercise of such: Opuiens or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securites.

(v) Other Adjustments to Conversion Price.

(A) Subdivisions, Combinations or Consolidations of
Common Stock. In the event the outstanding shares 0° Cammon Stock shall be subdivided,
combined or consolidated. by stock split. reverse stock split or similar event. inte a xreater or
sesser number of shares of Common Stock atter the Onginat Issue Date. the Conversion Prices in

PR Beds

tS Ate ees
effect immediately prior to such subdivision, combination or consolidation shall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such subdivision, combination or consolidation, be proportionately
adjusted.

(B) Common Stock Dividends and Distributions. If. after
the Original Issue Date, the Corporation at any time or from time to time issues, or fixes a record
date for determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other
distribution payable in additional! shares of Common Stock, then in each such event, as of the
time of such issuance or, in the event such record date is fixed, as of the close of business cn
such record date, the Conversion Prices that are then in effect shall be decreased by multiplying
each Conversion Pnce then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately pnor to the time of such issuance
or the close of business on such record date, and (y) the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
or the close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Steck issuable
in payment of such dividend or distribution: provided, however, that if such record date is fixed
and such dividend or distrioution is not paid in full on the date fixed therefor, each Cu:version
Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and
thereafter each Conversion Price shal! be adjusted pursuant to this Article IIT. Paragraph A.
Section 3(d) vB) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distnbution.

(C) Other Distributions. In case the Corporation shall
distribute to holders of its Common Stock shares of its capital stock (other than shares of
Common Stock and other than as othenvise subject to adjustment pursuant to this Section 31d).
stock or other securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or
other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or nghts (excluding options to
purchase and nyhts to subscnbe for Common Stock or other securities of the Corporation
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Steck), or shall fix a record date tor determination
of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive such a distnbution, then. in cach such case.
provision saall be made so that the holders of Preferred Stock shali be entitled to receive. upen
conversion thereof, in addition to the number of shares of Common Stock rece:vable thereupen,
the amount of securities of the Corporation that they would have received had their Preferred
Stock been convertea into Common Stock on the date of, but prior to, such event (or on the
record date with respect thereto, if such record date ts fixed) and had they thereafter, during the
penod trem the date of such event to and including the date of conversion, retained such
securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, subject to all other adjustments
called for dunny such penod under this Article IH, Paragraph A, Section 3 with respect tu the
rights of the holders of Preterred Stock.

(D)  Recapitalizations and Reorganizations. [n the case of
any cupital recapitalization or reorganization (other than a subdivision, comeination or other
recapitalization provided for elsewhere in this Article ill, Paragraph A, Section 3 or 2
Liquidation Event provided for in this Article III. Perggraph A, Section 2). or the Suing of any
record date for determinanon of holders of Comunon Stock anected by such recapitabzation or
reorganization, provision shall be made so that the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, upon conversion thereof. the number of shares of stock or other securities or property ot
the Corporation or otherwise that thes would ha.e received had their Preterred Stock been
converted into Common Stock on the date of, but prior to. such event (or on the record date with
respect thereto, if such record date is fixed) and had they thereafter, during the period from the
date of such event to and including the date of conversion, retained such securities receivable by
them as aforesaid during such period, subject to all other adjustments called for during such
period under this Article III, Paragraph A, Section 3 with respect to the nights of ihe holders of
Preferred Stock.

(e) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment
or readjustment of each of the Conversion Prices pursuant to this Section 3, the Corporation at its
expense shall promptly compuie such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms
hereof and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
reacjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment 1s
based including the consideraticn received for any Additional Shares of Common Stock issued.
The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preterred Stock.
furnish or cause to be furnished tc such holder a like certificate setting forth (1) such adjustments
and readjustments, (13) the applicable Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (iil) the number
of shares of Common Stock and the type and amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received unon the conversion of such shares of Preferred Stock.

(fh Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the
holder of Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to
such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of one share of Common Stock as determined in
zood faith by the Board of Directors. The :.umber of whole shares issuable to each hoider of
Preferred Stock upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock
being converted into Cornmon Stock by such holder at that time.

(g) Notices of Record Date. In the event (i) the Corporation shall take a
record of the holders of its capital stock for the purpose of enlitling tnem to receive a dividend or
other distribution (other than a cash dividend) or to subscribe for or purchase any shares of stock
of any class or to receive any other nxhts, (1) of any capital reorgamzution, reclassification or
recapitalization (other than a subdivision or combination of its autstanding shares of Common
S .ck) or Gi) of any Liquidation Event, then. and in any such case. the Corporation shall cause
lo be mailed to cach holder of record of the Preterred Stock at the address of record of such
shareholder as set forth on the Corporation’s books. at least ten (10) days prior to the earliest date
hereinafter specifsed, a notice stating the maternal terms of the proposed transaction and the date
on which (x) a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distr buon or nghts or
iv) such reurgamzaion, reclassification, recapitalization or Liquidation Event is to take piace and
the date, if any is to be fixed, as of which holders of capital stock of recerd shall be eniitled to
exchanye their shares of capitai stock for secunites or other property deliverable upon such
reorganization, reciassification, recapitalization, or Liquidation Event: provided, however. that
suck nouce penod may be shortened upon tie written consent of the holders of at least a majority
ofthe vouny power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. [fany materia! chanye in
the fucts set forth in the written notice shall occur, the Corporation shali promptly yive writen
nothee of such maternal change to each holder of Preferred Stock

aT Ot wet
(b) No Impairment. Without obtaining such consent of the holders of
Preferred Stock as may be required under Scction 6, the Corporation will net, by amendment of
its Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, :ssue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation, but will at ail times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of Preferred Stock ayainst
impairment.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall
at all times reserve and keep ava:'able out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock. solely for the purpose of e1. -ting the conversion of the Preferred Stock, such number of
its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock: and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversien of all then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion
of its counsel, be necessary to inzrease its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to
such number of shares as shall ke sufficiert for such purpose.

ww Waiver of Adjustment to Conversion Prices. Notwithstanding ansthing
herein to the contrary, any downward adjusiment of the Series A Converston Price, Series A-]
Conversion Price, Series 3 Conversion Price or Sees C Conversion Price required by this
Anticle ITI. Paragraph A, Section 3 may be waived, cither prospectively or retroactively, ina
particular instance, by the written consent or vote of the hoiders of a major..y of the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the case of any downward adjustment of the Series A
Conversion Price. the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Sernes A-] Preferred
Stock in the case of any downward adjust.nent of the Senes A-] Conversion Pnce, the holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock in the case of any downward
ad;ustment of the Senes B Conversion Price and the holders of a majonty of the outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock in the case of any downward adjustment of the Series C
Conversion Price. Any such waiver shall bind all future hoiders of shares of Senes A Preferred
Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as the
case mas be.

4. Redemption.

(a) Redemption Date and Price. Sub;ect te the muhts of uny semes of
Preferred Stock that may from time to ime come into existence, at eny time afer five (5) vears
from the Orginal Issue Date, but within ninety (90) days after receipt by the Corporation of a
written request from the holders of nat less than a majority of the then outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock that all or a specified percentace of such holders’ shares of Preferred Stock de
regeemed, the Corporation shall, to ihe eatent it mas lawfully do so. redeem tie shares specified
in such request in three (3) annual instalimenis in accordance with the procedures cet forth in this
sechion 4%) paying im cash therefor ¢ sum per share equal to (1) $0989 per share of Series A
Preterred Siock (as cdjusted tor any Recapttalization Fvents). (1 $0 1826 per share of Series A-
1 Preterred Steck (as adrusted for any Recupitelization Eventsi. Gi $2) 826 per share of Serres

. be
tS ft atone
B Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Events) and (iv) $0.1826 per share of
Senies C Prefe::ca Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Events), plus all declared or
accumulatea buat "nzaid dividends on such shares (the “Redemption Price’). The date fixed for
redemption of each installment is referred to herein as a “Redemption Date.” The number of
shares of Preferred Stock that the Corporation shall be required to redeem on any Redemption
Date shall be equal to (i) the aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such Redemption Date, divided by (11) the number of remaining
Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date to whick such calculation applies). Any
redemption of less than all of the outstanding Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4 shall be
made pro rata among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of shares of
Preferred Stock then held by each such holder.

(b) Procedure. Subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock that may
from time to time come into existence, at least fifleen (15) but no more than thirty (30) days pnor
to each Redemption Date, wnitten notice shall be mailed, first class postage prepaid. to each
holder of record (at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which
notice is given) of the Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at the address last shown on the records
of the Corporation for such hoider, notifying the holder of the redemption to he effected,
specifying the number of shares to be redeemed trom such holder. the Redemption Date, the
applicable Redemption Price and the place at which payment may be obtained and calling upon
such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, such
hoider’s certificate or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed (the “Redemption
Notice’). Except as provided in Section 4(c), on or after each Redemption Date, each holder of
shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender to the Cerporation the certificate or
certificates representing such shares, in the manner and at the piace designated tn the
Redemption Notice, and thereupon the applicable Redemption Pnee ef such shares shall be
payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the
owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be cancelled. In the even: less than all the
shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed. a new certificate shall be issued
representing the unredeemed shares.

(ce) Effect of Redemption: Insufficient Funds. From and after each
Redemption Date, uniess there shall have been a default in payment cf the Redemption Price, all
rights of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption
Note relating te such Redemption Date (except the rivht to receive the applicable Redemption
Price without interest upon surrender of their certificate or ceruficates) shall cease with respect to
such shares, and such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or
be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever Subyect to the nyhts of anv series of
Preferred Stock which may from time to time come into existence, 1 the funds of the
Corporation legally available for redemption of Prefer~2¢ Stock on any Redemption Date are
insufficient to redeem the total number of shares of Prete red Stock to be redeemed on such date.
those funds which are legaily available shali be used ig redeem the meaimuni possible number 0!
such shares of the Preferred Stock raably amony th> holders of such shares of Preterred Stock to
be redeemed based upon the total Redempuien Price apphuable to heir shares of Pretirred Stock
which are subsect to redemption on such Redempion Date. The shares of Preferred Stock not
redeemed shall remain outstanding and entitled to git the sights and preforeaees provided herein
Subiect te the mghts ef any series ef Preferred Stocs thatmias fram time to Line come mite
existence, at any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation are levally available
for the redemption of shares of Preferred Stock, such funds will immediately be used to redeem
the balance of the shares which the Corporation has become obliged to redeem on any
Redemption Date but which it has not redeemed.

5, Voting Rights.

(a) General. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a number of
votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which such holder's shares of
Preferred Stock could then be converted and, except as otherwise required by law or as set forth
herein, shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting nghts and powers of the Common
Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meetiny in
accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation and shall be entitled to vete with ihe holders of
Common Stock with respect to any matter upon which holders of Common Stock have the nght
to vote, except as otherwise provided herein or those matters required by law to be submitted to a
class vote.

(b) Election of Directors. At cach election of directors of the Corporation.
(i, t-2 holders of Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be enutled to elect two (2)
directors, (11) the holders of Common Stock, vcting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect
one (1) director and (iii) the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting toyvether us a
single class on an as-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect the remaining directors of the
Corporation, if any. In the case of any vacancy (other than a vacancy caused by removal) in the
office of a director occurring among the directors elected by the holders of a class or series of
stock pursuant to this Section 5(b), the vote or written consent of the holders of the shares of that
class or series in accordance with applicable law may elect a successor ur successors to hold
office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or places shall be vacant.

6. Protective Provisions. Subjec: tc the nvhts of any senes of Preferred Stock that
my from time to me come into existence, so long as any shares of Preterred Stock are
outstanding, the Corporation shall not. without first obtaining the affirmaie vote or wotten
censent of the holders of a majonty of the voung power represented by the then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock:

(a) modify the nyhts, preferences. privileges or restrictions of the Preferred
Stock whether directly or by merger. recapitalization or simular event,

(b) increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of Commien
stock or Preferred Stock;

(c) authorize or issue, or oblivate itself to sssue. or create (hy reclassificatien
or otherwise) any other equity sccunty having a preference over, or ong pasity with, the Series A
Preferred Stock, the Senes A-i Preferred Stock, the Senes B Preferred Stock or the Series €
Preterred Stock with respect to dividends, Itquidation, redemption or voting;

(d) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, oF take any action that resulis in
the redemption or repurchase of, any shares of Commen Stock of Preferred Stock other than ir
connection with (i) the repurchase of Common Stock at the orginal purchase price froin

PAL bite eS:

ae Oe

t.
employees, officers, directors, consultants or other service providers pursuant to agreements
providing for such repurchase upon termination of employment, (11) the exercise of a contractual
nght of first refusal entitling the Corporation to purchase such shares upon supstantially the same
terms offered by a third party, provided that the purchase is approved by the Board of Directors,
or (iii) the redemption of the Preferred Stocn pursuant to Section 4:

({e) consummate a Liquidation Event:

(f amend the Articles of Incorporation or bylaws of the Corporwtion in a
manner that affects the Preferred Stock;

(g) change the authorized number of directors of the Corporation:

(h) declare or pay or take any action that resuils in the declaration or payment
of any dividend on the Common Stcck, other than 4 dividend payable solely in shares of
Common Stock; or

(i) incur indebtedness in excess of $!00.000.

7. Status of Converted or Redeemed Stock. In the event any shares of Preterred
Stock shal] be converted or redee:ned pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 hereo!, or otherwise
acquired by the Corporation, the shares $0 converted or redeemed shall be canceled and shal! not
be issuable by the Corporation, and the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be
appropriately amended to effect the corresponcing reduction in the Corporation’s authorized
capital stock.

B. Common Stock. The nights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and
imposed upon the Common Svock are as follows:

I. Dividends. Subject to the prior mghts of holders of all classes of stock at the ime
outstanding having prior rights as to dividends as set forth in Articie IIL, Faragraph A, Section |
hereof, the halders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, if and as declared by the
Board of Directors. out of any assets of this Corporation legally availabie therefor, such
dividends as may be declared trom time to ume by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation. Upon a Liquidation Event. the assets of this Corporation shall be
distribuied as provided in Article UI, Paragraph A, Section 2 hereof.

3. Redemption. The Common Stech shall not be redeemable at the opuien of the
hiyigder
holde:

4. Voting Rights. Each hoider uo! Comimon Steck sha, lve the rivht toe one vote
tor each share of Common Stockh heid by such helder. and shal! be eutnice! te none of any
sharehoiders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of this Coreraton. and shail be enttled to
“ote with the holders of Preferred Stock with respeel to ens matter upon which hoiders of
Preferred Stock have the right to vote, except as athersise provided berem or by lin

EY Se

‘te

Sl ene
ARTICLE IV

The liability of the directors of this Corporation for monetary damayes shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under Califormia i.w. Any repeal or modification of
this Article [V, or the adoption of any provision of the Artic!es of Incorporation inconsistent with
this Article IV, shall only be prospective and shall not auverseiv aftect the rights under this
Article IV in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any aci'on or omission to act giving
rise to liability.

ARTICLE V

This Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in Section
317 of the General Corporation Law of California) through bylaw provisions, agreements with
agents, vote of sharehoiders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, in excess of the
indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of
Califomia, subject only to the applicabie limits on indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the
General Corporation Law of California with respect to actions for breach of duty to the
Corporation or its shareholders. Ary repeal or mcdification of this Article V, or the adoption of
anv provision of the Articles of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article V, shall only be
prospective and shall not adversely affect the nghts under this Article V in effect at the time of
the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act giving rise to indemnification.

s 2 *

3. The foregoing amendment and restatement of the Fourth Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation has been duly adopted by the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoing cmendment and restatement of the Fourth Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of the sharcholders of the
Corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the General Corporation Law of
Cahfornia. The total number of outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote with
respect to the foregoing amendment and restatement of the Fourth Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation was 17,955,142 shares of Common Stock, 39,278,058 shares of
Senes A Preferred Stock, 21,905,805 shares of Series A-i Preferred Stock und $7,566,173 shares
of Series B Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment and
restatement equaled or exceeded the vote required. such required vote being a myority of the
toval number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a majoriiy of the total number of
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, a majority of the total number of outstanding
shares of Scenes A Preferred Stock, Series A-] Preferred Stock and Senes B Preterred Stock,
voling together as 2 single class and on an as-converted basis, and a majority of the total number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock. Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Siock. voting tugether as a single class and on an as-converted basis.

[stgnature nave to follers |
The undersigned further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of their own
knowledge.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersignes fave executed this certificate in San Carlos,
California, this 9™ day of September, 2005.

Ze <. awatae

George E. Northup. President

James M. Koshland, Assisiant Secretary

PA limits t \7
Va GA;
The undersigned further declare under penalty of pertury under the laws of the State of
Califomia that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of their own
knowledge.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certiticate in San Carlos,
California, this qm day of September, 2005.

George E. Northup, President

( James M. Koshland, Assistant Secretary

