A0665276
7S 3&0 rine A

_-@ otffice af the Secretary Gf s
ci the State of California

AUG 1 7 2087

AMENDED ANT RESTATED
AKYICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF
AUDIENCE, INC.

The undersigned, Peter Santos and Michael Danaher, hereby certify that:

1, They ar the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Audience, Inc., a Californie corporation.

2. Tne Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be ameuded and restated to
read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is Audience, (nc. (the “Comeoration’).
ARTICLE Il

The purpose of the Corporation: is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Califomia other than the
banking business, the trust cornpany business or the practice of a profession permitted to be.
incorporated hy the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE i]

(A) Classes of Stack. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock ( be
designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The tota’ number of shares which
the Corporation ts authorized to issue is Three Hundred Thirty-Seven Million, Four Hundred Ninety-
Three Thousand, Two Hundred Seventy-Five (327,493,275) shares, each with a par value of $6.00!
per share. One Hundred Ninety-Four Million. Four Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand, Eight Hundred
Ninety (194,466,890) shares shall be Common Stock and One Hundred Forty-Three Million,
Twenty-3ix Thousand, Three Hundred Eighty-Five (143,026,385) shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(3) refer: ‘ fi

The Preferred Stock suthorized by these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
(the “Rewiuted Arceclys"* may be issued fram time to time in one or more series The first senes of
Preferred Stock shail be designated ‘ Senes 4 i Preferscu siggk” and shall oo nvist of Gre Millian
One Hundred Sixry-Bight Thousand Niae Hundred Sixty-Six (1,168,956) shares ‘The second senes
of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A-2 Preferrad Siock” and shall consist of Three
Million Eighty Thousand and Ninety (3,080,099) shares. The shird series of Preferred Stock shall be
designated “Series A-2 Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Four Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand Six

CONPahPALIONDAFICVO9 13 2. DOM (aim 20
Hundred Sixty-Eight (466,668) shares. The fourth seres of Preferred Stock shall be designated
“Senes AA Preferred Stock” and shal) consist of Thirty Six Million Six Hundred Eignty-Three
Thousand Six Hundred Ceventy-Five (36,683,675) shares. The fifth senes of Preferred Stock shall
he designated “Sevies AA-~-|_ Preferred Stock” and shall cons'st of Ten Million Three Hundred Ninety
One Thousand Seven ilundred Seventy (19,391,77G) shares. The sixth series 3 Preferred Stock
shall be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Sixtv-seven Million Eight
Hundred Thirly-Nine Thousand Fighty-Three (67,839,083) shares. ‘Mie seventh serics of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series B-} Preferred Stock” and shal! consist of Swenty-Three Million
Three Hundred Ninety-Six Thousand, One Hundred Thirty-Three (23,396,133) shares. The rights,
preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series A-i. Series A-2,
Series A-3, Series AA, Series AA-1, Series B and Series B-! Preferred Stock are a3 set forth below
in this Article III(B).

1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and im preference to
any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securiues
and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectiy, additional
shares of Commo. Stack of the Corperation (“Common Stock Equivalents’)) on the Common Stock
of the Corporation, ai the rate {as adjusted for stock spitts, stock dividends, rectassifications or the
like) of (3) $0.06 per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-] Preferred Stock,

(b) $9.0248 per share per annum on cach outstanding share of Series A-2 Preferred Stock, (c) $0.06
per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-3 Preferred Stock, (d) $0.0121 per share
per anmum on each outstanding share of Series AA Preferred Stock, (¢) $0.0154 per share per annum
on each outstanding share of Serics AA-1 Preferred Stock, (f) $.0177 per share per annum on each
autstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock, and (g) $.0195 per share per annum on egch
outstanding share of Series B-! Preferred Stock, each payable quarterly when, as and if declared by
the Board of Directors. Such dividends shall not be cumulative. After payment of such d vidends,
any additiona! dividends shall be distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common
Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by cach holder (assuming
conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stosk). No dividend or distribudon shal! be
deciared upon the shares of Common Stock unless a dividend pursuant tc this Section ] has been
declared with respect ta the shares of Preferred Stock.

(a) Serles B Preference. In the event of any liquidation. dissotution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the hoiders of the Senes B and Series
B-| Preferred Stock shal) be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution cf any of
the assuts of the Corporation to the holders of the other sees of Preferred Stock or Common Stock
by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to (a) $0.22148 (as adjusted for
sinck spitts, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like with respect to the Series B Preferred
Stock) for each share of Senes B Preferred Stock then held by them, and (b1 30 798% fas ganisted
for stozk splits, siock dividends, reclassifications or the like with respect to the senes 8-3 Preierred
Stocx) lor each snare of Series B-| Preferred Stock then held by them, «n each case, plus declared
but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed
among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stuck shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such

4.
HWE HODIPA LID SE IIIT] 3 DOC (61879,
holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation
legally available far distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series PB and
Series B-t Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise
entitled to receive.

(bv) Series AA and AA-] Preference. Upon the completion of the
distribution required by Saction 2(a) above to holders of the Serics B Preferred Stock, in the event of
any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either volustary or invo'untary, the
holders of the Series AA and Series AA-! Preferred Stack shall be entitied to receivs, prior and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Series A-3
Preferreé Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock, Semes A-1 Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason
of their ownership thereof, an amourit per share equal to (a) $0.151142 (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reclassifications or the like with resect to the Series AA Pre‘erred Stock) for cach
share of Senes AA Preferred Stock then held by them and (b) $0.19246 (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reclassitications or the like with respect to the Series AA-1 Preferred Stock) for
cach share of Series AA-1 Preferred Stock then held by them, in each case plus declared but unpaid
dividends. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the asgets and funds thus distributed among the
helders of the Series AA and Series AA-) Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment
to such halders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and tunds of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distsibuted ratably among the holders of the
Series AA and Series AA-1 Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferentiai amount each such
holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(c) Series A-2 and Series A-2 Preference. Upon the completion of the
distribution required by Section 2(b) above to holders of the Series AA and AA-1 Preferred Stock, in
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or
involuntary, the holders of the Series A-2 and Series A-3 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive,
prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to tne holders of
the Series A-} Preferred Stock and Common Stack by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount
per share equal to (a) $0.31 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like
with respect to the Series A-2 Preferred Stock) for each share of Series A-2 Preferred Stock then
held by them and (b) $0.75 per share (as adrusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications
or the like with respect to the Series A-3 Preferred Stack) for each share of Series A-3 Preferred
Stock then held by them, in cach case plus declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of
such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of ihe Series A-2 and Series A-3
Preferred Stock shail be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid
preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available fur
distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holgers o1 the Series 4-2 and Series A-3 Preferred
Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(dj) Series A-) Preference. Upon the completion of the distnbution
required Sy Section 2(c) above to holders of the Series A-2 and Series A-3 Preferred Stock, 1n the
event of any liquidation, dissulution or winding vp of the Corporation, either voluntary or
inv oluntary, the holders c&the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Common
Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equa! 10 $0.75 per share (as adjusted

-3-
CNPP OCDE LIBAMIAE AW 691 I 2 LHC 141879)
for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like with respect to the Series A-1 Preferred
Stock) for each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock then held by them, in each case plus declared but
unpaid dividends. If, upon the accurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among
the holders of the Series A-! Preferred Stock shall be insufficient io permit the payment to such
holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporanon
legally available for distribution shal! be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A-|
Preferred Stock in proportion te the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to
receive.

(ec) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distributions required
by Section 2(a) through Section 2(d) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to shareholders shall be distributed among the holders of the Common Stock pro rata
based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each.

(f} Certain Acquisitions.

{i) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2 and
Section 6 below, a liquidation, dissolution, of winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to
occur if the Corporaticn shall sell, convey, license, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially
all of its intellectual property or business or merge with or into or consolidate with any other
corporation, iimited liability company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Corporation) or effect any other transaction or series of related transactions in which holders of the
capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction hold and control less than a
majority of the voting power of the Corporation immediately after such transaction, (any such
transaction, a “Liquidation Transaction"), provided that none of the following shali be considered a
Liquidation Transaction: (i) a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile
of the Corporation, (ii) an equity financing in which the Corporation is the surviving corporation, or
(iii) a transaction in which the shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction

own in the same proportion 50% or more of the voting power of the surviving corporation following
the transaction.

(ii) Valpation of Consideration. In the event of a Liquidation
Transaction, if the consideration received by the Corporation is other than cash, its value will be
deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

_ (A)  Secunties not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The.
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or
Nasdaq over a specified time period;

. (2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula determined in goad faith by the Board of Directors and derived from the

on Pordlih AL BND 39969095 DOL (61879)
ciosing bid or saies prices (whichever is applicable) for such securities over a specified time period,
and

(3) If there is no active public markei, the value
shall be the fair rnarket value thereof, as determined in goad faita by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method o¢ valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (Uther than restrictions arsiag solely by
virtue of a shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate, shal} be to rake an appropriate
discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(e)(iiM A) to reflect the
approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

{iii} Notice of Liguidstion Transactiop. The Corporation shail

give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written natice of any impending Liquidaticn
Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve sucn
Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Transaction, whichever
is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval! of such Liquidation
Transaction. The first of such notices shal! describe the material terms and conditions of the
impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the Corporation shall
thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any materia] changes. The Liquidation Transaction
shall in no event take place sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first natice
provided for herein or sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given notice of any material
changes provided for herein. Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Restated Articles, alt
notice periods or requirements in these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived, either before
or after the action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority

of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock thal are entitled to such notice
rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(f) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing of
the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the nghts, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall reveit to and be the same as such
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the first
notice referred to in Section 2(f(iii).

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not-redeemable.

4. Copversign. ‘The holders cf the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows (the “Conversion Rights’):

(a) Bight to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), cach share of Preferred
Stock shall be convertible, at (.¢ option of the holder thereof, at any lime after the date of issuance
of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number
of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing (a) $0.75 in
the case of the Senes A-I| Preferred Stock, (b) $0.31 in the case of the Series A-2 Preferred Stack.

-&.
CANTPORONPALINADRENII0913 2.N0C 14179)
(ec) $C.75 an the case of the Series A-3 Preferred Stock, (d) $0.151142 in the case of the Series AA
Preferred Stock, (¢) $0.19246 in the case of the Series AA-1 Preferred Stock, (f} 30.22148 in the
cese of the Senes B Preferred Stock, and (g) $0.24363 in the case of the Series B-} Preferred Stock,
by the Conversion Price applicable to such share determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the
date the certificate 13 surrendered for conversion. The initial Conversion Price shall be $0.75 per
share of Series A-} Preferred Stock, 30.31 per share of Series A-Z Preferred Stock, $6.75 per share
of Series A-3 Preferred Stock, $0.151142 in the case of Series AA Preferred Stock, $0.19246 in the
case of Series A.A-1 Preferred Stock, and $0.22148 in the case of the Senes B Preterred Stock, and
$0.7436. in the case cf the Series B-i Preterred Siock. Such initial Conversion Price shali be
subject io adjustment as se? forth in Section 4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in
effect for such share immediately upon ihe earlier of (i) except as provided below in Section 4(c), the
Corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwniten public offering pursuant
fo a repistration statement under tbe Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Secuntics Act”), ata
pre-offering market capitalization of ai least $100,000,000 (calculated based on capitai stock
outstanding on an as-corverted basis, assuming conversion or exercise of all convertible or
exercisable secunties and inciuding all shares reserved for issuance pursuant to any stock option or
similar plan) and which results in aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of not less than
$30,000,000 (prior to enderwriting discounts and commissions) or {ii) the date specified by written
consent or agreement of the holders of nor fess than sixty percent (60%) of the then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock.

(c) Mechanics onve . Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to convert such Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stack, the holder shal) surrender
the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any
transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at
its principal cerporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or
names in which the cenificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock ure to be issued. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such halder of
Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled a3 aforesaid. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date
of such surrender of the shares of such series of Preferred Stock to ke converted, and the person or
persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders af such shares of Common Stock as of such
date. If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered
pursuant to the Securvities Act, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such
Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upor the closing with the underwriters of the sale of
securities pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock
upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have canverted auch Preferred Stock
unti! immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in
the event of an automatic Convers:on pursuant to Section 4b), the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock so converted shall be converted automatically without any (urther action by the holder of such
shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation

-ff.
CM arin PALIDADARIGIO9TS 2 PIC CAIRO
or the wansfer agent for such Preferred Stock, provided however, that the Corporation shal! not be
obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic
conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to
the Corporation or the transfer agent for such Preferred Stock as provided above, or the holder
notifies the Corporation or the transfer agent for such Preferred Stock that such certificates have
been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation from any logs incurred by it in connection with such certificates. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to such address as the holder
may direct, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled.

(d) ck
Dilutive issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock shall

be subject to adjustment from time to time aa follows:

(i) [sguence of Additional Steck below Purchase Price. If the
Corporation should issue, at any time after the date of filing of these Restated Articles (the “Filing
Date”). any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per
share less than the Conversion Price then in effect for the Series AA Preferred Stock, Senes AA-|
Preferred Stock, or Series B Preferred Stock immediately prar to the issuance of such Additional
Stock, then the Conversion Price for each such series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior
to the issuance of such Additional Stock shal] automatically be adjusted, concurrently with such
issuance, as eet forth in this Section 4(d){i), unless otherwise provided in this Section 4(d)(i).

(A) Adiustment Formula. Whenever the Conversion
Price for a series of Preferred Stock is adjusted pursuant to this Section 4(d){i), the new Conversion
Price for such series of Preferred Stock shall be determined by multiplying the Conversion Price
then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the ‘Outstanding Common’) plus the number
of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for such
issuance would purchase at the Conversion Price then in effect for such series of Preferred Stock;
and (y) the denominator of which shal! be the number of shares of Outstanding Common plus the
number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation, the term
“Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to
Section 4(d){iKE) below.

. | _ (B) Defimition ef “Additional Stock”. For purposes of
this Section 4(d)(i), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or deemed

0 have been issucd pursuant to Section 4(d)(iXE)) by the Corporation afler the Filing Date other
than.

. . (1) Common Stock or Common Stock Derivatives
(as defined in Section 4(d)(1)(E) below) issued pursuant to stock dividends, stock splits or similar
transactions, as described in Section 4(d)ii) hereof:

Oe Paewet PA LIB 2\ENEN 9969132. DOC (ai RI)
(2) 38,206,961 snares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Derivatives (excluding options already exercised) issued or issuable to employees,
consultants or directors of the Corporation pursuant to a stock option plan or resiricted stock plan
approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(3) Common Stock or Common Stock Derivatives,
issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit arrangements,
equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions or similar transactions approved by
the Board of Directors,

(4) Shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock or
Common Stock Derivatives issuable upon exercise of warrants, options, notes or other rights to
acquire securities outstanding as of the Filing Date;

(5) Common Stock, or Common Stock Denvatives,
issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar transactions, the terms of which
are approved by the Board of Directors;

(6) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Series A-1, Series A-2, Series A-3, Series AA, Series AA-1, Series B, or
Series B-1 Preferred Stock;

(7) Shares of Common Swck issued or issuable in a
initial public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares Preferred Stock will
be converted io Common Stock; and

(8) Common Stock or Common Stock Derivatives
issued or issuable to an entity as a component of sny business relationship with such entity for the
purpose of (A)} joint venture, technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply
or manufacture of the Corporation's products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving
corporate partners that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which
business relationship with such cntity are approved by the Board of Directors and holders of an

aggregate of at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class.

(C) NoFractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one hundredth of a
cent per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this
sentence shall be carned forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment
made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried
forward, cr shal! be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to tie
adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Deterrainstion of Conaideration. In the case ar the
isauance of Common Stuck for cash, the consideration shal! be deemed to be the amourt of cash paid

therefor before deducting any reasonabic discounts, comraissions or other expenses allowed, paid or

&-
C WNrPeetbAP ALTO DOB G9I673 DOCK 4 te 79
incurred by the Corporation for aay underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance anc
sale thereef. Jn the case of the issuaace of the Common Stock for a consideration in whole or in part
other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair value thereof'as
determined by the Board of Directors in good faith irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case of

the issuance (whether before, on or efter the Filing Date) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe
for Common Stock, securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or
cplions to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeab!+ securities

(collectively the “Common Stock Denvatives”), the following provisions shal] apply for ai] purposes
ofthis Section 4(d)(i):

(1} The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Commomti Stock deliverabie upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any
conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without limitation, the
passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) of any Common
Stock Derivatives and subsequent conversion, exchange or exercise thereof shall be deemed to have
been issued at the time such Common Stock Derivatives were issued and for a consideration equal to
the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and related Common
Stock Derivatives (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends).
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without waking
into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise af any
Common Stock Derivatives (the consideration in cach case to be determined in the manner pro’ Jed
im Section 4(d)(i)(D)}.

(2) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Derivatives including, but not limited to, a
change resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock Derivatives,
shall be recoraputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shal! be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock or. any payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Derivatives.

(3) Upon the termination or expiration of the
convernbility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Derivatives, the Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using cuch Common
Stock Derivatives, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number o1 sheres of
Cammon Stock (and Common Stock Derivatives that remain convertible, exchangeable ur

exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock
Derivatives,

(4) ‘fhe number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(iE)(1) shall be
appropnately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in either
Section 4(4)(i)(F M2) or 4(di)(E)(3).

<9.
CAN PorbiPALEINDUL 9369.3 2 DOL pete ras
(F) Neo Increased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding any
other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i). except to the limited extent provided for in
Sections 4(d)(i)(E)(2) and 4(d)(i)(F)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant Lo this
Section 4(d){i) shall have the etfect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price
in effect immediately prior to such adjustmerit.

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. in the event she Corporation
should al any time after the Filing Date fix a record dats for the effectuation of a split or subdivision
of the suistanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock
entitled ta receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Derivatives without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional
shares of Common Stock or the Commen Stack Derivatives (including the additional shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of Such record date (or the
date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no recurd date is fixed), the Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number cf shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in proportion
10 such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with
respect to such Common Stock Derivatives with the number of shares issuable with respec? to
Common Stock Derivatives determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed
issuances in Section 4(2)(i©).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the rumber of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Filing Date is decreased by a cornbination of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Priz
for the Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series sha}] be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(¢) Other Distributions. in the event the Corporaiion shail declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights nat referred to in
Section 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4e), the holders of Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Steck (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of
assets transaction provided for clsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall be made
so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter he entitled to receive upon conversion of
such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation
or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been
entitled on such recapitalization. In any’ such case, approprate adjustment shall be made in the
application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of such
Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the provisigns of this Section 4 (including

-10-
CNP ED ALIBI 996019 2.0OC (a ie 24:
adjustment of the Conversion Frice then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable afler that event ana be os nsarly equivaien:
as practicable.

(2) No Impsirment. Tie Corporation will not, by emendment of these
Restated Articles (except in accordance with applicable law) o7 through any reorganization,
recapitslization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the ierms
to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but wili at all times in good faith assist in
the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be
necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preterred Stock
against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificates as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of any
share or shares of Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the Corporation will pay cash in an
amount equal to the fair value of such fractional shares, based .3n the fair market value of the snares
of Common S1ock, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, us of the ime when those
who would otherwise be entitled tc receive such tractional shares is determined. The nurmiber of
shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the dasis of the total number of shares
of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares
of Common Siock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

(ii) Upon the occurrence of eact adjustment or readjustment of the
Conversion Price of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its expense, shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare
and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stock 8 certificate setting forth such adjustmeni or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjust-nent is based.
Tne Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stuck, furnish
OF Cause 10 be furmished to Such Holder a like Cemificate Ycuting forth (A) such adyustinem end
rcadjusmment, (B) the Conversion Price fer the Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the
aumber of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of a share of the Preferred Stock,

(i) Notices yf Record Date. In ihe event of any taking by the
Corporaliva ofa record of the hulders af any class of securities for the purpose of determining the
holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any mght to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any clasa
or any other securities or property, or to ceceive uny other mght, the Corporation shall mail to each
holder of Preferred Stack, at Jezst 10 days prior to the date specitied therein, a notice specifying the
diate on which any such recard is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or night,
and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

3) Reservation of Stock issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation
“hall at all times reserve and keep available out of tts authorized but unissued shares of Common

-2} ) .
CAN PoribiPA LIMA BINSCIEYTS 2 OOS 4 TETE)
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such
nuinber of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of ali then outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as
shal} be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such Corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Comman Stock ta such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes,
including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval of
any necessary amendment to these Restated Articles.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to be
given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given 1f depassted in the Uniied
States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to cach holder of record at his address appearing on the
books of the Corporation.

S. Yoting Rights

(a) Voting on an As-Converte is. Except as sxpresslv provided by
these Articles or as provided by law, the holders of Preferred Stock shall have the same voting rights
as the holders of Common Stack and shall be entitied ta notice of any shereholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock and the Preferred
Stock shall vo.~ together as a single class on all matters. Each holder of Common Stuck shai! be
entitled to one vote far each share of Common Stock held, and cach holder of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to the murnber of votes equai to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such
shares of Preferred Stock could be cenverted. Fractional! voies shall not, however, be permitted and
any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares into
which shares of Preferred Stock held by each halder could be converted) shall be rounded to the
nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

(bo) Election of Directors. The Board of Direciors shal) consist of six
members. So long as at least 10,000,000 shares (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series B
Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series B Preferred, voting as a separate class,
shail be entitled to elect one member of the Corporation's Bourd of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to cach consent of the Corporation's shareholders for the election of directors. So long as at
jeast 7,500,000 shares (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series AA and Series AA-! Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series AA and Series AA-! Preferred, voting together as a
seperate cless, shati be entitled to elect two members of the Corporation's Board of Directors at cach
meetng or pursuant to cach consent of the Corporation's shareholders for the election of directors.
So lung as at least SOU,000 shares (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) of the Series A-1, Series A-2,
and Senes A-3 Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders ol Series A- 3, Series A-2, and
Senes A-% Preferred, voting together as a separate class shall be entitled to clect onc member of the
Corporation's Bead of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation's
shareholders tor the election of directors. The holders of Common Stock, VOtINE 2s a Separate class,
shall be entitled to elect one member of the Corporation's Board of Directors at each meeting or
ptirsuant to each consent of the Corporation's shareholders for the election of directors. The holders

-12-

SON PALIOADAL IY 169.2 SOC cetera:
of Preferred Siack and Comnmeon Stock, voting .ogether as a single clags, shall elect the CEO of the
Company as a member of the Corporation's Board of Directors.

6. Protective Provisions. Thc protective provisions for the Preferred Stock are
as fol’. ws:

(a) So tong as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the
Corporation shal! not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by

law) of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
voting together as 8 Class:

(i) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to,
these Restated Articles or the Bylaws of the Corporation, or otherwise alter or change the nghts,
preferences or privileges of the shares of any series of Preferred Stock, by way of merger,
consolidation, substitution, reclassification or otherwise, so as to affect adversely the shares of such
sermes;

(ii) increase or decrease (other than by conversion in accordance
vith the provisions of these Restated Articles) the total number ef authorized shares of Preferred
Stock;

(iii) — authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, (8) any other
equity security, including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security, having
a preference over, or be: g on a panty with, any existing series of Preferred Stock, in nght of
redemption, liquidation preference, dividends, or voting rights ov (b) any increase in the authorized
or designated number of any sucti cquity security;

(iv) create any bond, note or other obligation of ihe Corporation in
an aggregate principal amount of more than $1,000,000, unless approved by all :nembers of the
Board of Directors:

(v) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set funds
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock;
provider’, however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase ai cost of shares of Common
Stock from employces, officers, ditectors, consultants or other persons performing services for the
Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agresments approved by the Board of Directors under
which the Corporation has tlie optian to repurchase such shares at cost upon the occurrence of

certain events, such gs the termination of employment, or through the exercise of any nght of first
refusal:

. {vi) effect @ merger or consolidation, a sale of a substantial porion
of tne assets of the Corporation, a Liquidation Transaction. or a reclassification or recapitalization of
the ouistanuing capital stock of the Corporation;

; (vii) pay or declare any dividend on any shares of Common Stock or
Freferred Stuck (other than dividends payable solely in shares of Comrnon Stock of the Corporation)

; $3.
CON TKOUBEEALIB2UUL ONIONS ZIT rates}
or declare or make any other distribution, directly or indirectly, on account of any shares of Common
Stock of Preferred Stock now or hereafter outstanding; or

(viii) | increase or decrease the authorized size of the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.

(b) For so long as at least 25% of the shares of a series of Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law, the vote or
written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of such series of
Preferred Stock shall be necessary to effect any amendment, alteration, or repeal of any provision of
the Restated Articles or the Bylaws of the Corporation that alters or changes the voting or other
powers, preferences, or other special rights, privileges or restrictions of such series of Preferred
Stock (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise) so as to affect that series of Preferred Stack
adversely and in a manner different from any other series of Preferred Stock (it 5eing understood
that a series of Preferred Stock shall nat be affected differently because cf the proportional
differences in the respective conversion prices ard liquidation preferences that arise out of
differences in the original issue prices vis-a-vis other series of Preferred Stock).

7. Status of Converted Stack. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall
be converted pursuant tc Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shail be cancelled and shall not be
issuable by the Corporation. These Restated Articles shall be appropriately amended to effect the
corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

8. Repyrchase of Shares. in connection with repurchases by the Corporation at
cost of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons

periorming services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements approved bv the
Board of Directors under which the Corporation has the aption te repurchase such shares ai cost
upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the
exercise of any right of first refusal, Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation
Law shall not apply in whole or in part with respect to such repurchases.

(C) h fer d j o on S ;

l. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the

Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

. 2, Liquidation Rigits. Upon the hiquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation shall be
distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article III(B).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. Each holdar of Common Stock shall have the night to one
vote per share of Comnion Stock, and shall be entitied {o notice of any sharehulders’ meeting in

«lds
UN CPOTU YALE 2DRENG 8613 2 NOC (41870;
accordance with the Byiaws of the Corporaticn, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and
in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) — The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the tullest extent permissible under Califorma law.

(B) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as de fined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) to the fullest extent permissible under Califomia
law,

(C) Any amendment, repeal cr modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article [V
by the shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any nght or protection of a director
or agent of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.”

* s ¥
3 The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
corporation.
4. The foregoing amendment was upproved by the holders of the requisite number of

shares of this corporation in accordance with Sections 902 aad 903 of the California General
Corporation Law. The tatal number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment was 13,070,295 shares of Common Stock, !,]68,966 shares of Series A: |
Preferred Stock, 3,080,090 shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock, 466,668 shares of Serics A-3
Preferred Stock, 33,375,528 shares of Series AA Preferred Stock, 10,391,770 shares of AA-1
Preferred Stock and 67,839,083 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The percentage vote required
was: a majority ox the outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting separately as a class; at least a
majonity of the outstanding shares of Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock, Series
A-3 Preferred Stock, Senes AA Preferred Stock and Series AA-1 Preferred Stock, voting together as
a single cisss; at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series & Preferred Stock; and at least
sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.

The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing arrendment equaled or exceeded the vote
required,

CAN -Pocbrh ALIBIMHIGIGI06 | J62 PC pal Ty5
The undersigned cestify umier penczity of perjury that they have read the foregoing cerificaie
and know the contents thereof, and that the contents are true of their own knowledge.

Executed at Mountin View, Califomis, on August! +7 . 2007.

Peter Santos
President and CEO

Michael J. Danaher
Secretary

TWrhane HA UBNDBF29266°2 2 DOT (01280
