in the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of California

FEB 0 2 2010
AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AUDIENCE, INC.
The undersigned, Peter Santos and Michael Danaher, hereby certify that:
1, They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Audience, Inc., a California corporation.
2. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to

read in full as follows:
"ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is Audience, Inc. (the Corporation”).
ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE II

(A) — Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which
the Corporation ts authorized to issue is Nine Hundred Million, Twenty-Four Thousand, Nine
Hundred Thirteen (900,024,913) shares, each with a par value of $0.001 per share. Five Hundred
Million (500,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock and Four Hundred Million, Twenty-Four
Thousand, Nine Hundred Thirteen (400,024,913) shares shall be Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock.

The Preferred Stock authorized by these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
(the “Restated Articles”) may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The first series of
One Hundred Sixty-Eight Thousand Nine Hundred Sixty-Six (1,168,966) shares. The second series
of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A-2 Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Three

Million Eighty Thousand and Ninety (3,080,09C) shares. The third series of Preferred Stock shall be
designated “Series A-3 Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Four Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand Six

Hundred Sixty-Eight (466,668) shares. The fourth series of Preferred Stock shall be designated

“Series AA Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Thirty-Stx Million Six Hundred Eighty-Three
Thousand Six Hundred Seventy-Five (36,683,675) shares. The fifth series of Preferred Stock shall
be designated “Series AA-1 Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Ten Million Three Hundred Ninety
One Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy (10,391,770) shares. The sixth series of Preferred Stock
shall be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Sixty-Seven Million Eight
Hundred Thirty-Nine Thousand Eighty-Three (67,839,083) shares. The seventh series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series B-1 Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Twenty-Three Million
Three Hundred Ninety-Six Thousand One Hundred Thirty-One (23,396,131) shares. The eighth
series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series C Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Forty-
Four Million Five Hundred Eighty Thousand Nine Hundred Nine (44,580,909) shares. The ninth
series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series D Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Eighty-
Eight Million Six Hundred Sixty-Eight Thousand Thirty (88,668,030) shares. The tenth series of
Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series E Preferred Stock” and shall consist of One Hundred
Twenty-Three Million, Seven Hundred Forty-Nine Thousand, Five Hundred Ninety-One
(123,749,591) shares. The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and imposed on
the Series A-1, Series A-2, Series A-3, Series AA, Series AA-1, Series B, Series B-1, Series C,
Series D, and Series E Preferred Stock ave as set forth below in this Article HI(B).

1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive.dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to
any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities
and rights convertible into or entitling the bolder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation (“Common Stock Equivalents’’)) on the Common Stock
of the Corporation, at the rate (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the
like) of (a) $0.06 per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock,

(b) $0.0248 per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-2 Preferred Stock, (c) $0.06
per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series A-3 Preferred Stock, (d) $0.0121 per share
per annum on each outstanding share of Series AA Preferred Stock, (e) $0.0154 per share per annum
on each outstanding share of Series AA-1 Preferred Stock, (f) $.0177 per share per annum on each
outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock, (g) $.0195 per share per annum on each outstanding
share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, (h) $0.0266 per share per annum on each outstanding share of
Series C Preferred Stock, and (i) $0.0137 per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series D
Preferred Stock, and (j) $ $0.0098 per share per annum on each outstanding share of Series E
Preferred Stock, each payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such
dividends shall not be cumulative. After payment of such dividends, any additional dividends shall
be distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock then held by cach holder.(assuming conversion of all such
Preferred Stock into Common Stock). No dividend or distribution shall be declared upon the shares
of Common Stock unless a dividend pursuant to this Section | has been declared with respect to the
shares of Preferred Stock.

2, Liquidation.

(a) Series E Preference. 1n the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series E Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of

a)
the Corporation to the holders of the other series of Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of
their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to $0.1222 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassifications or the like with respect to the Series E Preferred Stock) for each share of
Series E Preferred Stock then held by them, in each case, plus declared but unpaid dividends. If,
upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Series E Preferred Stock shal! be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available
for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock in
proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Series D Preference. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(a) above to holders of the Series E Preferred Stock, in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding tn of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of the Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution
of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock, Series B-] Preferred Stock, Series AA Preferred Stock, Series AA-1 Preferred
Stock, Series A-] Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Preferred Stock or
Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equa! to $0.1711 (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like with respect to the Series D
Preferred Stock) for each share of Series D Preferred Stock then held by therm, in cach case, plus
declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds
of the Corporation legally avatiable for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of
the Series D Preferred Stack in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise
entitled to receive.

(c) Series C Preference.. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(b) above to holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled lo receive, prior and in preference to any distribution
of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, Series B-]
Preferred Stock, Series AA. Preferred Stock, Series AA-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred
Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of their
ownership thereof, an amount per share equat to $0.3327 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassifications or the like with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock) for each share of
Series C Preferred Stock then held by them, in cach case, plus declared but unpaid dividends. If,
upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available
for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock in
proportion to the preferential amount each suck holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

; (d) Series Band Series B-1 Preference. Upon the completion of the
distribution required by Section 2(c) ebove to holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, in the event of
any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the

y
-3-
holders of the Series B and Series B-! Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Series AA
Preferred Stock, Series AA-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-! Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred
Stock, Series A-3 Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an
amount per share equal to (a) $0.22148 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock) for each share of Series B
Preferred Stock then held by them, and (b) $0.24363 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications or the like with respect to the Series B-] Preferred Stock) for each share of
Series B-1 Preferred Stock then held by them, in each case, plus declared but unpaid dividends. If,
upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Series B Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
aforesaid preferential amounts, ther, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available
for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series B and Series B-1
Preferred Stock in proportion so the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to
receive.
(2) Series AA and Series AA-f Preference. Upon the completion of the
distribution required by Section 2(d) above to holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series B-1
Preferred Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either
voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series AA and Series AA-| Preferred Stock shall be
_entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation
to the holders of the Series A-3 Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock, Series A-! Preferred
Stock or Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to
(a) $0.151142 (as adjusted fox stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like with respect
to the Series AA Preferred Steck) for earh share of Series AA Preferred Stock then held by them and
(b) $0.19246 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like with respect to
the Series AA-] Preferred Stock) for each share of Series AA-] Preferred Stock then held by them,
in each case plus declared but unpaid dividends. Tf, upen tke occurrence of such event, the assets
and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series AA and Series AA-1 Preferred Stock shall
be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid-preferential amounts, then,
the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed
ratably among the holders. of the Series 4A. and Series AA-1 Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise cntitled to receive.

(f) Series A-? and Series A-3 Preference. Upon the completion of the
distribution required by Section 2(e) above to holders of the Series AA and AA-1 Preferred Stock, in
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or
involuntary, the holders of the Series A-2 and Series A-3 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive,
prior and in preference to eny distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of
the Series A-] Preferred Steck and Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount
per share equal to (a) $0.31 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like
with respect te the Series A-2 Preferred Stock) for each share of Series A-2 Preferred Stock then
held by them and (b) $0.75 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassi fications
or the like with respect fo the Series A-3 Preferred Stock) for cach share of Series A-3 Preferred
Stock then held by them, in each case plus declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of
such event, the assets and funds thus cistributed among the holders of the Series A-2 and Series A-3

lpn
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid
preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A-2 and Series A-3 Preferred
Stock in proportion to the preferential ammount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(g) Series A-1 Preference. Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(f) above to holders of the Series A-2 and Series A-3 Preferred Stock, in the
event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or
involuntary, the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Common
Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to $0.75 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications or the like with respect to the Series A-] Preferred
Stock) for each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock then held by them, in each case plus declared but
unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among
the holders of the Series A-! Preferred Stock shall be insuffictent to permit the payment to such
holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be Cistributed ratably among the holders of the Series A-]
Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to
receive,

th) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distributions required
by Section 2(a) through Section 2(g) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to shareholders shall be distributed among the holders of the Common Stock pro rata
based on the number of shares of Comraon Stock heid by each.

(i) Deemed Liauidation. For purposes of this Section 2 and
Section 6 below, a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to
occur if the Corporation shail sell, convey, license, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially
all of its intellectual property, assets or business or merge with or into or consolidate with any other
corporation, limited liability company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Corporation) or effect any other transaction or series of related transactions in which holders of the
capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction hold and contro] less than a
majority of the voting power of the Corporation immediately after such transaction, (any such

Liquidation Transaction: (i) a ‘nerger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile
of the Corporation, (ii) a bona fide equity financing in which the Corporation is the surviving
corporation. or (iil) a transaction in which the sharchelders of the Corporation immediately prior to
the transaction own in the same proportion 50% or more of the voting power of the surviving
corporation following the transaction.

(1) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a Liquidation
Transaction, if the consideration received by the Corporation ts other than cash, its value will be
deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

cn
‘
(A) — Securities not subject to investment.letter or other
sunifar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or
Nasdaq over a specified time period;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and derived from the
closing bid or sales prices (whichever is applicable) for such securities over a specified time period;
and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by
virtue of a shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate
discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(h)(11)(A) to reflect the
approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(iii)  Netice of Liguidation Transaction. The Corporation shall
give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation
Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such
Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Transaction, whichever
is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such Liquidation
Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and conditions of the
impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the Corporation shall
thereafter give such holders prompt netice of any material changes. The Liquidation Transaction
shall in no event take place sooner than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice
provided for herein or sooner than 10 davs after the Corporation bas given notice of any material
changes provided for herein. Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Restated Articles, all
notice periods or requirements in these Restated Articles may be shortened or waived, either before
or after the action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority

of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice
rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(b) are not complied with. the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing of
the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the first
notice referred to in Section 2(h)(iit}.

-6-
3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not-redeemable.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Preferred
Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance
of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number
of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing (a) $0.75 in
the case of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, (b) $0.31 in the case of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock,
(c) $0.75 in the case of the Series A-3 Preferred Stock, (d) $0.151142 in the case of the Series AA
Preferred Stock, (e) $0. 19246 in the case of the Series AA-1 Preferred Stock, (f) $0.22148 in the
case of the Series B Preferred Stock, (¢) $0.24363 in the case of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, (h)
$0.3327 in the case of the Series.C Preferred Stock, (1) $0.1711 in the case of the Series D Preferred
Stock, and (j) $0.1222 in the case of the Series E Preferred Stock, by the Conversion Price applicable
to such share determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for
conversion. The initial Conversion Price shall be $0.75 per share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock,
$0.31 per share of Series A-2 Preferred Stock, $0.75 per share of Series A-3 Preferred Stock,
$0.151142 in the case of Series AA Preferred Stock, $0.19246 in the case of Series AA-1 Preferred
Stock, $0.22148 in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, and $0.24363 in the case of the Series
B-1 Preferred Stock, $0.3327 in the case of the Series C Preferred Stock, $0.1711 in the case of the
Series D Preferred Stock, and $0.1222 in the case of Series E Preferred Stock. Such initial
Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d),

(d) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at the time in
effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock
ina firm commitment underwritten public after hg pursuant to a registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), at a pre-offering market capitalization of
at least $200,000,000 (calculated based on capital stock outstanding on an as-converted basis,
assuming conversion or exercise of all convertible or exercisable securities and including all shares
reserved for issuance pursuant to any stock option or similar plan) and which results in aggregate
cash proceeds to the Corporation of noi less than $30,000,000 (prior to underwriting discounts and
commissions) or (11) the date specified by vote or written consent of the holders of not less than sixty
percent (60%) of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to convert such Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, the holder shall surrender
the certificate or certificates therefor, cuily endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any
transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at
its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or
names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of
Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder. a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediatel ly prior to the close of business on the date

of such surrender of the shares of such series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or
persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such
date. If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered
pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such
Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of
securities pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock
upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock
until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in
the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section 4b), the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock so converted shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holder of such
shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation
or the transfer agent for such Preferred Stock, provided however, that the Corporation shall not be
obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic
conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to
the Corporation or the transfer agent for such Preferred Stock as provided above, or the holder
notifies the Corporation or the transfer agent for such Preferred Stock that such certificates have
been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to such address as the holder
may direct, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled.

(dq) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Sulits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock shall
be subject to adjustment from time to time.as follows:

(1) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price. If the
Corporation should issue, at any time after the date of filing of these Restated Articles (the “Filing
Date”), any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per
share jess than the Conversion Price than in effect for the Series AA Preferred Stock, Series AA-I
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series BB-! Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock,
Series D Preferred Stock, and Series E Preferred Stock immediately prior to the issuance of such
Additional Stock, then the Conversion Price for each such series of Preferred Stock in effect
inumediately prior to the issuance of stich Additional Stock shall automatically be adjusted,
concurrently with such issuance, as so forth in this Section 4(d)(1), unless otherwise provided in this
Section 4(d)(i). ,

fA) Adjustment Forrnuta. Whenever the Conversion
Price for a series of Preferred Stock is adjusted pursuant to this Section 4(d)(i), the new Conversion
Price for such series of Preferred Stock shall be determined by multiplying the Conversion Price
then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock. outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the ‘‘Outstanding Common”) plus the number
of shares of Common Stock that the eggregate consideration received by the Corporation for such
issuance would purchase at the Conversion Price then in effect for such series-of Preferred Stock;
and (y) the denominator of which shal! he the number of shares of Outstanding Common plus the

oO
os
number of shares of Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation, the term
“Outstanding Common” shall include shares of Cominon Stock deemed issued pursuant to
Section 4(d)(1)(E) below.

this Section 4(d)(1), “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or deemed
to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Corporation after the Filing Date other
than:

(8) Definition of “Additicnal Stock”. For purposes of

(1) Common Stock or Common Stock Derivatives
(as defined in Section 4(d)(i)(E) below), in each case issued pursuant to stock dividends, stock splits
or similar transactions. as described in Section 4(d)(11) hereof;

2) 76,225,269 shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Derivatives (excluding options already exercised) issued or issuable to employees,
consultants or directors of the Corporation pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted stock plan
approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(3) Common Stock or Common Stock Derivatives,
issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit arrangements,
equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions or similar transactions approved by
the Board of Directors;

(4) Shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock or
Common Stock Derivatives issuable upon exercise of warrants, options, notes or other rights to
acquire securities outstanding as of the Filing Date;

(5)  Conimon Stock, or Common Stock Derivatives,
issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar transactions, the terms of which
are approved by the Board of Directors;

(6) Shares of Series E Preferred Stock issued
pursuant to the terms of that certain Series £ Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated on or about
the Filing Date, as amended from time to time;

(7) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of Preferred Stock:

(8) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in a
initial public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares Preferred Stock will
be automatically converted to Common Stock: and

(9) Common Stock or Common Stock Derivatives
issued or issuable to an entity as a component of any business relationship with such entity for the
purpose of (A) joint venture, technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply
or manufacture of the Corporation’s products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving
corporate partners that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, in each case the terms of

9.
which business relationship with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors and holders of
an aggregate of at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.

(C) No Fractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one hundredth of a
cent per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this
sentence shall be carried forward and shall be cither taken into account in any subsequent adjustment
made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried
forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the
adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of the
issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid
therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or
incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwiss in connection with the issuance and
sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a consideration in whole or in part
other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair value thereof as
determined by the Board of Directors in good fatth.irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(2} Deemed Issuances of Common Steck. In the case of
the issuance (whether before, on or after the Filing Date) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe
for Common Stock, securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or
options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities
(collectively the “Common Stock Derivatives”), the following provisions shall apply for all purposes
of this Section 4{d)(1):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any
conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without limitation, the
passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) of any Common
Stock Derivatives and subsequent conversion, exchaige or exercise thereof shall be deemed to have
been issued at the time such Common Stock Derivatives were issued and for a consideration equal to
the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and related Common
Stock Derivatives (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without taking
into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of any
Common Stock Derivatives (the consideration in cach case to be determined in the manner provided
in Section 4(d)()(D)).

{2} In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of anv Common Stock Derivatives including, but not limited to, a
change resulting from the antidilution provisicns thereof, the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock Derivatives,
shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but ne further adjustment shall be made for the actual

-{G-
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Derivatives.

(3) | Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Derivatives, the Conversion
- Price of the Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common
Stock Derivatives, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of
Common Stock (and Common Stock Derivatives that remain convertible, exchangeable or
exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock
Derivatives.

(4) | The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)() shall be
appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in either
Section 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)(G)(E)(3).

(F)  Nolncreased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding any
other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(2), except to the limited extent provided for in
Sections 4(d)(i)(E)(2) and 4(d)(i)(E)(3). no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this
Section 4(d)(1) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price
in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the Filing Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock
entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Derivatives without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional
shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Derivatives (including the additional shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the
date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the numberof shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in proportion
to such increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with
respect to such Common Stock Derivatives with the number of shares issuable with respect to
Common Stock Derivatives determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed
issuances in Section 4(A)()(2).

(1) ~~ Reverse Stock Splits. Ifthe number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Filing Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price
for the Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common
Stock issuabie on conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(e) Other Pistributions. in the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued bv the

-l]-
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in
Section 4(d)(it), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the holders of Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of
assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall be made
so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of
such Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation
or otherwise, to which a holder of Cammon Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been
entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the
application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of such
Preferred Stock efter the recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 4 (including
adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent
as practicable.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of these
Restated Articles (except in accordance with applicable law) or through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary.action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in
the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be
necessary or appropriate in order to pratect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock
against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificates as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of any
share or shares of Preferred Stock. In lieu of fractional shares, the Corporation will pay cash in an
amount equal to the fair value of such fractional shares, based on the fair market value of the shares
of Common Stock, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, as of the time when those
who would otherwise be entitled to rece!ve such tiactional shares is determined. The number of
shares issuable upon such conversion shal) be determined on the basis of the total number of shares
of Preferred Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the
Conversion Price of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its expense, shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare
and furnish to each holder of such Preferred Stack a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showimg in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based.
The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish

-12.
or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and
readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of a share of the Preferred Stock.

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the
holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class
or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail to each
holder of Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the
date on which anv such record is to be taken for the pnrpose of such dividend, distribution or right,
and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such
number of its shares of Common Steck as shal! from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of such series of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as
shall be available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation wil! take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufftcient for such purposes,
including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval of
any necessary amendment to tiese Restated Articles.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to be
given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shali be deemed given if deposited in the United
States mail, rostage prepaid, and addressed to each halder of record at his address appearing on the
books of the Corporation.

ra

5. Voting Rights

(a) Voting on an As-Converted Basis. Except as expressly provided by
these Restated Articles or as provided by law, the holders of Preferred Stock shall have the same
voting rights as the holders of Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’
meeting tn accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the holders of Common Stock and
the Preferred Stock shal] vote together as a single class on all matters. Each holder of Common
Stock shall be entitled to one vote tor each share of Common Stock held, and each holder of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock could be converted. Fractional votes shall not,
however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights avaiiabie on an as-converted basis (after
aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted)
shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).
(8) members. So long as at least 10,000,000 shares (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series B
Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series B Preferred, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect one member of the Corporation's Board of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to cach consent of the Corporation's shareholders for the election of directors. So long as
an ageregate of at least 7,500,000 shares (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series AA and Series
AA-I Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series AA and Series AA-1 Preferred,
voting together as a separate class, shal! be entitled to elect two members of the Corporation's Board
of Directors at cach meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation's shareholders for the
election of directors. So long as an aggregate of at least 500,000 shares (as adjusted for
Recapitalizations) of the Series A-1, Series A-2, and Series A-3 Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
the holders of Series A-!, Seriss A-2, and Series A-3 Preferred, voting together as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect one member of the Corporation's Board of Directors at cach meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Corpcration's shareholders for the election of directors. The holders
of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one member of the
Corporation's Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation's
shareholders for the election of cirectors. The holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock,
voting together as a single class on. an as-converted to Common Stock basis, shall elect the CEO of
the Company as a member of the Corparation’s Boerd of Directors, and two additional members of
the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Corporation’s sharehoiders for the election of directors.

(b) Election of Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of eight

istans. The protective provisions for the Preferred Stock are
as follows:

(a) So long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the
Corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by
law) of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
voting together as aclass: .

(i) (A) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to,
these Restated Articles or the Bylaws of the Corporation, or (B) otherwise alter or change the rights,
preferences or privileges of the shares of any series of Preferred Stock, by way of merger,
consolidation, substitution. reclassification or otherwise, so as to affect adversely the shares of such
series;

(ii) increase or decrease (other than by conversion in accordance
with the provisions of these Restated Articles) the total number of authorized shares of Preferred
Stock;

(iii) — authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue (whether by
reclassification or otherwise), (a) any other equity security, including any security convertible into or
exercisable for any equity security, having a preference over, or being on a parity with, any existing
series of Preferred Stock, in right ofrecemption, tiquidation preference, dividends, or voting rights
or (b) any increase in the authorized or designated number of any such equity security;
(iv) create any bond, note or other obligation of the Corporation in
an aggregate principal amount of more than $1,000,000, unless approved by all members of the
Board of Directors;

(v) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set funds
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock;
provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase at cost of shares of Common
Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the
Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements approved by the Board of Directors under
which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at cost upon the occurrence of
certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the exercise of any right of first
refusal;

(vi) effect a merger or consolidation, a sale of a substantial portion
of the assets of the Corporation, a Liquidation Transaction, or a reclassification or recapitalization of
the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation;

vit) any voluntary dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation;
, 5) ; | p

(vii) — pay or declare any dividend on any shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock or declare or make any other distribution, directly or indirectly, on account of any
shares of Common Stock of Preferred Stock now or hereafter outstanding; or

(ix) increase or Gecrease the authorized size of the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.

(b) For so long as at least 25% of the shares of a series of Preferred Stock
remain outstanding, in addition to any cther vote or consent required herein or by law, the vote or
written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of such series of
Preferred Stock shal! be necessary to effect any amendment, alteration, or repeal of any provision of
the Restated Articles or the Bylaws of the Corporation that alters or changes the voting or other
powers, preferences, or other special rights, privileges or restrictions of such series of Preferred
Stock (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise) so as to affect that series of Preferred Stock
adversely and in a manner different from any other series of Preferred Stock (it being understood
that a series of Preferred Stock shall not be affected differently because of the proportional
differences in the respective conversion prices and liquidation preferences-that arise out of
differences in the original issue prices vis-a-vis other series of Preferred Stock).

7, Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall
be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shal) be cancetled and shall not be
issuable by the Corporation. These Restated Articles shail be appropriately amended to effect the
corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capita! stock,

8. Repurchase ef Shares. In connection with repurchases by the Corporation at

cost of shares of Common Stock from: employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons
performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements approved by the

1
WN
i
Board of Directors under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at cost
upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the
exercise of any right of first refusal, Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation
Law shall not apply in whole or in part with respect to such repurchases.

(C) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Common Stock.

I. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the
Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation shall be
distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article II(B).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.
4. Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one

vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and
in such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE TV

(A) The hability of the direciors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

(B) — The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) to the fullest extent permissible under California
law.

(C) Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IV
by the shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director
or agent of the Corporation existing at the tume of such amendment, repeal or modification.”

Ed e ”
3 The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
corporation.
4, The foregoing amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite number of

shares of this corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California General
Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing armendment was !4,075,432 shares of Common Stock, 1,168,966 shares of Series A-1
Preferred Stock, 3,080,090 shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock, 466,668 shares of Series A-3
Preferred Stock, 33,375,528 shares of Series AA Preferred Stock, 10,391,770 shares of AA-1
Preferred Stock, 67,839,083 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 23,396,131 shares of Series B-1
Preferred Stock, 44,580,909 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and 87,790,104 shares of Series D
Preferred Stock. The percentage vote required was: a majority of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, voting separately as a class; at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A-]
Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Preferred Stock, Series AA Preferred Stock,
Series AA-1| Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series B-} Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class; and at Jeast sixty
percent (60%) of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class. The ,
number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required.

-17-
The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury that they have read the foregoing certificate and
know the contents thereof, and that the contents are true of their own knowledge.
Executed at Mountain View, California, on February 2 , 2010.

Peter Santos
President and CEO

Ly, ¢ Cal Dak

Michael J. Danaher
Secretary

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
