State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 11:41 AM 06/11/2003
FILED 11:36 AM 06/11/2003
SRV 030384734 — 3668655 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

AUSHON BIOSYSTEMS, INC.

Keke HE

FIRST. The name of the corporation is Aushon BioSystems, Inc. (the
Corporation”).

SECOND. _ The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of
Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County,
Delaware 19808. The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service
Company.

THIRD. The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the
Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

FOURTH. The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is three thousand (3,000) shares of Common Stock with a par value of $.001
per share.

FIFTH. The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

SIXTH. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of
the State of Delaware:

A. The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to adopt,
amend or repeal the By-Laws of the Corporation.

B. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the By-Laws of the
Corporation shall so provide.

C. The books of the Corporation may be kept at such place within or without the
State of Delaware as the By-Laws of the Corporation may provide or as may be designated
from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

SEVENTH. The Corporation eliminates the personal liability of each member of its
Board of Directors to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director, provided, however, that, to the extent provided by applicable law,
the foregoing shall not eliminate the liability of a director (i) for any breach of such director’s
duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith
-2-

or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of
Title 8 of the Delaware Code or (iv) for any transaction from which such director derived an
improper personal benefit. No amendment to or repeal of this provision shall apply to or have
any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director for or with respect to any acts or
omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

EIGHTH. The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision
contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by
statute, and all rights conferred upon a stockholder herein are granted subject to this reservation.

NINTH. The name and mailing address of the sole incorporator is as follows:
Name Mailing Address

Mitchell S. Bloom Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP
125 High Street
Boston, MA 02110

TENTH. Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this
Corporation and its creditors or any class of them and/or between this Corporation and its
stockholders or any class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of
Delaware may, on the application in a summary way of this Corporation or of any creditor or
stockholder thereof or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this
Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code or on the
application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed for this
Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code, order a
meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders
of this Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs.
If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors,
and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, agree
to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of this Corporation as consequence
of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said
reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the said application has been made, be
binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class of
stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may be, and also on this Corporation.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

WHAMONMS9595/1.2624029v1
-3-

1, THE UNDERSIGNED, being the sole incorporator hereinabove named, for the
purpose of forming a corporation pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, do make this certificate, hereby declaring and certifying that this is my act and deed

and the facts herein stated are true, and accordingly have hereunto set my hand this _// % day of
June, 2003.

S. Feom—
Mitchell S. Bloom
Sole Incorporator
