AC662985
Za e ZA7 “I eorted EDAg

of the State of Califomia
JUN 1 3 200?
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AUTEKBIO, INC.

The undersigned, Julius Li and Ronghao Li, hereby certify as follows:

A. They are the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer and Secretary,
respectively, of AutekBio, Inc. (the “Corporation’’).

B. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are hereby amended and restated
to read in their entirety as follows:

1. NAME OF CORPORATION.
The name of the Corporation is AutekBio, Inc..
2. PURPOSE.

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

3. INTENTIONALLY DELETED.
4. CAPITAL STRUCTURE.

4.1 Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two (2) classes of stock
to be designated, respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is fifty-five million (55,000,000) shares, of which
forty-five million (45,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) and ten
million (10,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock”).

4.2 Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by these Articles of Incorporation, shall be divided into series. The first series shall
consist of ten million (10,000,000) shares and is designated “Series A Preferred Stock” (the
“Series A Preferred Stock”). The rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to and
imposed on the Series A Preferred Stock are set forth below in the subparagraphs to this
Section 4 (Capital Structure).

4.2.1 Dividend Rights of Series A Preferred Stock.

(a) Amount and Priority of Dividend. The holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, when and if declared and paid by
the Board of Dircctors, out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any
declaration or payment of any dividend on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of
eight percent (8%) of the Original Issue Price per annum on each outstanding share of Series A
Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations or the like) or,

ARESITV4
if greater (as determined on a per annum basis and on an as-converted basis for the Series A
Preferred Stock), an amount equal to the amount paid on any other outstanding shares of the
Corporation. The Original Issue Price of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be twelve and one
half cents ($0.125) (the “Original Issue Price”). If dividends are not declared and paid,
dividends shall be noncumulative and shall not accrue. No dividends shal! be paid on any
Common Stock of the Corporation during any fiscal year of the Corporation until dividends at
the rate of eight percent (8%) of the Original Issue Price per annum on each outstanding share of
Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations or
the like) shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year. No dividends shall
be paid on any share of Common Stock unless a dividend is paid with respect to all outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount for each such share of Series A Preferred Stock
equal to or greater than the aggregate amount of such dividends for all shares of Common Stock
into which each such share of Series A Preferred Stock could then be converted.

(b) Distnibutions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution (other than pursuant to subparagraph 4.2.2 (Preference On Liquidation And
Reorganization) payable in: (i) securities of the Corporation or other persons; (ii) evidences of
indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons; (iii) assets (excluding cash dividends),
or (iv) options or rights to purchase any such securities or evidences of indebtedness, then in
each case the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of
any such distribution as though the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock were the holders of
the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock of
such holders were then convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the
holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

4.2.2 Preference on Liquidation and Reorganization.

(a) Distribution on Liquidation. In the event of any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of this Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of
any of the assets of this Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of the ownership
of such holders of such Series A Preferred Stock, first: (i) an amount per share equal to the sum
of: (A) the Original Issue Price as adjusted to reflect any share split, dividend, combination,
reclassification or similar event involving the Series A Preferred Stock, including adjustments
made pursuant to subparagraph 4.2.3(c) (Conversion Price Adjustments Of Series A Preferred
Stock); and (B) any declared but unpaid dividends thereon; and then (ii) the remaining assets of
this Corporation available for distribution to shareholders shall be distributed among the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of
Common Stock held by each (assuming full conversion of all such Series A Preferred Stock). If,
upon any such liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, the assets of the Corporation shall be
insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series A Preferred of the liquidation
preference set forth in subparagraph 4.2.2(a) (i), then such assets shall be distributed among the
holders of the Series A Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full
amounts to which they would otherwise be entitled

(b) Preference Upon Reorganization and Acquisition. For purposes
of this subparagraph 4.2.2 (Preference On Liquidation And Reorganization), a liquidation,

dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include

2

488537v4
(unless the holders of at least a majority of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall
determine otherwise): (i) the acquisition of the Corporation by another entity by means of any
transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization,
merger or consolidation) that results in the transfer of fifty percent (50%) or more of the

outstanding voting power of the Corporation; or (ii) a sale or all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation.

(c) Valuation of Property Distribution. Whenever the distributions
provided for i in | subparagraph 4.2.2 (Preference On Liquidation And Reorganization) shall be
payable in property other than cash or securities, the value of such distribution shall be the fair
market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, and the
Board of Directors shall value any securities as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to an investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability covered by subparagraph 4.2.2(c)(ii) (Valuation Of
Property Distribution):

(1) _ Iftraded on a security exchange or through the
NASDAQ National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of
the securities on such exchange or system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days
prior to the closing;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall
be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sales price (whichever is applicable) over the
thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value shall
be the fair market value of the securities, as mutually determined by the Corporation and the

holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock.

(ii) | The method of valuation of securities subject to an
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of the status of a shareholder as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined in subparagraphs 4.2.2(c)(i)(1), (2) or (3)
to reflect the approximate fair market value of such securities, as mutually determined by the
Corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock.

(d) Notice of Valuation. The Corporation shall give each holder of
record of Series A Preferred Stock written notice of any valuation described in
subparagraphs 4.2.2(c)(i) or (c)(ii) not later than twenty (20) days prior to the shareholders’
meeting called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such
transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final
approval of such transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and
conditions of the impending transaction requiring the valuation described in subparagraphs
4.2.2(c)(i) or (c){ii), and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any
material changes. The transaction requiring the valuation described in subparagraphs 4.2.2(c)(i)

3

48853704
or (c)(ii) shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the Corporation has
given the first notice provided for in these Articles or sooner than ten (10) days after the
Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for in these Articles; provided,
however, that such periods may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of Preferred
Stock that are entitled to such notice rights or similar notice rights and that represent at least a
majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of such Preferred Stock.

- 4.2.3 Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert.

(i) At any time after the date of issuance of Series A
Preferred Stock (the “Original Issue Date’’), each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder of such share, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original Issue Price by
the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share. The initial Conversion Price per share
for shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Conversion Price’) shall be the Original
Issue Price; provided, however, that the Series A Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
as set forth in subparagraph 4.2.3(c) (Conversion Price Adjustments Of Series A Preferred
Stock).

(ii) | Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Series A Conversion Price at the
time in effect for such series: (A) in the event that the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding Series A Preferred Stock consent to such conversion; or (B) immediately upon the
consummation of sale by the Corporation of the Common Stock of the Corporation in an
underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-1 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, where the aggregate gross proceeds to the Corporation
are not less than thirty-five million dollars ($35,000,000) and the price per share to the public of
the Common Stock is not less than five (5) times the Original Issue Price (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends or recapitalizations or the like) (the “Public Offering’’.

(b) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such stock into shares of Common Stock, such holder
shall surrender the certificate or certificates for such stock, duly endorsed, at the office of the
Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, and shall give written
notice by mail; postage prepaid, to the Corporation at the principal corporate office of the
Corporation, of the election to convert such stock and shall state in such notice the name or
names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The
Corporation shail, as soon as practicable after receiving such notice, issue and deliver at such
office to such holder of Series A Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder,
a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shail
be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior
to the close of business on the date of such surrendcr of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to
be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such
shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten

4

48853704
offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the
conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Series A Preferred Stock for conversion,
be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriter of the sale of securities pursuant to such
offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Series A
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(c) Conversion Price Adjustments of Series A Preferred Stock.

(i) Definition of Additional Stock. ‘Additional Stock” shall
mean any shares of Common Stock issued [or deemed to have been issued pursuant to
subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(5) (Adjustments For Options)] by the Corporation after the Purchase
Date other than: (A) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock or pursuant to a transaction described in subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(5)
(Adjustments For Options) or subparagraph 4.2.3(d) (Adjustments For Common Stock
Decrease); (B) shares of Common Stock of the Corporation issued to employees, officers,
consultants and directors of the Corporation pursuant to stock option plans or stock purchase
plans approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation; (C) shares of Common Stock,
warrants or options issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings or similar transactions approved by the Board of
Directors; or (D) securities issued pursuant to an acquisition of another corporation or entity by
the Corporation through a merger of otherwise, provided that the shareholders of the Corporation
immediately prior to the transaction hold more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of
the surviving or continuing entity.

(ii) | Conversion Price Adjustments. The Series A Conversion
Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(1) Additional Stock Adjustment. If the Corporation
shall issue any Additional Stock for consideration per share less than the Series A Conversion
Price for the Series A Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issuance, then the
Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall forthwith be
reduced, concurrently with the issuance of such Additional Stock, to the price (calculated to the
nearest one-tenth (1/10) of a cent) determined by multiplying such Series A Conversion Price by -
a fraction: (A) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (including shares of Common Stock deemed to
be issued pursuant to subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(5) (Adjustments For Options) plus the number of
shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for such
issuance would purchase at such Series A Conversation Price; and (B) the denominator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance
[including shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(5)
(Adjustments For Options)] plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock so issued.

(2) NoDiminimus Adjustments. No adjustment of
the Series A Conversion Price shal] be made in an amount less than one (1) cent per share,
provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made-by reason of this
subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(2) (No Diminimus Adjustments) shall be carried forward and shall be

either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to three (3) years from the
5

4885374
date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end
of three (3) years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward.
Except to the limited extent provided for in subparagraphs 4.2.3(c)(ii)(5)(C) and (E), no
adjustment of such Series A Conversion Price pursuant to this subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)
(Conversion Price Adjustments) shall have the effect of increasing the Series A Conversion Price
above the Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(3) Cash Sales of Additional Stock. In the case of the
issuance of ‘Additional Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid for such Common Stock after deducting any discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwniting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale of such Common Stock.

(4) Non-Cash Sales of Additional Stock. In the case
of the issuance of Additional Stock for a consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the
consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the fair market value of such property as
determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(5) Adjustments for Options. In the case of the

issuance (whether before, on or after the Original Issue Date) of: (i) options to purchase or rights
to subscribe for Common Stock; (ii) securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock or options to purchase; or (iii) rights to subscribe for such convertible or
exchangeable securities, the following provisions shall apply for all purposes of

subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(i) (Definition Of Additional Stock) and subparagraph 4.2.3(c){ii)
(Conversion Price Adjustments):

(A) | The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe
for Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were
issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration [determined in the manner provided in
subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(3) (Cash Sales Of Additional Stock), and subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(4)
(Non-Cash Sales Of Additional Stock)], if any, received by the Corporation upon the issuance of
such options or rights plus the minimum exercise price provided in such options or rights for the
Common Stock covered by such options or rights.

(B) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or
exchangeable securities, or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange of such
securities, shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such
options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received
by the Corporation for any such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash
received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional
consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation upon the conversion or exchange of such
securities or the exercise of any related options or rights [the consideration in each case to be
determined in the manner provided in subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(3) (Cash Sales Of Additional
Stock), and subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(4) (Non-Cash Sales Of Additional Stock)].

$8853704
(C) _ In the event of any change in the number
of shares of Common Stock deliverable to or in the consideration payable to the Corporation
upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible
or exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution
provisions of such options or rights, the Series A Conversion Price, to the extent in any way
affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities, shall be recomputed to reflect
such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock
or any payment of such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the
conversion or exchange of such securities.

(D) Upon the expiration of any such options or
rights, the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange, or the expiration of any options
or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Series A Conversion Price, to
the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities or options
or rights related to such securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number
of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect)
actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of
such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such securities.

(E) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to
subparagraphs 4.2.3(c)(ii)(5)(A) and (B) shal! be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change,
termination or expiration of the type described in either subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(5)(C) or (D).

(iii) Adjustments for Stock Splits. In the event the
Corporation should at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date fix a record
date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or
the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution
payable in additional shares of Common Stock or other securities or rights convertible into, or
entitling the holder of such Common Stock to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares of
Common Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”) without payment of any consideration by
such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents
(including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of such
securities or rights), then, as of such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split
or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Series A Conversion Price shall be appropriately
decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of
such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of shares of
Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents
with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents determined from
time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(ii)(5)
(Adjustments For Options).

(d) Adjustments for Common Stock Decrease. If the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after the Original Issue Date is decreased by a
combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such
combination, the applicable Series A Conversion Price shall be appropriately increased so that
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall
be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

7

43BS37v4
{e) Recapitatizations. If at any time or from time to time after the
Original Issue Date there shall be a recapitalization of the Common Stock [other than a
subdivision, combination or merger or sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this
subparagraph 4.2.3 (Conversion)}, provision shall be made so that the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or
otherwise to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been
entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the
application of the provisions of this subparagraph 4.2.3 (Conversion) with respect to the rights of
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the provisions
of this subparagraph 4.2.3 (Conversion) (including adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price
then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(f) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions. If
the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date makes, or fixes a
record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock, in each such event the Series A
Conversion Price that is then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the
event such record date is fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying
the Series A Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction: (i) the numerator of which is the total
number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such
issuance or the close of business on such record date; and (ii) the denominator of which is the
total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of
such issuance or the close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution; provided, however, that if such
record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on
the date fixed therefor, the Series A Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the
close of business on such record date and thereafter the Series A Conversion Price shall be
adjusted pursuant to this subparagraph 4.2.3(f) (Adjustment For Common Stock Dividends And
Distributions) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

(g) Reorganizations, Mergers or Consolidations. If at any time or
from time to time after the Original Issue Date, there is a capital reorganization of the Common

Stock or the merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another corporation or
another entity or person [other than an acquisition or asset transfer as set forth in

subparagraph 4.2.2(b) (Preference Upon Reorganization And Acquisition) or a recapitalization,
subdivision, combination, reclassification, exchange or substitution of shares provided for
elsewhere in this subparagraph 4.2.3 (Conversion)], as a part of such capital reorganization,
provision shall be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred shall thereafter be entitled to
receive upon conversion of the Series A Preferred the number of shares of stock or other
securities or property of the Corporation to which a holder of the number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such capital reorganization,
subject to adjustment in respect of such stock or securities by the terms of such reorganization.

In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this
subparagraph 4.2.3 (Conversion) with respect to the rights ‘of the holders of Serics A Preferred
after the capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this subparagraph 4.2.3
(Conversion) (including adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price then in effect and the

8

A88537V4
number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred) shall be applicable after
that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(h) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of the
Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the termsto be
observed or. performed under the Articles by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this subparagraph 4.2.3 (Conversion) and in the
taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion
Rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock against impairment.

(i) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions
thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one (1) share of Series A Preferred Stock by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Corporation shall, in lieu of
issuing any fractional share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the fair

market value of the Common Stock (as determined by the Board of Directors) on the date of
conversion.

(11) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment
of the Series A Conversion Price, pursuant to this subparagraph 4.2.3 (Conversion), the
Corporation, at the expense of the Corporation, shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms of the Articles and prepare and furnish to each holder
of Series A Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock
furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth: (A) such
adjustment and readjustment; (B) the Series A Conversion Price at the time in effect; and (C) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock.

>

(j) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining:
(i) the holders of such securities who are entitled to reccive any dividend (other than a cash
dividend) or other distribution; (ii) any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any
shares of stock of any class or any other securities or property; or (iii) any other right, then the
Corporation shall mail a.notice to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, at least twenty (20)
days prior to the date specified in such notice, specifying the date on which any such record is to
be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of
such dividend, distribution or right.

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of the authorized but unissued

9

ABISTIV4
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of
the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. If at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to
the holder of such Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall take such corporate action as
may, in the.opinion of counsel of the Corporation, be necessary to increase the authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock of the Corporation to such number of shares as shall be
sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the

requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation.

(I) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this
subparagraph 4.2.3 (Conversion) to be given to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to
each holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on the books of the Corporation.

4.2.4 Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Series A Preferred Stock
shall have the right to one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock into which such Series A
Preferred Stock could then be converted (with any fractional share determined on an aggregate
conversion basis being rounded to the nearest whole share, with one-half (1/2) being rounded
upward) and, with respect to such vote, such holder shall have full voting rights and powers
equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock, and shall be entitled,
notwithstanding any provision of the Articles, to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote, together with
holders of Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common Stock
have the right to vote.

4.2.5 Protective Provisions of the Preferred Shares. So long as at least four
million (4,000,000) shares of Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Corporation shal] not,
without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the

holders of at least fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
voting as a class:

(a) Alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the
Series A Preferred Stock,

(b) | Amend or waive any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws related to the Series A Preferred;

; (c) Pay or declare a dividend on the Common Stock or Preferred
Stock; or

(d) Sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the

property or business of the Corporation or merge into or consolidate with any other corporation
(other than a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation) or effect any transaction or series of related

10

48853704
transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Corporation is
disposed of (a “Change of Control’).

4.2.6 Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be converted pursuant to subparagraph 4.2.3 (Conversion), the shares so converted
shall be canceled and shall not be issuable by the Corporation. These Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be appropriately amended to effect the
corresponding reduction in the authorized capital stock of the Corporation.

4.3 Common Stock.

4.3.1 Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

4.3.2 Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided in
subparagraph 4.2.2 (Preference On Liquidation And Reorganization).

4.3.3. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have
the right to one (1) vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law.

4.4 Definitions. For purposes of this Article 4 (Capital Structure), the following
terms shall have the meanings defined as set forth below:

4.4.1 Common Stock. “Common Stock” shall have the meaning set forth in
Paragraph 4.1 (Classes Of Stock).

4.4.2. Common Stock Equivalent. “Common Stock Equivalent” shall have
the meaning set forth in subparagraph 4.2.3(c)(iii) (Adjustments For Stock Splits).

4.4.3 Original Issue Date. “Original Issue Date” shall have the meaning set
forth in subparagraph 4.2.3(a)(i).

444 Original Issue Price. “Original Issue Price” shall have the meaning set
forth in subparagraph 4.2.1(a) (Amount And Priority Of Dividend).

4.4.5. Preferred Stock. “Preferred Stock” shall have the meaning set forth in
Paragraph 4.1 (Classes Of Stock).

4.4.6 Public Offering. “Public Offering” shall have the meaning set forth in
subparagraph 4.2.3(a)(ii).

4.4.7 Series A Conversion Price. “Series A Conversion Price” shall have the
meaning set forth in subparagraph 4.2.3(a)(i).

11

48853704
4.4.8 Series A Preferred Stock. “Series A Preferred Stock” shall have the
meaning set forth in Paragraph 4.2 (Rights, Preferences And Restrictions Of Preferred Stock).

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS.

The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent permissible under California law. :

6. INDEMNIFICATION OF AGENTS.

The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with
agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, to the fullest extent
permissible under California law, including indemnification for breach of duty to the
Corporation and the shareholders of the Corporation, and indemnification in excess of the
indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject
to the limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the California
Corporations Code. If, after the effective date of these Articles, California law is amended in a
manner which permits a corporation to limit the monetary or other liability of the directors of
such corporation or to authorize indemnification of, or advancement of such defense expenses to,
the directors of such corporation or other persons, in any such case to a greater extent than is
permitted on such effective date, the references in this Article 6 (Indemnification Of Agents) to
“California law” shall to that extent be deemed to refer to California law as so amended.

7. AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any
provision of Articles 6 (Indemnification Of Agents) or of this Article 7 (Amendment Of Articles)
shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Corporation existing at the
time of such amendment.

C. The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been
approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

Dz. The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been duly
approved by the requisite number of shares of the Corporation in accordance with Section 902 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares of the Corporation is
thirteen million seven hundred thousand one hundred (13,700,100) shares of Common Stock.
The total number of shares voting in favor of this Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was more
than fifty percent (50%).

[SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE]

48853704
We declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the

matters set forth in these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation are true and correct of
our own knowledge.

(
Dated asof Juse F 9007,
IUS JANG LI,
Chief Executive Officer
RONGHAO LI,
Secretary

- SIGNATURE PAGE OF AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION -
- AUTEKBIO, INC, -
