07/28/16 3229853-

FILED 001
$90.00 K
JUL 28 2016 ARTICLES OF MERGER OF id: 3293896
WA SECRETARY OF STATE Ava V ING.
TAXCIENT, INC.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 23B.11.050 of the Revised Code of Washington
RCH’), the undersigned corporation hereby executes the following Articles of Merger:

1. The names of the corporations involved in the merger are Taxcient, Inc., a
California corporation (‘Subsidiary’), and Avalara, Inc., a Washington corporation
Company”).

2. Attached hereto as Exhibit A is the Plan of Merger, which sets forth the terms of
the merger of Subsidiary with and into Company. Company shall be the surviving corporation
(the “Surviving Corporation’), and the name of the Surviving Corporation shall remain Avalara,
Inc.

3. Approval of the Plan of Merger by the sole sharehoider of Subsidiary and the
shareholders of Company was not required pursuant to RCW 23B,11.040.

4, The merger shall be effective upon the filing of these Articles of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Washington,

DATED: July 28,2016

AVALARA, INC,

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary
EXHIBIT A
PLAN OF MERGER

(See Attached)
PLAN OF MERGER

This Plan of Merger (the “Plan of Merger’) sets forth the terms and conditions of the
merger of Taxcient, Inc., a California corporation (“Taxcient’”), with and into Avalara, Inc., a
Washington corporation (“Avafara”). Avalara and Taxcient are sometimes collectively referred
to in the Plan of Merger as the “Cortstituent Corporations.”

1, Merger

Taxcient, a wholly owned subsidiary of Avalara, shall be merged with and into Avalara
(hereinafter sometimes called the “Surviving Corporation”) pursuant to the applicable
provisions of the Washington Business Corporation Act and the California Corporations Code
and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan of Merger (the “Merger”).

2, Effectiveness

The Merger shall become effective upon the filing of Articles of Merger, which
incorporate the Plan of Merger (the “Articles af Merger”), with the Secretary of State of the
State of Washington (the “Effective Time of the Merger’).

3. Articles of Incorporation

The Articles of Incorporation of Avalara shall, at the Effective Time of the Merger, be
and remain the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until the same shall be
altered, amended or repealed.

4, Bylaws

The Bylaws of Avalara in effect at the Effective Time of the Merger shall, at the
Effective Time of the Merger, be and remain the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.

5, Directors and Officers

The directors and officers of Avalara in office at the Effective Time of the Merger shall,
at the Effective Time of the Merger, be and remain the directors and officers of the Surviving
Corporation and shall hold such offices in accordance with and subject to the Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, as in effect immediately after the
Effective Time of the Merger. .

6, Conversion of Shares

At the Effective Time of the Merger, by virtue of the Merger, all of the outstanding stock
of Taxcient will be cancelled.
7, Rights, Duties, Powers, Liabilities, Ete,

At the Effective Time of the Merger, the separate existence of Taxcient shall cease, and
Taxcient shall be merged in accordance with the provisions of the Plan of Merger with and into
the Surviving Corporation, which shat! possess all the properties and assets, and all the rights,
privileges, powers, immunities and franchises, of whatever nature and description, and shall be
subject to all restrictions, duties and liabilities of each of the Constituent Corporations, and all
such things shall be taken and deemed to be transferred to and vested in the Surviving
Corporation without further act or deed, and the title to any real estate, or any interest therein,
vested by deed or otherwise in either of the Constituent Corporations, shall be vested in the
Surviving Corporation without reversion or impairment. Any claim existing or action or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal or administrative, pending by or against either Constituent
Corporation, may be prosecuted to judgment or decree as if the Merger had not taken place, and
the Surviving Corporation may be substituted in any such action or proceeding.

8, Implementation

Each of the Constituent Corporations shall take, or cause to be taken, all action or do, or
cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under the laws of the State of
Washington and the State of California to consummate and make effective the Merger.

9, Termination

The Plan of Merger may be terminated for any reason at any time before the filing of the
Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Washington.

2.
