FILED
Secretary of State
State of Washington
Date Filed: 06/19/2018
Effective Date: 06/19/2018
| UBI No: 601 973 642
AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF
AVALARA, INC.

ARTICLE 1. NAME
The name of this corporation is Avalara, Inc.
ARTICLE 2. SHARES
2.1 Authorized Capital Stock

The total number of shares which this corporation is authorized to issue is 620,000,000,
consisting of two classes of shares of capital stock to be designated, respectively, "Common Stock,"
and "Preferred Stock." The total number of shares of Common Stock that this corporation shall have
authority to issue is 600,000,000, each with a par value of $0.0001. The total number of shares of
Preferred Stock that this corporation shall have authority to issue is 20,000,000 shares, each with a
par value of $0.0001.

2.2 Preferred Stock

This corporation’s board of directors (the "Board of Directors") shall have the full authority
permitted by law to divide the authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock into series, and to
provide for the issuance of such shares (in an aggregate amount not exceeding the aggregate number
of shares of Preferred Stock authorized by this corporation’s articles of incorporation (as amended or
restated from time to time) (the or these "Articles")), as determined from time to time by the Board of
Directors and stated, before the issuance of any shares thereof, in the resolution or resolutions
providing for the issuance thereof. The Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix and
determine and to amend the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock that is wholly unissued
or to be established and to fix and determine and to amend the designation, preferences, voting
powers and limitations, and the relative, participating, optional or other rights, of any series of shares
of Preferred Stock that is wholly unissued or to be established, including, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the voting rights relating to shares of such series of Preferred Stock, the
rate of dividend to which holders of shares of such series of Preferred Stock may be entitled, the
rights of holders of shares of such series of Preferred Stock in the event of liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the affairs of this corporation, the rights of holders of shares of such series of Preferred
Stock to convert or exchange shares of such series of Preferred Stock for shares of any other capital
stock or for any other securities, property or assets of this corporation, and whether or not the shares
of such series of Preferred Stock shall be redeemable and, if so, the term and conditions of such
redemption.

Before this corporation shall initially issue shares of a series of Preferred Stock created under
RCW 23B.06.020 (or any successor provision thereto) of the Washington Business Corporation Act,
articles of amendment setting forth the terms of such series in a form meeting the requirements of
RCW 23B.06.020 shall be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Washington in the manner
prescribed by the Washington Business Corporation Act, and shall be effective without shareholder

132638942.4
Work Order #: 2018062000285149 - 1
Received Date: 06/19/2018
Page: | of 7 Amount Received: $80.00
approval. Unless otherwise specifically provided in the resolution establishing any series of Preferred
Stock, the Board of Directors shall further have the authority, after the issuance of shares of a series
whose number it has designated, to amend the resolution establishing such series to decrease the
number of shares of that series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding.

2.3 Common Stock

The preferences, limitations, voting powers and relative rights of the Common Stock (subject
to the preferences and rights of the Preferred Stock as determined by the Board of Directors pursuant
to Section 2.2 of these Articles) are as follows:

(a) Voting Rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Articles or required
pursuant to RCW 23B.07.210(2), each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one (1) vote for
each share of Common Stock held as of the applicable record date on any matter that is submitted to a
vote of the shareholders of this corporation (including, without limitation, any matter voted on at a
shareholders’ meeting).

(b) Dividends and Distributions. Subject to the preferences applicable to any series of
Preferred Stock, if any, outstanding at any time, shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of legally
available funds. Subject to the preferences applicable to any series of Preferred Stock, the shares of
Common Stock are entitled to the net assets of this corporation upon dissolution in accordance with
Chapter 23B.14 of the RCW.

ARTICLE 3. PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS

No preemptive rights shall exist with respect to shares of stock or securities convertible into
shares of stock of this corporation, except to the extent provided by written agreement with this
corporation.

ARTICLE 4. CUMULATIVE VOTING

The right to cumulate votes in the election of directors shall not exist with respect to shares of
stock of this corporation.

ARTICLE 5. DIRECTORS
5,1 Board Size

Except as otherwise provided in these Articles, the total number of authorized directors
constituting the Board of Directors shall be fixed from time to time solely by the Board of Directors
pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board of Directors.

5.2 Classified Board Structure

From and after the effectiveness of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
(the "Effective Time"), the directors, other than any who may be elected by the holders of any series
of Preferred Stock under specified circumstances, shall be divided into three (3) classes as nearly
equal in size as is practicable, hereby designated Class I, Class II and Class III. The Board of
Directors may assign members of the Board of Directors already in office to such classes at the time
such classification becomes effective. The term of office of the initial Class I directors shall expire at

2.
132638942.4
Work Order #: 2018062000285149 - 1
Received Date: 06/19/2018
Page: 2 of 7 Amount Received: $80.00
the first regularly-scheduled annual meeting of the shareholders following the Effective Time, the
term of office of the initial Class II directors shall expire at the second annual meeting of the
shareholders following the Effective Time, and the term of office of the initial Class III directors shall
expire at the third annual meeting of the shareholders following the Effective Time. At each annual
meeting of shareholders, commencing with the first regularly-scheduled annual meeting of
shareholders following the Effective Time, each of the persons elected as a director of the Class of
directors whose term shall have expired at such annual meeting shall be elected to hold office until
the third annual meeting next succeeding his or her election. Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Article 5, despite the expiration of a director's term, a director shall continue to
serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until there is a decrease in the size of
the Board of Directors. If the number of directors is hereafter changed, any newly created
directorships or decrease in directorships shall be so apportioned among the classes as to make all
classes as nearly equal in number as is practicable, provided that no decrease in the number of
directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

5.3 Removal

At a meeting of shareholders called expressly for that purpose, one or more directors,
including the entire Board of Directors, may be removed only for cause by the holders of the shares
entitled to elect the director or directors whose removal is sought if, with respect to a particular
director, the number of votes cast to remove the director exceeds the number of votes cast to not
remove the director.

5.4 Vacancies

Any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, removal or other
causes and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors
may be filled only by the Board of Directors or, if the directors in office constitute less than a
quorum, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors or the sole remaining
director. The term of a director elected to fill a vacancy expires at the next election of directors by the
shareholders.

ARTICLE 6. LIMITATION OF DIRECTOR LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

(a) To the full extent that the Washington Business Corporation Act, as it exists on the
date hereof or may hereafter be amended, permits the limitation or elimination of the liability of
directors, a director of this corporation shall not be liable to this corporation or its shareholders for
monetary damages for conduct as a director.

(b) This corporation shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify any
individual made a party to a proceeding because that individual is or was a director of this corporation and
shall advance or reimburse the reasonable expenses incurred by such individual in advance of final
disposition of the proceeding, without regard to the limitations in RCW 23B.08.510 through 23B.08.550 of
the Washington Business Corporation Act, or any other limitation which may hereafter be enacted to the
extent such limitation may be disregarded if authorized by these Articles.

(c) Any amendments to or repeal of this Article 6 shall not adversely affect any right or
protection of a director of this corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director
occurring before such amendment or repeal.

-3-
132638942.4
Work Order #: 2018062000285149 - 1
Received Date: 06/19/2018
Page: 3 of 7 Amount Received: $80.00
ARTICLE 7, SHAREHOLDER ACTIONS

Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of shareholders may be taken
without a meeting or a vote if the action is taken by written consent of all shareholders entitled to vote
on the action.

ARTICLE 8. AUTHORITY TO AMEND ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

This corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any of the provisions contained in these
Articles in any manner now or hereafter permitted by the Washington Business Corporation Act or by
these Articles and the rights of the shareholders of this corporation are granted subject to this
reservation.

8.1 Supermajority Voting

Except as provided in Section 8.2, the amendment or repeal of provisions in any of the
following Articles or sections listed in this Section 8.1 shall require the affirmative vote of the holders
of not less than two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast thereon by the shareholders of this
corporation, voting together as a single voting group:

e = =6Article 5 ("Directors");
e Article 6 ("Limitation of Director Liability and Indemnification");
e Sections 8.1 and 8.2 of Article 8 ("Authority to Amend Articles of Incorporation");
e Article 11 ("Special Meeting of Shareholders"); and
e Article 12 ("Bylaws").
8.2 Majority Voting

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.1, an amendment or repeal of provisions in an
Article or section identified in Section 8.1 that is approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors
(as defined below), voting separately and as a subclass of directors, shall require the affirmative vote
of the holders of not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast thereon by the shareholders
of this corporation, voting together as a single voting group.

As used in this Article 8, "Continuing Director" means any member of the Board of
Directors who was a member of the Board of Directors as of the Effective Time or who is elected to ‘
the Board of Directors after the Effective Time upon the recommendation of a majority of the
Continuing Directors.

ARTICLE 9. SHAREHOLDER VOTE REQUIRED ON CERTAIN MATTERS

With respect to any proposal or matter presented to shareholders for approval under RCW
23B.11.030, RCW 23B.12.020 or RCW 23.B.14.020, in accordance with RCW 23B.07.270, this
corporation's shareholders may approve the proposal or matter by a majority of the voting group
comprising all the votes entitled to be cast on such proposal or matter. This Article 9 is intended to
reduce the voting requirements otherwise prescribed by the Washington Business Corporation Act
with respect to the foregoing matters.

-4-
132638942.4
Work Order #: 2018062000285149 - 1
Received Date: 06/19/2018
Page: 4 of 7 Amount Received: $80.00
ARTICLE 10, LIMITATION OF SEPARATE CLASS VOTING TO EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW

Except (a) to the extent otherwise expressly provided in these Articles with respect to voting
or approval rights of a particular class or series of capital stock, (b) as may be fixed or determined
with respect to any series of Preferred Stock, or (c) to the extent otherwise provided pursuant to RCW
23B.10.030(3) or RCW 23.B.11.030(3), the holders of each outstanding class or series of shares of
this corporation shall not be entitled to vote as a separate voting group (1) on any amendment to these
Articles with respect to which such class or series would otherwise be entitled under
RCW 23B.10.040(1)(a), (e), or (f) to vote as a separate voting group, or (2) on any plan of merger or
share exchange with respect to which such class or series would otherwise be entitled under
RCW 23B.11.035 to vote as a separate voting group.

ARTICLE 11. SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

The Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer of this corporation,
the President of this corporation or the Board of Directors may call special meetings of the
shareholders. Special meetings of the shareholders may not be called by the shareholders or any other
person or persons, other than as set forth in the first sentence of this Article 11.

ARTICLE 12. BYLAWS

The Bylaws of this corporation may be altered, amended or repealed and new Bylaws may be
adopted by the Board of Directors, except that the Board of Directors may not amend or repeal any Bylaw
that the shareholders have expressly provided, in amending or repealing the Bylaw, may not be amended or
repealed by the Board of Directors. The shareholders may also alter, amend and repeal the Bylaws of this
corporation or adopt new Bylaws; provided, however, that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast by the shareholders of this corporation generally in the
election of directors, voting together as a single voting group, shall be required for the shareholders of
this corporation to alter, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws of this corporation or adopt
new Bylaws.

5-
132638942.4
Work Order #: 2018062000285149 - 1
Received Date: 06/19/2018
Page: 5 of 7 Amount Received: $80.00
|
|
ARTICLE 13. SAVINGS CLAUSE

If any provision of these Articles is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be

invalid, unenforceable or contrary to applicable law, the remainder of these Articles shall be
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

Dated; June 19, 2018 AVALARA, INC.

Alesia Pinney
Executive Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary

Work Order #: 2018062000285149 } 1

Page: 6 of 7

Received Date: 06/19/2018
Amount Received: $80.00
J

4
1

| CERTIFICATE ACCOMPANYING
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
| OF
AVALARA, INC.

_ The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation contain amendments to the
Articles of Incorporation requiring shareholder approval as described below.

l, The name of the corporation is Avalara, Inc. (the “Company”).

2. The Articles of Incorporation of the Company are amended in their entirety to
read as set forth in the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation submitted herewith.

3. The date of the adoption of the amendments by the shareholders of the
Company is May 1, 2018.

4. The amendments were duly approved by the shareholders of the Company in
accordance with the provisions of RCW 23B.10.030 and RCW 23B.10.040, such approval
was obtained by written consent in accordance with RCW 23B.07.040, and notice to any
nonconsenting shareholders of the Company has been given to the extent required by RCW
23B.07.040.

DATED: June 19 , 2018
AVALARA, INC,

Alesia Pinney
Executive Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary

Work Order #: 2018062000285149} 1
Received Date: 06/19/2018
Page: 7 of 7 Amount Received: $80.00
