40644435, tL EL Ww

f ett ty, office of the Secretary of s.
a ee on of the State of California
EXECUTION COPY

+. in aN BEET ATE APR 2 § 2006
MHIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
AVANTIS MEDICAL SYSTEMS. INC.

the undersigned. Fred R. Seddiqui and Arman Pahlavan, hereby certify that:
i They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary. respectively, of
\vartis Medteal Systems, Inc.. a Cah formia corporation.

2 the Articles of this Corporation shall be amended and restated to read as full as

JOLOWS

ARTICLE |

The name of the corporation ts Avantis Medical Systems. Inc. (the "Cormoration”).

ARTICLE I
Tae purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any fawful act or activity for which a
ceorporaien thi be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
iaunkiny business, ihe trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
InceTpurated bs the ‘“aliforma Corperations Code

ARTICLE Il

(\i 0 Classes of Stock. The Cerporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
pe desivaated, respectively. “Common Stock” und “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
“hich the Corporation is authorized to issue is twenty-seven million one hundred fifty thousand
b> PS shures. Twenty million (20,006,000) shares shall be designated Common Stock,
with par value of So! per share, and seven million one hundred fifty thousand (7,150,000)
snares stall be designated Preferred Stock. with par value of SO0.001 per share.

ths Rivhts, Prelerences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by these Articles of Incorporation may be issued from time to lime in one or more
series The first series of Preferred Stock shall be des:gnated “Series A Preferred Stock” and
shall consist of one sullion one hundred fifty thousand (1.159.000) shares. The second series of
Preterred Stock shall he designated “Series A-1 Preferred Stock” and shall consist of six million
160.000.0800) shares. Phe nights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed
an tne Serigs A Preferred Stock and Series A-! Preferred Stock are set forth hclow in this Article
tihet3y

1 Dividend Provisions The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
ane Series A-t Pretorted Stock shall be cnuded to recerve cash dividends at the rate of $0.93 per
spar and S46 per share. respectively. per vecr Cas adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or
eoinbutiens, rcupttalizations and similar events) out of ams essets legally a-ailable therefor,
oor and in preference to any declaration of payment of any dividend (payable ether than in
Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to
recone. directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock for the Corporation) on the
Common Stock of the Corporation, at the same rate as any dividend shall be from time to time
declared by the Board of Directors on the outstanding Cemmion Stock. The dividends shall be
payable yuarterly. anu shall be paid when. as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such
dividends shall not be cumulative. Subject to the provisions of this Section (1), no dividends
shall be paid er declared on the Common Stock during any fiscal year unless a similar dividend
is pare or declared on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-| Preferred Stock.

: Liquidation.
tay Preference. In the e ent of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up ofthe Corperauiun, ether voluntary cr involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Senes A-| Preferred Stock shail be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any
vhstributton of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of
their ownership thereof an amount equal to $0.50 and $1.00, respectively, for each sharc of
Senes A Preferred Stock and Series A-] Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but
unpaid des idends. Hf upon the vccurtence of such event. the assets and funds thus distributed
antong the holders of the Series A Preferred Stockh and Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then
the entire assets and tunds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distubuted ratably amony the holders of the Senes A Prelerred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred
Steck im pruvoriton to the preferentia! amount each such hoider is otherwise entitled to receive.

tb) Remaining Assets. If upon the occurrence of a liquidation,
slissvlution or winding up, assets er surpius funds remain in the Corporation after the distribution
ofameunts speered in Section 2(a), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1
Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to share in all such remaining
esoets and surplus tunds im the same munner as if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
heres A-1 Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock.

() Certain Acquisitions.

0 Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
Inpodation. dissolut wior wind ne up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or
tounelude. (Ab the aequisition of the Corporation by enother person or entity by means of any
Lasacton or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization,
merger or consolidation, Dut excluding any merger effected exclusively for purposes of changing
the domicile of the Corporation): or (B) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corperaten, unless in the case of esther (A) o7 (B) the Corporation’s shareholders of record as
-onstiututed immediately prior to such acquisition or sale will, immediately after such acquisition
or sale tbs virtue of securities issued zs consideration for the Corporation’s acquisition or sale or
othermtisc) hold at least 50". of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring enuty in
epprernnaicls the same relauve percentages atter such acquisition or sale as before such

aQuisiion at sale
(1) Valuauon of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
uquadation as deseribed in Section 2(¢K)) above. if the censideration received by the Corporation
is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any secunties shall be valued
cts follows

(A) Secunties not subject to investment letter or cther
restricuons on free marketabilt.., including without limitation Rule 145 restrictions:

1) If traded on a secunties exchange or the
NASDAQ National Market. the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of
the securtics on such exchange over the tirty-day peried ending three (3) days pnor to the
closing.

(2) Ifactively traded over-the-counter, the valuc
shail be deemed to be the averaze of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over
the thiny-dzs oenod ending three (3) days pnor to the closing; and

(3) If there ts no active public market, the value
shall be the fair tiessket value thercolt as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(By The method of valuation of securities subject to
ue esiment letter or other restricuions on tree marketability shall be to make an appropriate
shscount from the market value determined as above in Section 2(c)(ii)(A) to reflect the
spproximate fair niarket value thereof: as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.
Phe hur market value of any property other than cash or securities shall be the fair market value
determined bs the Board of Directors.

Phe tan market value of any property other than cash or securities shall be the fair market value
determined by the Board of Directors.

(in) | Notice of Transaction. The Corporation shall give each
hoider of record of Preterred Stock written notice of such impendiny transaction not Jater than
twenty (20) davs prior to the shareholders” meeting called to approve such transaction, or twenty
ily days prier to the closing of such transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such
holders in wnting of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices shall
describe the material terms and conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions of this
Section 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter vive such holders prompt notice of any material
changes The transactien shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the
Corporation bas given the first notuce provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the
Corporation has yiven nouce of anv material changes provided for herein; provided, however,
that such periods may he shortened upon the written consent of the holders of Preferred Stock
thatare ended to such nuuce rzhts or similar notice myehts and that represent at least a majority
ot the voting power of all then outstanding shares of such Prefezred Stock; and provided further
that the Corporation promptls Cbut in no eveat less than two (2) business days prior to the closing
oP lie [itneachion) gives written pouee to all hulders of Preferred Stock that did rot consent to
The saorteniit of such periods

‘ae
qi) Effect of Nuncomphance. In the even the requirements of
ths Section 2teyenteare ne: complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith cither cause the
closing of the Uransacte:n to be postpaned unt such requirements have been complied with, or
cance: such transaction, in which event the nyhts, preterences and pnvileges of the holders of
Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights, preferences and privileges existing
immediately prior to the date of the first neue referred to in Section 2(c){iii) hereof.

3 Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.
4 Conversion. Phe holders of the Series ~ Preferred Stock and Series A-!

Preterred Stock shall have conversion rights us iollows (the “Conversion Rights”).

tata Rivhtto Convert Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A
Proferred Stock and Series A-l Preterred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder
thereon alans tine after the date of issuance of such share. at the office of the Corporation or any
Iranster avent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Sock as is determined by dividing $0.50 and $1.90, respectively, by the Conversion
Price apphcable to such share, determined us hereinatter provided, in effect on the date the
conafivate is surrendered fur conversion. Phe mital Conversion Price per share of Senes A
*reterted Stuck shall be $0 50 per share. The intial Conversion Price per share of Series A-|
Pro forred Stock shall be $100 per share. Such initial Conversion Prices shall be subject to
sdiustment as set forth mi Section 4d).

(by Autumatic Comversion. Fach share of Series A Preferred Stock
and Sortes \-1 Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at
wear respeebve Conversion Price ai the ime in effect for such share immediatcty upon the earlier
ofr the Corporation's sale of its Common Stock in an underwritten pubic offering pursuant to
a regestiation statement under the Secunties Act of 1933, as amended. at a public offering price
thor te unde riters” discounts and expenses) with the ageregu’e gross cash proceeds to the
Corporstion and or any selling stockholders (after deduction for undenvriters’ discounts and
J\pedses relating to the issuance. including without limitation fees to the Corporation's counsel)
which exceed $15,000,000 or (1) the date specitied by written consent of the holders of a
maports of the voting power of ail then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
yerizs A-! Preterred Stock voting as a single class.

ww) Mechanics of Cenversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock
shaibbo entuled ty convert the sume mo shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender
the certificate or certificates therefor. duly endorsed. at the office of the Corporation or of any
transier agent for the Prererred Stock. and shall vive written notice te the Corporation et its
pouoa. corporate vlfice. of the election to convert the same and sha!l state therein the name or
ratmies mp whoa the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The
Corporacen shall as soon as practicuble thereafter. issue and deliver at such office to suck
holder ar Preferred Stock. or to the nominee of nominees of such holder. a certificate or
eettticates for shares ef Coninvon Stock to te issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as
Mracheabic thereutter. issue aod delver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the
DT ae nominees of such helder. a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
(onmmon Stock fo wrieh such holder shail be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shal! be
deemed to fave been made immediately prior tu the close of business on the date of such
surrender of ihe shares of Preferred Stock to be converted. and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all
Purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as .' such date. !f the
CONVEDSIUIE ry MD comMeechon with an nadenwntten ofienny of securities registered pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering
Preterred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale
oP secures pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive Common
Steck upen conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities. Upon receipt of
oviadenee reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
awcortticate of shares of Preferred Stock and (in cuse of loss, theft or destruction) upon delivery
ofan indemnity gercement with surety if reasonably required) in an amount reasonably
stUistactors to the Corporation, or (in tie case of mutilation) upon surrender and cancellation of
wn Comificate. ne Corporation will issue. in eu thereol a new certificate to the helder.

(a) Conversion Prive Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Duuuve issuances. Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Pnces of the Series A Preferred

Stock and Series A-1 Preterred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

WW} 14) the Corporation shall issue, after the date upon
vinen ans shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-] Preferred Stock were first issued
mthe “Purchase Date”) any Additronal Stock (as defined below) without consideration or fer a
censideration per share less than the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series
S-1 Preferred Stock im effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the
such Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock in effect
winediately prior to euch such issuance shall automatically (except as otherwise provided in this
clause (1) be reduced, concurtently with such issue to a price determined by multiplying the
Conversion Pree of the Series A Preferred Stock and Serics A-1 Preferred Stock, as applicable,
wettest by a ir ccuion. the numerator of which shal! he the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately pnor to such issue plus ts. umber of shares of Common Stock which
the aggregate consideration received by the Conys.a, for the total number of Additional Shares
ot Commute Stock so issucd would purchase at tie Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred
Steck er Series A-} Preferred Stock, as applicable: and tae denominator of which shal! be the
number et shares of Commion Stuck outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number
orsuch Additional Stuck so issued: provided, however, that for the purposes of Section
4edotin Vy all shares of Common Stock issued or :ssuable upon conversion of the then
vutstanding Preferred Stock or other Converuble Securiues (hereinafter defined) or upon
vsereisg oF the then outstanding Options ¢hereinatier defined) shall be deemed outstanding.

For the purposes of this Section 4(dj(1)(A), the
ebony terms stall have the following meanings:

“Options” shall mean mghts options or warrants to
ter. purchase of othemetse seauire either Common Stock or Convertible Secunties

rey

tabs,

ral
“Converuble Securities” shall mean any evidences
ot tnachtedness, shares or other securities convertible inte or exchanueable for Common Stock.

(By = No adjustment to the Conversion Price of either the
Serres A Preferred Stuck or Serius A-T Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one
anc-hundredth of one cent per share. provided that any adjustments which are not required to be
made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in
aus subscquent adjustment made prior to three vears trom the date of the event giving rise to the
salustment bene carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three vears from the date of the
event giving nse to the adjustment bemy curried forward. Except to the limited extent provided
im Sections 44d ib 03) and 4(da(QeE 44). no adjustment of such Conversion Price pursuant to
this Section 44datn shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion
Price in etfect immediately prior to such adjustment

(C) — In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for
cash. the consiferations shall be deemed to be the amount of cash therefor before deducting any
tessonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the
Corporation for any undenvriting of othensvise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(D) Inthe case of the issuance of the Common Stock for
aw wensideration in whole or in pant other thas cash. the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to oe the fur market value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective
OU US acceunting Erealment,

(E) — Inthe case of issuance (whether before, on or after
the applicable Purchase Date) of options to purchase or nghts to subscribe for Common Stock,
secuniies $y their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to
purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following
prosiaons shall appl. ter all purposes of this Section 4¢d)G) and Section 4(d)(ii):

(1) Ihe aggregate maximum number of shares
of Coninton Stoca deliverabie upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
overetsaduity. including without limitation, the passage of time, but withoul taking into account
potential anudiluuion adjustments) of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Mock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for
2 consideration equal to the consideration (determuied in the manner provided in Sections
dehy and 44doD), any, received by the Corporation upon the issuance of such options
etrivhts plus minimual eXerelse price provided in such options or rights (without taking into
weceunt potential antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered thereby.

(2) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock del crable upor conversion of or in exchange (assuming the satisfaction of

ate. Conditions to convertibility or exchangeability, including witnout limitation, the passage of
de. but without taking info account potential aitdluton adjustments) for any such convertible
of svchangcobie securities er upon the exercoe ef options to purchase nghts to subscribe for
sah comveruble or eschanzcauble sceurities and st bsequent conversien or exchange thercof sha!!
ne steed te have been issued at the time such securities Were issued or sucn options or rights
svete issucd and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the
Corporeton tor any such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on
account of accrued saterest or xcerued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if
ans. to be received by the Corporation (without taking into a_ count potential antidilution
adjustments) upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related
ophions or rivhts the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in
Section JH iO) and 40d

(3) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Sivek deliverable or in the consideration payab’e to the Corporation upon
everense ef such options or nights or upon cenversion ef or in exchange for such convertible or
exchanyeable securities. including, but not limited to, a chane resulting from the antidilution
provisions thereot, the Conversion Prices of the Senes A Preferred Stock and Series A-1
Pieterred Stock. to the extent in ans way affected by or computed using such options, nghts or
sccurtties, shall be recomputed pursuant lo Section 4d) A? to reflect such change, but no
tucther adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of
such consideration epon the exercise of any such options or mghts or the conversion or exchange
OD SUCH SCCHTIEES

(4) Upon expiration of any such options or
nights, the termination of any sech nghts to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options
or nights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Prices of the
Seres A Preferred Stuck and Series A-1 Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such options. rizhts or securities or options or rights related to such securities,
snail bere. puted te reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and
convertib’s or exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise

Sarnia

of such optiens or rights, upon the conversion or exchanye of such securities or upon the exercise
or the aptions or rights related to such secunties.

(3) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed pad therefor pursuant tu Sections 4(d)(i)(E)(1) and
62) shail be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change. iermination or expiration of the type
iiesermped ca either Section $¢d ek 3) or (4)

(an) “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common
Stock ssuvd tor deemed to have been issued pursuant lo Section 4(d)(i} E)) by the Corporation

afior the Purchase Pxne other than:

tA) Shares of Common Stock issued or dcemer! to have
been tssucd pursuant to a transaction desenbed in Section 4(d)(in) hereof,

(By Shares of Common Stock tssued uv: deemed to have
been tested to employees, consultants. directors or vendors of the Corpcration directly or
pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of Directors of the
Corporston. abany ime when the total number of shares of Common Stock so issuable or issued
mam net repurchased at cost bs the Corporation or othenvise terminated in connection with the
ISAT Uaron of amy such persen’s relahons with the Company) does not exceed 2.500,000 shares
tor such higher amoust approved by the Board of Directors) (adjusted to reflect stock dividends.
stock sphts of recapitalization),

(C) Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to have
been issued te Financial insttutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit

atanyements, equipment financings or similar transactions approved by the Board of Directors:
and

(D) Shares of Common Stock 1ssued or decmed to have
been issucd upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock or Series A-1 Preferred Stock.

(13) In the event the Corporation should at any time or from
time to ume after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision
of the outstandmy shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock
entidled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock
or other secunties or rights convenible into, or entitiing the holder thereof to receive directly oi
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (hereinaficr referred to as “Common Stock
Equivalents”) without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of
Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of
such dividend distibution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Prices
ofthe Serres A Preterred Stock and Senes A-1 Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased
so that che number of shares of Common Stock issuable cn conversion of each share of Series A
Preterred Stock and Series A-! Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such increase
the ayyregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuab!e-with respect to such
Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares issuable wi: respect to Common Stock
Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner provided ..r deemed issuance’s in
Seeuon die).

(iv) Ifthe number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at
any Lime alter the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, then. tollowing the record date of such combination, the Conversion Prices of
the Series A Preterred Stock and Series A-| Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased sc
that the number of shares of Common Siock issuable on conversion cf each share of such series
shall be decreaseJ in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(ec) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribuiien payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Cerporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4qdX ini), then, in each such cuse for the purpose of this Section 4(c), the holders of
Preterred Stock shall be entutled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they
were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their
shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the
holders of Common Stock of the Corpovation entitled to receive such distribution.

hy Recapitulizations. li at any time or from time to time there shall be
2 recapitaitzation of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale
of assets transactions provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Scction 2) provisions shall be
made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entided to receive upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of
the Corporation or othenvise. to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion
would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, eppropriate adjustment shall
be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the nights of the
holders of Preferred Stuck after the recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this

Section 4 including adjustment of the Conversion Pnces then in effect and the number of shares
purchasable upon conversion cf the Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be as
Hearly equivalent as practicable.

(2) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amen? ment of its
Arpeles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid
or svch to avoid the observance or perfomance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all
the provistons of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against
HUD,

th No Fractional Share and Certificate as to Adjustments.

() No fractional sharcs shal! be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock, and the
number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded to the nearest whole share
twith one half being rounded upward). In licu of any fractional shares which would otherwise be
issuable. the Corporation shall pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the
tur murkel value of one share of Common Stock on the date of conversion, as determined in
accordance with Section 2¢c¢Xi1) Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such
conversion siall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock the
holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuuble upon such ugerevate conversion.

(ii) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
a Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock pursuant to
this Section 4, the Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof. and prepare and furnish to each holder of
Sones A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such
adjusunent or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder
of Series A Preferred Stock or Series A-| Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to
such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the
Conversion Prices of the Senes A Preferred Stock and Series A-! Preferred Stock ai the time in
efteet. and (C3 the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property
which at the ume would be received upon the conversion of a share of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock
Ww Notic:s of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a reeord of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend’ or other
distributior.. any nght to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
to each holder of Preferred Stock, at least 20 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice
specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distnbution or nght. and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or nght.

W) Reservation of Stock issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at
all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares ef Common Stock,
svicly tor the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such number
of its shares of Common Stock as shall trom tite to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of
all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock: and if at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sutficient to effect the conversion of all then
outst.nding shares of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to
the hoider of such Preterred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the
opinion ef tts counsel. be necessary to increase its authonzed but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including without
imitation, engaging its Ozst efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary
amendnieni to these articles.

5. Vouny Rivhts; Directors.

Except as otherwise expressly provided hercin or by law, the
nolder of cach share of Preferred Stock shall have the right to one vote for each share of
Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock could then be converted, and with respect to
such vote, such holder shall have full voting nights and powers equal to the voting rights and
powers of the holders of Common Stock, and shall be entitled. notwithstanding any provision
hereof. to notice of any shareholders” meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation,
and shall be entitled to vote, together with holders of Common Stock, with respect to any
question upon which holders of Common Stock have the nght to vote. Fractional votes shall not.
how ever. be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after
auverevatiny all shures into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be
converted) shalt be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

0. Protective Provisions.

(3) So long as more thai 1.000.000 shares of Preferred Stock are
vulstariding. the Corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent. as provided by law) of the holders of at least majority of the then outstanding shares of
Preterred Stock, voling as a separate class:

(1) sell, convey. or othenvise dispose of or encumber all or
substantially all of its property or business or merze into or consolidate with any other
corporation. (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation), effect any other transastion or
Series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the
Corporation ts disposed of or effect any other transaction constituting a liquidation dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 2(c), provided that this Section
o(a1) shall not apply to 2 merzer effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile
of the Corporation:

(i) so amend or waive any provision of these Articles of
Incorporation or amend ihe bylaws of the Corporation in a manner adverse to the holders of
Preterred Stock: or

(1) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any, other
equity security, including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity
security having any nyht. preference or privilege over, or being on a parity with, such scrics; or

tiv) aller or change the nyhts, preferences, privileges or
restricuons of the shares of such series so as tu affect adversely the shares of such series; or

(v) increase the total number of authorized shares of such

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event of any shares of Preferred Stock
shali be convered pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and
shall not be issuable by the Corporation. The Anticles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall
be appropriately amended to eff-+! the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authonzed
capital stock.

8. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with repurchases at cost by the
Corporation of its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with employees or former
employees. Section 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law shall not apply in
whole or tn part with respect to such repurchases.

9. Notice. Any notice required by the provisions of this Article III(B) to be
ziven to the holders of shares Preferred Stock shall be deemed given three (3) days after deposit
inthe U.S mail. postage prepaid. or immediately upon transmission of a facsimile (with
confirmation received), in euch cause addressed to euch holder of record at his address or
fesimile number appearing on the books of the Corporation.

(Cy Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of Common Stock
shal! be entitled to receive. when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of
the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time
bs the Board of Directors.

.

2 Liquidation Right. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of
Dyviston (By ofthis Article UT.
3. Redemption. Ihe ( oramwon Stock is not redeemable.

4. Noting Rights. The holder of each share of Commoe Stuck shall have the
right tv ume vote, and shall be entitled to notice of amy sharcholders’ meet -,, in accordance with the
bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner zs
may be provided by the law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) The lability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

(B) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the Califor uiz Corporations Code) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its
shareholders through bylaw provisions or through agreements with the agents, or both, in excess of
the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code,
subject to the limits op such excess indemnification set forth iz Section 204 of the California
Corporations Code.

3. ‘The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
Corporation.
4. The toregoing amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite number of

shares of this Corporation in accurdance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California General
Corperation Law. The total sumbce of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment was 4,000,000 szares of Common Stock, 1,150,000 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock aud 2,781.362 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting
im favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote
required was a majority of the outstanding Common Stock voting as a single class, a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock voting as a single class, 2 majority of the
outstanding shares of Series A-) Preferred Stock voting as a single class, and 2 majority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock
voting tugether as a single class.

The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury uoder the laws of the State of California
thai the matters set forth in this Certificate are (rue and correct of our knowledge.

Executed at Pajo Alto, Califomia, on April 26

PALUALTONS9ON9.5 12
