A0627008
26S 2Y%O

1
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED APR J

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
AVANTIS MEDICAL SYSTEM, INC.

he undersigned, Fred R. Seddiqui and Arman Pahlavan, hereby certify that:

I. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary. respectively. of
Avantis Medical Systems, Inc., a Calitomia corporation.

2. The Articles of this Corporation shall be amended and restated to read as full as

roliows:

ARTICLE |
The name of the corporation is Avantis Medical Systems, Inc. (the “Cerporation”).
ARTICLE Il

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corperation may be organized under the General Corporatior Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incurporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE HI

tA) Classe» ef Stock The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated. respectively. “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is twenty-four million one hundred fifty thousand
(24.150.000) shares. Twenty million (20,000,000) shares shall be designated Common Stuck.
with par value of $0.00] per share, and four million one hundred fifty thousand (4,150,000)
shares shall be designated Preferred Stock, with par value of $0.001 per share.

‘By ~— Rights, Preferences und Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by these Articles of Incorperation may be issued from time to time in onc or more
series. The first series of Preferred Stock shal] be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and
shall consist of une million une hundred fifty thousand (1.150.000) shares. The second series of
Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A-| Preferred Stock” and shali consist of three
million (3.000.006) shares. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granied to and
imposed on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-! Preferred Stock are set forth below in
this Arucle [eB

| Dividend Provisions. The holders cf shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and Series A-} Pro ® red Stock shall be entided to receive cash dividends at the rate of $0.03 per
share and $0.06 per share. respectively. per year (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or
distributions, recupitalizations and similar events} out of any assets legally available therefor.
prio and in preference to ans declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in

9
~

Re

a

“iILreu
sé Office of the Secretary af S,.
of the State of California

moe
Gis
Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to
receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock for the Corporation) on the
Common Stock of the Corporation, at the same rate as any dividend shall be from time to time
declared by the Board of Directors on the outstanding Conimen Stock. The dividends shal! be
payable quarierly, and shail be paid when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Suct:
dividends shall not be cumulative. Subject to the provisions of this Section (1), no dividends
shall be paid or declared on the Common Stock during any fiscal year uniess a similar dividend
is paid or declared on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock.

“4

2 Liquidation.

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Series A-! Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any
distribution of any of the assets of ihe Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of
their ownership thereof, an amoumt equal to $0.50 and $1.00, respectively, for each share of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock ther held by them, plus declared but
unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed
amony the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then
the entire assets and funds cf the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably amcng the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preterred
Stuck in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Asscts. If, upon the occurrence of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, assets or surplus funds remain in the Corporation after the distribution
of amounts specified in Section 2(a). the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1!
Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall be entitied to share th: a!) such rema...
assets and surplus funds in the same manne; as if all shares of Series A Preterred Stack and
Series A-! Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Decmed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2. a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or
to include. |A) the acquisition of the Corporation by another person or entity by means of any
transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization,
merger or consolidation. but exciuding any merger effected exclusively for purposes of changing
the domicile of the Corporation): or (B) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Cerperation, unless in the case of either (A) or (B) the Corporation’s shareholders of record as
const'icted immediately prior to such acquisition or sale will. immediately after such acquisition
or sale (hy virtue of securities issued as considerauon ror the Corporation's acquisition or sale or
otherwise) hold at leas: 50° of the voti..g power of the surviving or acquiring entily in
approximately the sume relative percentages after such acquisition or sale as before such
acquisition or sale.

glo Sipe tue ds

io)
(ii) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
liquidation as described in Section 2(c)(i) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation

is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued
as follows:

(A) — Securities not subject to investment Jetter or other
restrictions on free marketability, including without limitation Rule 145 restrictions:

(1) ‘If traded on a securities exchange or the
NASDAQ Nationa! Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of
the securities on such exchange over the thirtv-day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing;

(2) If actively traded over-the-cznter the value
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is a7 ‘eas! .. over
the thirty-day period ending three (3) days pricr to the closing; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall : 2 the fair market value thereof: as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of vaiuation cf securities subject to
wivestment letter or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an enpropriate
discount from the market value determined as above in Section 2(c){ii)(A) to reflect the
approximate fair market value thereof; as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.
Tne fair market value of any property other than cash or securities shall be the fair market value
determined by the Board of Directors.

The fair market value of any property other than cash or securities shall be the fair market value
determined by the Board of Directors.

(iii) | Notice of Transaction. Tne Corporation shall give each
holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of such impending transaction not later than
twenty (20) days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such transaction, or twenty
(20) days prior to the closing of such transaction, whichev~r is earlier, and shall also notify such
hoiders in writing of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices shall
describe the material terms and conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions of this
Section 2. and the Cerporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material
changes. The transaction shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the
Corporation has piven the first notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the
Corporation has given notice of any material charges provided for herein: provided, however.
that such periods may be shortened upon the writter: consent of the holders of Preferred Stock
that are entided te such notice mghts or similar notice mghts and that represent at least a majority
ofthe voting power of ali then outstanding shares of such Preferred Steck: and provided further
that the Corporation prompuy (but in no event less than two {2) business days prior te the closing
of the transaction) gives written natice to all helders of Preferred Stock that did not consent to
the shortening of such periods.
(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. [In the event the requirements of
ts Secuon 2(c)i) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthv-i.4 either cause the
ciosing of the transaction to be postponed until such requirements have been: complied with, or
eincel such transaction, in which event the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of
Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights, preferences and privileges existing
immediately prior to the date of the first notice referred to in Section 2(c)(iii) hereof.

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1
Preferred Stock shall have conversion nights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”).

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c). each share of Series A
Preterred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stack shall be convertible, at the option of the holder
thereof at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any
transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fuliy paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock as is determined by dividing $0.50 and $1.60, respectively, by the Conversion
Price applicable to such share, determined as hereinafter provided, in effect on the date the
certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial Conversicn Price per share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be $0.50 per share. The initial Conversion Price per share of Series A-1
Preferred Stock shall be $1.00 per snare. Such initial Conversion Prices shall be subject to
adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
and Series A-! Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted inte shares of Common Stock -
their respective Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share immediately upon the earlier
efi) che Corporation's sale of its Common Stock in an underwritien public offering pursuant to
a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933. as amended. at a public offering price
(prior to underwriters” discounts and expenses) with the aggregate gross cash preceeds to the
Corporetion and/or any selling stockholders (after deduction for underwriters’ discoutts and
expenses relating to the issuance. including without limitation fees to the Corporation’s counsei)
which exceed $15.000.000 er (ii) the date specified by written consent of the holders of a
majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series A-1 Preferred Stock voting as a singte class.

ic) Mechanics of Conversion. Before anv holder of Preferred Stoch
shall be entided to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder sha!] surrender
the certificate or certificates therefor. duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any
transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give writter: notice to the Corporation at its
principal corporate office. of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the rame or
names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are 19 be issued. The
Corperasuion shall, as scr. as practicable thereafter. issue and deliver at such office to such

L

noider of Preterred Stock. ar io the nominee or nominees oi such ricider. a certiiicate or
certificates fur shores of Common Steck to be isseed) The Corporation shall. as soon as

orn shoiwbic thereafter. issue and deliver at such office to such hoider of Preferred Stock, er to the
netiltee or numunves of such holder. a certificate or certificates for the number of sheres of
Sammon Stock to waick such holder snail be entiticd as aforesaid. Such conversion snuli be
deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all
purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the
conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of securities registered pursuant ic the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering
Preterred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale
of securities pursuant to such offering. in which event the person(s) entitled to receive Common
Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately proz to the closing of such sale of securities. Upon receipt of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation ef the loss, theft. destruction or mutilation of
a certificate of shares of Preferred Stock and (in case of loss. theft or destruction) upon delivery
of an indemnity agreement (with surety if reasonably required) in an amount reasonably
satisfactory to the Corporation, or (in the case of mutilation) upon surrender and cancellation of
such certificate. the Corporation will issue, in lieu thereof. a new certificate to the holder.

(d)} Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Prices of the Series A Prererred
Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

{i) tA) — Ifthe Corporation shali issue, after the date upon
which any shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock were firsi issued
(tae “Purchase Date’) any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series
A-i Preferred Stock in effect immediately pricr to the issuance of such Additional Stock. the
such Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically ‘except as otherwise provided in this
clause (1}) be reduced, concurrently with such issuc to a price determined by multiplying the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Steck, as applicable.
in effect by a fraction, the numerator of which shal! be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which
the avyregate consideration received by the Company for the total number of Additional Shares
of Common Stock so issued wouid purchase at the Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred
Stock or Series A-} Preferred Stock. as applicable: and the denominator of which shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately pnor to such issue plus the number
of such Additional Stock so issued: provided, however, that for the purposes of Secuon
4(d0i) A). all shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the then
outstanding Preferred Stock or other Convertible Securities (hereinaiter defined) or upon
exercise af the then outstanding Opuons (hereinafter defined) shall be deemed outstanding.

For the purposes of this Section 4(d}(1)(A)}, the
tollowing terms shall have the ‘oliewing meanings:

“Options” shall mean righis, options or warrants 3
subsurite ‘or, purchuse er otherwise acquire either Commun Stock or Convertible Securities.
“Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness. shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(B) No adjustment to the Conversion Price of either the
Series A Preferred Stock or Series A-1 Preferved Stock shall be made in an amount iess than one
one-hundredth of one cent jer share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be
made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account in
any subsequent adjustment made prior to three years irom the date of the event giviag rise to the
adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of the
event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward. Except to the limited extent provided
in Sections 44 2X1} E)(3) and 4(4)(1)(E)(4), no adjustment of such Conversion Price pursuant to
this Section 4(d)(i) shall have tne effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion
Price in effect iminediately pri or to such adjustment.

(C) Inthe case of the issuance of Common Stock for
cash, the considerations shall be deemed to be the amount of cash therefor before deducting any
reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed. paid or incurred by the
Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(Dj) Inthe case of the issuance of the Common Stock for
a consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair masket value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective
of any accounting treatment.

(E} In the case of issuance (whether before, on or after
the applicable Purchase Date) of options te purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stcck,
securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or opiions to
purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, tae followiy
provisions shall apply tor all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i) and Section 4(d)(ii):

1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upcn exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
exercisability, inciuding without I mitation, the passage of tine, but without laking into account
potential antid:ii ion adjustments) of such options to purchase or rights te subscribe for Cominon
Steck shail be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for
3 consideraiion equal to the cons'+.:r.4ion (determined in the manner provided in Se ‘tio.as
4dvinxC) and 4d iD), if any, received by the Corporation upon the issuance of such options
or rights plus miniraum exercise price provided in such optiors or rights (without taking into
account potential antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered thereby.

(2) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Comimen Sivek deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange (assuming the satisfaction of
am conditions to convertibility or exchangeability. including without liraitation, the passage of
time. boi without waking into account potential anudilution adjusuments; for any such convertible
or exeharveable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase rights to subscribe for
sesh avertible or exchanveable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall
he Gectugd to have heen issued ut the ime such securities were issced or such optuens or rights
were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the
Corporation for any such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on
account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if
any. to be received by the Corporation (without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related
options or rights the consideration in each case to be determined in the raannsr provided in
Section 4(diC) end 4(.4Mi)

(3) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
exercise of such options or nghts or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or
exchangeable secunties, including, but not limitec tv, a change resulting from the antidilution
provisions thereof. the Conversion Prices of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1
Preferred Stock. to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, nights or
securities, shall be recurnputed pursuant to Section 4(d}{i)(A) to reflect such change. but no
further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of
such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion or exchange
of such sectrities.

{4) | Upon expiration of any such options or
rights, the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options
or righ‘s related to such convertible or exchangeable securities. the Conversion Prices of the
Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock. to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such options, rights or securities or options or rights related to such securities,
shall be recomputed to retlect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and
convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise
of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise
of the options or rights related to such securities.

(5) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Sections 4(d){i)(E)(1) and
(2) shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect anv change. termination or expiration of the type
described in either Section 4407} E)(3) or (4).

(il) “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common
Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant te Section 4(u)(i)(E)) by the Corporation
afer the Purchase Date other than:

(A) Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to have
been tssued pursuunt to a transaction described in Section 4(d)(iii) hereof,

(B) Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to have
been issued to employees. consultants, directors or vend«rs of the Corporation directly or
pursuant te a stock option plan or restricted stock plan app-oved by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation, ai any Gime when the total number of shares of Common Stock so issuable or issued
sand not repuredased at cost by the Corperation or otherwise ierminated in connection with the
wmmnnation of any such person’s relations with the Company) does not exceed 2,500,000 shares
(or such higher amount approved by the Board of Directors) (adjusted to reflect stock dividends.
stock splits or recapitalization):

{C)} Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to have
been issued to Financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit
ar;anyements, equipment financings or similar transactions approved by the Board of Direciors:
and

(D) Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to have
been issued upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock or Series A-1 Preferred Stock.

(iti) ‘In the event the Corporation should at an; time or from
tine to me after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Siock
entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock
or other securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive direct'y or
indirectly. additional shares of Commun 3tock (hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock
Equivalents”) without paymen: of any consideration by such holder for the additiona! shares uf
Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of
such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no recora date is fixed), the Conversion Prices
of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-i Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased
so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of euch share of Senes A
Preferred Stock and Series A-1! Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such increase
the aggregate of shares of Commor Stock outstanding and those issuable-with respect to such
Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock
Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuance’s in
Section 4d) XE).

(iv) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at
any Ume after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock. then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Prices of
the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased so
that the number of shares of Commen Stock issuabie on conversion of each share of such series
shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

te) Other Distributions. in the evert the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons. evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d\iii). then. in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4{e), the holde:s of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they
were the hoiders of the numiber of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their
shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the
haiders ot Common Stock of the Co: poration entitled to receive such distribution.

tf) ecapituiizations. Hf at any time or from time to time there shal! be
+ recapitalization of the Common Stock other than a subdisision, combination or merger or sale

4

Ol assets transacticns provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Section 2) provisions shal! be
made so that the h.’ . 7s of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of
the Corporation er otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion
would have been entitled on such recapitalizatio:. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall
be made in the appiication of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the
holders of Preferred Stock after the recapitalization io the end that the provisions of this

Section 4 including adjustment of the Conversion Prices then in effect and the number of shares
purchasable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be as
nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation wil! not, by amendment of its
Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid
or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all
the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of al! such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect che Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against
impairment.

(h) No Fractional Share and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock, and the
number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded to the nearest wnole snare
with one half being rounded upward). in lieu of any fractional shares which would otherwise be
:ssurbie. the Corporation shall pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the
fair market value of one share of Common Stock on the date of conversion. as determined in
accordai.ce with Section 2(c}(iil). Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such
conversion shail be determined on the basis of . e total number of shares of Preferred Stock the
holder is at the ume converting into Common © :9ck and the number of shares of Common Siock
issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

din Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
« Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock pursuant tc
this Section 4. the Corporation, at its expense, shail promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof. and prepare and furnish to each bolder of
Series A Preferred Siock and Series A-1] Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such
uditstment or readjustment and showing in detail the fa-ts upon which such adjustment or
ceudjustment ts based. The Corporation shall. upon the written request at any time of any holder
of Series A Preferred Stock or Series A-1 Preferred Stock. furnish or cause to be furnished to
such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment und readiustment. (B) the
Conversion Prices of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock at the time in
wtect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property
whieh atthe ume would be received upon the conversion of a share of the Sesies A Preferred
Stock and Senes A-1 Preferred Stock.
i) Notices of Record Date, In the event of any taking by the
Cerporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acavire any shares of stock of any
ciass Or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation -hall mail
to each holder of Preferred Siock, at least 20 days prior to the date specified therein. a notice
specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such di idend,
distributisn or nght, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

(j) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation stall at
all umes reserve and keep available out cf its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,

solely tor the purpose of effecting the coriversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such number
of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of
all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at anv time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shali not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, ir: addition to such other remedies as shall be availabie to
the holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corperation will take such corporate action as may, in the
opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shali be sufficient for such purposes, including without
l:mitation, engaging its best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary
amendment to these articles.

S. Voung Rights; Directors.

Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or by law, the
holder of each share of Preferred Stock shal! have the right to one vote for each share of
Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock could then be converted, and with respect to
such vote. such holder shal! have full voting rights and powers equal to the voiing rights and
powers of the holders of Common Stock, and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision
hereot. to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporatiun.
and shall be entitled to vote, together with holders of Common Stock, with respect to any
question upon which holders of Common Stock have the right to vote. Fractional! votes shall not,
however. be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after
agereygating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each ~-Ider could be
converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded unward).

6. Protective Provisions.

{a) So long as more than 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock are
vutstanding, the Corporation shall rot without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
Sunsent. as provided by laws of the holders of at least majority of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class:

i) sell. convey. or otherwise dispose of ar encumber ali or
sunstantialls all of its property or business o: merge into er consolidate with any other
corporation (einer than a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation). effect any other transaction or
serles ol related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the vating power of the
Corporation is disposed of or effect any other transaction constituting a liquidation dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 2(c), provided that this Section
6(a)(1) shall not apply to a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile
of the Corporation;

(ii) amend or waive any provision of these Articles of
Incorporation or amend the bylaws of the Corporation in a manner adverse to the holders of
Preterred Stock; or

(iii) | authorize or issue, or obligate its if to issue, anv, other
equity security, including any other security convertible into or exer” able for any equity
secunty having any righi. preference or privilege over, or being on a p Wity with, such senes; or

(1v) alter or change tle rights. preferences, pnvileges or
restrictions of the shares of such series so as to affect adversely the shares of such series: or

(v) increase the total number of authorized shares of such
series.

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event of any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shal! be canceled and
hall noi be issuable by the Corporation. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation shall
be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation's authorized
capital stock.

3. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with repurchases at cost by the
Corporation of its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with employees or former
employees, Section 502 and 503 of the California Genera! Corporation Law snall not apply in
whole or in part with respect to such repurchases.

9. Notice. Any notice required by the provisions of this Article :11(B) to be
given to the holders of shares Preferred Stock shall be deemed given three (3) days after deposit
in the U.S. mail. postage prepaid. or immediately upon transmission of a facsimi.e (with
confirmation received). in each case addressed tu each holder of record at his address or
facsimile number appearing on the books of the Corporation.

tC) Common Stock.

I, Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rigiits of holders of al! classes of
Steck at the ume outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of Common Stock
snall be entitied to receive. when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of
the Corporation legally available therefor. such dividends as may be declared from time to time
by tne Beard of Directars

- Ligundaiion Righ:. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporauon. the assets of the Corporation shai! be distributed as provided in Section 2 of
Distsion (Byerifts Artucie HH.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Richts. The holder of each share of Common Stock shal] have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with
the ovlaws o7 the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such
manner as may be provided by the law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shal! be
elirainated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

(B) The Corsoration ts authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Curporations Code) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its
sharehoiders through bylaw provisions or through agreements with the agents, or both, in excess
of the indenui:fication otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code,
sudject to the limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the California
Corporations Code.

3 The foregoing amenumient >4s been appr -ved by the Board of Directors ef this
Corperation.
4 The foregoing am=2:.3pent was approved by the holders of t»e requisite number of

shares of this Corporation in accuruance with Sections 902 ard 903 of die Califormia General
Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to «ute with respect to th:
foregoing amendment was 4,500,000 shares of Common Sick anu !,150,009 shares of Series 4
Preferred Stock. The r-umber of shares voting in favor of the Toregoing amendment equaled or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage votz required «as a majori:y «2 the Common Stock
voting as a single class. 2 majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Pr:ferred Stock voting
as a single class and the majority of the outstanding shares at Common Stock and Series A
Preferred Stock voting together as a single class.

The undersigned certify unde: penalty of perjury under the iaws o1 the State of Califomis
that Uhe matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correet ¢f our knowledge.

Executed at Palo Alto. Califomia,on Apri] 12 ,20U5. }

Arman Pahiavan, Secretary
