AOT61 164:

Sacretary of S
a SAY YO \ec. State of Calfornia 4A
CERTINICATE OF AMENDMENT SEP 2 $- 2014

OF EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES
OF INCORPORATION OF AVANTIS MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC.
The undersigned, Anthony DiTonno and Michael J. O'Donnell, hereby certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Avantis Medical Systems, Inc., a California corporation.

2. Section 4(m) of Article IH(B) of the Articles of Incorporation of said corporation
is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

“(m) Special Mandatory Conversion. In connection with the extension of the
convertible promissory note financing by the Corporation following April 17, 2014 in which the

Corporation's Board of Directors allocates all or a portion of the notes to be purchased in such
financing to the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Preferred Stock (the
“Series D Holders”, and such financing, the “Extension Note Financing”) and one or more Series
D Holders (each a “Series D Defaulting Investor”), fails to purchase its entire pro rata share
(based upon the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock and Series D-I Preferred Stock
held by such Sories D Holder relative to the total number of shares outstanding of Series D
Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Preferred Stock held by all Series D Holders) in casi on or
before October 15, 2014 of the amount of the Extension Note Financing allocated to the Series D
holders by the Board (“Series D Pro Rata Share”), then, such Series D Defaulting Investors’
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock and Serles D-{ Preferred Stock shall
automatically and without further action, whether or not certificates evidencing such shares of
Preferred Stock are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent at the time of such
conversion, be converted into shares of Junior Preferred Stock at the Conversion Price applicable
to such shares of Sertes D and/or Series D-1 Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4 and all of
such Series D Defaulting Investors’ warrants exercisable for Series D Preferred Stock shail
automatically and without further action become exercisable for shares of Common Stock on
October 1, 2014 (the “2014 Special Mandatory Conversion Date"). For purposes of determining
whether or not a Series D Holder has purchased its entire Series D Pra Rata Share, any Series D
Holder may, by written notice to the Corporation, aggregate all securities purchased by it and
any affiliate of such Series D Holder in the Extension Note Financing and attribute such
aggregated securities so purchased to itself, without duplication, for purposes of this Section
4(m). For purposes of clarity, this Section 4() shall apply only to the first Extension Note
Financing following April 17,2014. :

The holder of any shares of Preferred Stock, or of securities exercisable for shares of
Preferred Stock, converted pursuant to this Section 4(m) shall either (A) deliver to the
Corporation during regular business hours, at the office of any transfer agent of the Corporation
for such Preferred Stock, or at such other place as may be designated by the Corporation, the
certificate or certificates representing the shares or securities so converted, duly endorsed or
assigned in blank or to the Corporation or (B) notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that

pa- 1663152

AQT61161

such certificates and, if applicable, securities have been lost, stolen or destroyed and execute an
agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any joss incurred
by it in connection with such certificates and scourities. As promptly thereafter as is practicable,
the Corporation shall issue and deliver to such holder, at the place designated by such holder, a
certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Junior Preferred Stock ar securities
exercisable for shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled. The person in whose
name the certificate for such shares of Junior Preferred Stock or securities exercisable for shares
of Common Stock is to be issued pursuant to this Section 4(m) shall be deemed to have become a
holder of such Junior Preferred Stock or securities oxe roisable for Common Stock, as the case
may be, upon the 2014 Special Mandatory Conversion Date, and the shares of Preferred Stock to
be converted pursuant to this Section 4(m) shalt be deemed to have been cancelled and converted
at such time without any requirement of further action on the part of the shareholder whose
shares aré so converted.”

3. The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by
the Board of Directors of said corporation.

4, The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by
the required vote of shareholders of said corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of
the California Corporations Code. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with
respect to the foregoing amendment was 33,609,555 shares of Common Stock, no shares of
Junior Preferred Stock, 991,085 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 1,946,597 shares of Series
A-l Preferred Stock, 1,103,022 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 497,254 shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, 54,750,595 shares of Series D Preferred Stack and 76,087,737 shares of Series
D-1 Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor af the foregoing amendment equaled
or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was a majority of the outstanding
Preferred Stock voting as a single class, a majority of the outstanding shares of Series D
Preferred Stock voting as a single series, a majority of the outstanding shares of Series D-i
Preferred Stock voting as a single series, and a majority of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-i Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series D-1 Preferred Stock and Junior Preferred Stock
voting together as a combined class.

par 1663452

A076116)

We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that
the matters set farth in the foregoing Certificate are true and corcest 10 our own knowledge.

Date: 4129 , 2014 CB Coit Linu,

Anthony DiTonne

President.
Mibed 0

Michael J. O* Donnell
Seerelary

na- 1663152
