Bes: Cup, .wailable A065 1326 xX ae

FILED

a eS 2H GO 'n the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of California
FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED OCT ] 2 2006

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
AVANTIS MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC

__ The undersigned, Fred R. Seddiqui and Arman Pahlavan, hereby certify that:

l. They are the duly elected and acting President. and Secretary, respectively, of
Avantis Medical Systems, Inc., a California corporation.

woth 2 . . The,Articles of this.Corporation shall be amended and restated:to read as full.as: .....

ARTICLE I
__. The name of the corporation is Avantis Medical Systems, Inc, (the“Corpo yration’’). ~
ARTICLE II

The purpo:: of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a foe
_ corporation may be organized under the General Corporation. Law of California:other than:the- |... -
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code. Tos

ARTICLE Il

(A) Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of siuck to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is forty million (40,000,0U0; shares. Twenty six
million five hundred forty thousand six hundred ten (26,540,610) shares shall be designated
Common Stock, with par value ot $0.001 per share, and thirteen million four hundred fifty nine
thousand threc hundred nincty (13,459,390) shares shall be designated Preferred Stock, with par
value of $0.001 per share.

(B) Fights, Preferences and Restrictions of Prefered Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by these Articles of Incorporation may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. The first series:of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and
shall consist of one million one hundred thousand (1,100,000) shares. The sccofid series of
Preferred Stock shall be designated ‘Series A-] Preferred Stock” and shall consist of four million
three hundred fifty nine thousand three hundred ninety (4,359,390) shares. The third series of
Preferred Stock shali be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist of eight million
(8,000,000) shares. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to. and imposed
on the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series A-1 Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock
are set forth below in this Article I1I(B).

PALOALTO/100132 +
1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Scries B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive cash
dividends out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration
or payment of any dividend ‘payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights
corvertible into or entitling tue holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares -

of-Common Stock for the Corporation) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at a rate of (a)

$0.03 per share, per year on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, as adjusted for

‘Stock splits, stock dividends or distributions, recapitalizations and similar events, and-(b) $0.06

per share, per year on each outstanding share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, as adjusted for stock”
splits, stoch dividends or distributions, recapitalizations ‘and similar events; and (c) $0:12' per

‘share; pef year on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock, as adjusted for stock splits, °
stock dividends or distributions, recapitalizations and similar. ¢vents: ' The ‘dividends. shall be!"

payable quarterly, and shall be paid when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such
dividends shall not be cumulative. Subject to the provisions of this Section (1), no dividends
shall be paid or declared on the Common Stock during any fiscal year unless a similar dividend: -
is paid or deciared on the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-i- Preterred Stock and Series B

- -Preferred Stock. a yes lr

2.” Liquidation.

(a) ~ Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution oF winding

"up of the’ ‘Corporation, ‘either voluntary or involuntary, the holders“of: the Series A Preferred

Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entided to receive, priot
and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of
Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount equal‘to: $0.50 for cach share of
Serics A Preferred Stock then held by them, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or
distributions, recapitalizations and similar events, $1.00 for each share of Series A-1 Preferred
Stock then held by them, as adjusted for stock splits, stock: dividends or distributions,
recapitalizations and similar events, and $1.50 for each share of Series B Preferred Stock then
held by them, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or distribut‘ons, recapitalizations and
similar events, plus declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the
assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1
Preferred Stock aud Series B Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such
holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders o!
the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-] Vreferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock in
proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Assets. If. upon the occurrence of a liquidation,

- dissolution or winding up, assets or surplus funds remain in the Corporation after the distribution

of amounts specified in Section 2(a), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. Series A-!
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to
share in all such remaining assets and surplus funds ratably as if all shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock had been converted into
Common Stock in accordance with Article III (B)4.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

PALOAI.TO/100132.4 2
(i) Deemed Liguidation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
iiquidation, dissoluticn or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or
to include, (A) the acquisition of the Corporation by anocher person or entity by means of any
transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization,
merper or consolidation, but excluding any merger effected exclusively for purposes of changing
the domicile of the Corporation); or (B) a sale. conveyance or other disposition of ali or
substantially all of the assets or business of the Corporation, unless in the case, of either (A) or

(B) the Corporation’ s shareholders of record as constituted immediately prior to such-acquisition, -
merger, consolidation; sale, conveyance or other disposition will,..immediately after. such.
acquisition, merger, consolidation, conveyance, sale or other disposition (by, Virtue of securities:
- issued as :consideration for the Corporation’s acquisition or.sale. or otherwise). hold at least:50% ... .
of the voting. .power:of the surviving or: acquiring entity .in- approximately .the same. relative...
percentages after such acquisition, merger, consolidation, sale.or-other disposition as before such .

acquisition, merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition; or (C) the effectuatica by the
Corporation of a transaction or series of related transactions in which the Corporation's

shareholders immediately prior to such transaction hold less.than. 50% of the voting power of the 3.

surviving. or acquiring entity; or (D) a. grant of an ecaclusive, .itrcvocabic license of the . ...
Compuany’s intellectual. pruperty to 4 third party; or (E) any: liquidation, dissolution or winding.

up of the Company (collectively, a “Liquidation Event"), provided, -however, that .(i) a

consolidation with a wholly-owned subsidiary, (ji) a merger-effected exclusively to change the -
domicile of the Company, or (iii) an equity financing in which the Company. is the surviving :

corporation, shall 1 not be considered a Liquidation Event. Cuda Hgts

(ii) Valuation of Consideration, In the event of a deemcd —
liquidation as described in Section 2(c)(i) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation -

is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued
as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other
restrictions on free marketability, including without limitation Rule 145 restrictions:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or the
NASDAQ National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of
the securities on such exchang.: over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing:

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over
the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof; as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors,

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate
discount from the market value determined as above in Section 2(c)(ii)(A) to reflect the
approximate fair market value thereof; as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

PALOALT0/100132.4 3
The fair market value of any property other than cash or securities shall be the fair market value
determined by the Board of Directors.

The fair market value of any property other than cash or securities shal, be the fair market value
determined by the Board of Directors.

(iii) Notice of Transaction. The Corporation shall give each
holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of such impending. transaction not later than
_lwenty (20) days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve: such transaction, or twenty

__..(20) days prior to the closing of such transaction, whichever is-carlier, and shall also notify such

holders in writing of the final approval of such transaction.: -The- first: of. such notices shall.
describe ..e material terms and conditions of the impending transaction:and the provisions of this .
Sectio:, 2, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt-notic> of any ‘material...

changes, The transaction shali,in no event take place sooner: than twenty. (20).days after the - -.

Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the
Corporation has given notice of any matcrial changes provided for nerein; provided, however,
that such periods may be shortened upon the written consent-of the holders of each ‘series of -
Preferzed Stock that are entitled to such notice righis or similar notice rights and that represent at
least. a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding ‘shares- of each such..series of
Preferred Stock, with each series of Preferred Stock voting asa -separate class; and. provided
further that the Corporation promptly (but in no event less than two (2) business days prior to the
closing of the transaction) gives written notice to all holders of Preferred Stock that. did not
consent to the shortening of such Periods. os :

(iv) | Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requireincnts of.

this Section 2(c)(iii) are not complied. with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause :the .--

closing of the transaction to be postponed until such requirements have been complied with; or.
cancel such transaction, in which event the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of :
Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights, preferences and privileges existing
immediately prior to the date of the first notice referred to in Section 2(c)(iii) hereof.

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-:
Preterred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the

oe

Conversion Rights”).

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office
of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined (i) by dividing $0.50 by the Series A
Conversion Price in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion for each share
of Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) by dividing $1.00 by the Series A-1 Conversion Price in effect
on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion for each share of Series A-1 Preferred
Stock, and (iii) by dividing $1.50 by the Series B Conversion Price i: effect on the date the
certificate is surrendered for conversion for each share of Series B Preferred Stock. The initial

PAL.OALTO!100132.4 4
Series A Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be $0.50 per share. The
uutial Series A-1 (Conversion Price per share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be $1.00 per
share. The initial Series B Conversion Price per share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be $1.50
per share. Such initial Conversion Prices shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section
4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Serics A Preferred Stock,

Series ‘A-| Preferred Stock, and Series B, Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into

- shares of Common Stock at their respective Conversion Price at the time in‘effect for such. share:

__ immediately, upon the earlier of (i) the Corporation's sale of its Common Stock. in. an ~
underwritten public. offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Sccuritics. Act. ‘of :

~ 1933, as, amended, at-a public offering: price of not less than .$4.50 per share (as adjusted for...

stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications and the like) with aggregate gross-cash proceeds to wo

the Corporation and/or any selling stockholders (after deduction for. underwriters’ coimmissions ™
and expenses relating to the issuance, including without limitation fees to the Corporation's
counsel) which exceed $25,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO"); (ii) with respect.to the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series A-l Preferred Stock, the date specified by written consent of the
-holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred ..

Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, or (iii) ‘with respect-to the Series B:.. ..
; Preferred Stock, the date specified by written consent of the holders of a majority of the voting...

power of all then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred. Stock, ‘voting as a separate class.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender
the certificate. or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of ar;
transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation ai its
principal corporate office, of tae election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or
names in. which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such
holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or
certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as
practicable thereafter. issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the
nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be
deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all
purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the
conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of securities registered pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering
Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon U1: closing with the underwriters of the sale
of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to -. ceive Common
Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities. Upon receipt of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
a certificate of shares of Preferred Stock and (in case of loss, theft or destruction) upon delivery
of an indemnity agreement (with surety if reasonabiy required) in an amount reasonably

PALOALTOV100132.4 5
satisfactory to the Corporation, or (in the case of mutilation) upon surrender and cancellation of
such certificate, the Corporation will issue, in lieu thereof, a new certificate to the helder.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Series A Conversion Price, Series A-1

Conversion Price and Series B Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
as follows: . ’ os

ot , . (i) . (A) If the Corporation shall issue, after the date upon
which any shares of Series B Preferred Stock were first issued -(the ‘Purchase: Date”) any
Additional Stock.(as defined below) without consideration or-for a, consideration per share less”

than the Series. A Conversion Price, Series A-1. Conversion Pricc, or, Serits B Conversion Prices °°!

in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Conversior: Price of the
Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock in effect
_immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically (cxcept as otherwise provided in this
clause (i)) be reduced, concurrently with such issuc, to.'a price determined by multiplying the:
. Series A Conversion Price, Series A-i Conversion Price or. Series: B Conversion Price, as.
+ applicable,in effect by a fraction, the numerator of which. shall be‘the number’ of shares of
, Common Stock wutstanding immediately prior to such: issue. plus-the number of shares of:
~ _ Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received: bythe Company ‘for the total number
of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at the Series A. Conversion
- Price, Series -A-1: Conversion Price, or Series B Conversion. :Price; as applicable; and the-
denominator of which shall be the m mber of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
‘prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Stock so issucd: provided, however, that.
for the purposes of Section 4(d}(i)(A), all shares. of Common Stock. issued or issuable upon.
"conversion of the then outstanding Preferred Stock or other Convertible Securities (hereinafter
-. defined) or upon exercise of the then ottstanding Options:(hereinafter defined) shall be deemed
outstanding.

For the purposes of this Section 4(d){i)(A), the
following terms shall have the following meanings:

“Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire cither Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

“Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness, shares or other securities convertibie into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(B) No adjustment to the applicable Conversion Price of
th: Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Steck or Series B Preferred Stock shall be
made in an amount less than one one-hundredth of one cent per share, provided that any
adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried
forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to three
years from the date of the eveni giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be
made at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being
carricd forward. Except to the limited extent provided in Sections 4(d)(i(E)(3) and
4(d)(i)(E)(4), no adjustment of such Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4(d)(i) shall have

PAL OALTOIINO132.4 6
oot

the effect of iucreasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustinent.

(C) In the case of the issiance of Common Stock for
cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting
any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the
Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connectiun with the issuance and sale thereof.

(D) In the case of the i issuance of the Common Stock for
a consideration in. 1 whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be.

. deemed to be the fair, market value thereof as determined by the- Board. of Directors: s irrespective :

ot any accounting treatment.
ne (E)°” In the case of issuance (whether before, on or after
the applicable Purchase Date) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock,
securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to-:
purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, | the following

- provisions shall apply for all purposes of this Section 4(4)(i) arid Section 4(d)(ii):

ot . (1) ” * The aggregate maximum number of shares.

‘of Common Stock’ deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction. of any conditions to:*: ©.

exercisability, including without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account

> potential antidilution adjustments) of such options to purchuse or rights to subscribe for Common

Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the lime such options or rights were issued and for

". a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in Sections.

4(d)(i)(C) and 4(d)(i)(D)), if any, received by thc Corporation upon the issuance of such options”
or rights plus the minimum exercise price provided in such options or rights (without- taking into
account potential antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered thereby. a

(2) The aggregate maximum number cf shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange (assuming the satisfaction of
any conditions to convertibility or exchangeability, including without limitation, the passage of
lume, but without taking into account poiential antidilution adjustments) for any such convertible
or exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase rights to subscribe for
such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall
be decmed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights
were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the
Corporation for any such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on
account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if
any, to be received by the Corporation (without taking into account potential antidilution
adjustments) upon the conversion or exchange uf such securities or the exercise of any reluted
options or rights the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in
Section 4(d)(i)(C) and 4(d)(i)(D).

(3) In the event of any change in the number of

shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or

PALOALTOIN00I32.4 7
exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulling from: the antidilution
provisions thercof, the Series A Conversion Price, Series A-] Conversion Price and Series B
Conversion Price, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or
securities, shall be recomputed pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(A) to reflect such change, but no
further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of
such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion or exchange
of such securities.

(4) Upon expiration of any such options or
rights, the termination of any such rights to ‘convert or exchange or the expiration of any options
: or righis related to such convertib!< or exchangeable securities, the. Series A Conversion Price; '
“Series A-1 Conversion Price and:Series'‘B Conversion Price, to the extent in.any way affected by.
or computed usiag such options, rights or securities or options or righis related. to such securities,

shaii be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and .
convertible or exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise
of such option s or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise
of the options or rights related to such securities. ae

(5) - The number of shares of Commor Stock.
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Sections 4(d)(i)(E)() and .
. (2) shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination. or expiration of the type~
, described i in either Section 4(d)(i)(E}(3) or (4). 3 . :

Gi) “ Additional Stock" shall mean any shares of: Common
Stock issued (ar deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d XE) by. the Corporation
after th: Purchase Date other than:
(A) — Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed *9 have
been issued pursuant to a transaction described in Section 4(d){iii} hereof; .

(B) Up to 3,500,000 shares of Common Stock issued or
deemed to have been issued to employees, consultants, officers or directors of the Corporation
pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation (adjusted to reflect stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalization);

(C) Shares of Common Stock issucd or deemed to have
been issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit
arrangements, equipment financings, commercial proverty lease transactions or similar
transactions approved by the Board of Directors, at any ume when the total number of shares of
Common Stock so issuable or issued does not exceed 200,000 shares or such higher aumber
approved by the Board of Directors (adjusted to reflect stock dividends, stock splits or
recapitalization);

(D) Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to have

been issued upon conversion of Scries A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock or Series 8
Preferred Stock;

PALOAI.TO/100132.4 PS
(E) Shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise
or conversion of warrants, notes or other rights to acqu:re Common Stock outstanding as of the
date of the filing of this Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation;

(F) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
pursuant to the bona fide acquisition of another corporation by the Corporation by merger,
purchase of substantially all of the assets or other reorganization or pursuant to a joint venture
agreeinent, in each case, approved by the Board of Directors;

(G) Shares of Common Snuock -issued ia a registered
public offering unaer. r the Securities Act pursuant to which all outstanding ‘shares: of. Preferred
Stock are automatically converted into C ommon Stock as described ‘in. Section 4(b)() above; and

~ sa Be (Hy) Shares of Common Stock issued in strategic.
partnership, transacticns entered into for primarily non- equity financing. (purposes approved ‘by
"the “Board of Directors, at any time when the total number of shares of Common Stock so

issuable or issued does not exceed 200,00C shares or such highcr number approved by the Board
of D Directors (adjusted to reflect stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalization). Z

(iii) In the event the Corporation should at any time or from.

_ time to time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the’ effectuation ofa ‘split or. subdivisicn
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock’ or the determination of holders ‘of Common Stock

* entitled 10 recéive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock
or other securities or rights convertible into, or entitling-the holder thereof to receive directly-or
»_ indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock (hereinafter referred: to. as“ ‘*Common_ Stock
- Equivalents’ ‘) without payment of any consideration by such holder. for the additional shares of
Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the: additional shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), ther, as of such record date (or the date of
such dividend distribution, split or subdivision-if no‘record date is fixed), the applicable
Conversion Prices of the Serics A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and
Serics B Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate of
shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common Stock
Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock Equivalents

determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuance’s in Section
4(d)(i)(E).

(iv) [f the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at
any time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the applicable Series A
Conversion Price, Series A-1 Conversion Price, and Series B Conversion Price shall be
appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of
each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the

PALOALTO/100132 4 , 9
Corporation cr other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Sectien 4(d)(iii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the holders of
Preferred Stuck shall be entitled to a proportionate sare of any such distribution as though they ©
were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their
shares of Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the
holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If 2t any time or from time to time there shall be’
a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale’

__” Of assets wansactions provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Secticn 2) provisions shal] be. Bee
.. Made so that the holders of the Preferred: Stock shali ‘thereafter be entitled to receive upon * ~
conversion of the Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property ‘of

_ the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon convzrsion
_.would haye been entitled on such recapitalization. In-any'such case, “appropriate adjustment sal’:

. _be made in the application of the- provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the ‘rights of the

‘holders of Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this
Section 4 including adjustment of the Conversion Prices then in effect and the number of shares

purchasable upon conversion. of the Preferred Stock): shall ‘be applicable after that event and be as 7

nearly equivalent as practicable.

<7

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation wiil not, by ainendment. of sits)" °

Articles, of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets;
consolidation, merger dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid

-or.seck to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms’to'be observed or performi:d- —

_ hereunder by the Corporation, but. will at ail times in good faith assist'in the ‘carryirig ‘out of all
the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order.to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred ‘Stock against
impairment.

(h) No Fractional Share and Certificate as to Adjustments

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-i Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded to me
nearest whole share (with one half being rounded upward). In lieu of any fractional shares which
would otherwise be issuable, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to the product of :ich fraction
multiplied by the fair market value of one share of Cominon Stock on the date of con ‘ersiun, as
determined in accordance with Section 2(c)(ii). Whether or not fractional shares are. issuable
upon such conversion shall be detesmined on the basis of the total number of share. of Preferred
Stock the holder is at the time converiing into Common Stock and the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such aggre gate conversion.

(iz? Teadjusiment of a Cecnversion Price of the Series 4
Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Sinck or Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section
4, the Corporation, at its expense, shai) promptly compute such adjustment or readjustmesit i.
uccordance with the terms hereof, and prepare anc! furnsh to each holder of Series A Preferie.!
Steck, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Sezics B Preverred Stock a certificate setting forth such

PALOALTOVNI00132 4 1)
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder
of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, or Series Is Preferred Stock, furnish or
cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and
readjustment, (B) the Conversion Prices of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-! Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Cominon
Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of a share or the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock or Scrics B
Preterred Stock.

. on Notices of Record Date, In the. event. of any taking. by. the
, Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
. the holders. therco:. who are entitled to receive. any dividend (other than acash dividend) or other

-, distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares‘of. stock of any:
class o1 2 any other securitics or property, or to reccive any other right, the Corporation shall mail’

to each holder of Preferred Stock, at least 20 days prior to the date specified therein, a noticc
specifying the date on which any such-record is to be taken for the purpose of suchidividend,
distribution or sight, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or righi.

~ G) Reservation of Stock ':-. aable Upon Conversion.’ ‘The Corporation

shall at all. times. reserve and keep available out of it. authorized: but.unissued shares of Common:
_ Stock. solely for the purpose of.effecting the coniversion‘of*the: sharés of Preferred Stock, such.
-.. number of its shares of Common Stock-as shall from. tirae-to time be ‘sufficient to effect the:

_ conversion ofall outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and:if at any time the number of
. authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
: of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, in addition ‘to ‘such’ other remedics as shall be
available to the holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such c< ‘porate action as
may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to incréase its authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including
without limitation, engaging its best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval of any
necessary amendment to this Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.

5. Voting Rights: Directors.

(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or by law, the
holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall have the right to one vote for each share of
Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock could then be converted, and with respect to
such vote, such holder shall have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and
powers of the holders of Common Stock, and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision
hercof, to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation,
and shall be entitled to vote, together with holders of Common Stock, with respect to any
question upon which holders of Common Stock have the right to vote. Fractional votes shall not,
however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis (after
aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be

~onverteu) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

PALOAL TOIDOL ID 4 11
(b) The Board of Directors shall consist of five (5) members. The
holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1)
member of tie Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of
the Corporation's shareholders for the election of directors. The holders of Series A Preferred
Stock and the holders of Series A-I Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be
entitled to clect onc (1) member of the Corporation's Board of Directors at cach meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Corporation's shareholders for the election of directors. The
holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members
of the Corporation's Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Corporation's stockholders for the election of directors. .The holders of’Common Stock and

Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted -basis,. shall be. entitled ta. ~
, elect one;(1):member,of.the Corporation's Board of Directors:at each meeting. or. pursuant to each, rey

. conseat of the. Corporation! s shareholders for the election: of directors:
6. ‘Protective Provisions.

a (a) So long as more than 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, reclassification, consolidation or
otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by Jaw)
of the holders of. at, least majority of the then outstanding ‘shares of Preferred Stock, voting as.a -.
_ Separate, class: op. , oe ee en -
“ (i) “enter into a detinitive agreement t toz an event constituting, < or.

otherwise constitute, a Liquidation Event: re oy .

(ii) amend or waive any provision of these Fourth. Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation or amend the bylaws of the Corporation. in a. manner:
adverse to the holders of Preferred Stock; or

(iii) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any, other
equity security, including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity
security having any right, preference or privilege over, or being on a parity with, such Preferred
Stock; or

(iv) alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or
restrictions of the shares of such series so as to affect adversely the shares of such Preferred
Stock; or

(v) increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares
of such Preferred Stock; or

(vi, take any action that results in the redemption, repurchase,
payment of dividends or other distribution with respect to any shares of Common Stock
(excluding shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company pursuant to agreements which
permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost upon termination of services to the
Company or in exercise of the Company's right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer); or

PALOALDO;is0132 4 }2
(vii) take any action that results in the taxation of holders of
Preterred Stock under Section 305 of the Internal Revenue Code.

(b) So long as more than 1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
arc outstanding, the Corporation shal] not (by amendment, merger, reclassification, consolidation
or otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by
law) of the holders of at least majority of the then outstanding shares of Serics B Preferred Stock,
voting as a sepurate class:

: (i) amend or waive any provision of these Fourth . Amended”
and Restated Articles of Incorporation or the bylaws « of the © Corporation: or as '

(ii) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any, other":
, equity “security, including any ‘other Security convertible into or exercisable for’ any equity’: ”: -

"security having any right, preference or privilege over, or being on a‘parity with, such-series;-or.

(iii) alter or change the rights, preferences. privileges or
restrictions of the shares of such series, or otherwise; or

- (iv) enter into a definitive agrecment to an event constituting, or :
otherwise constitute, a Liquidation Event; or. “ oo Sens ot

(v) take any action that results in the redemption, ‘repurchase,
payment of dividends or other distribution with respect to any shares ‘of Common - Stock -
(excluding shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company pursuant to agreements which
permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost upon termination of servicés to the
Company or in exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal-upon a'proposed transfer);-or

(vi) increase or decrease the number of members of the Board
of Directors: or ,

(vii) take any action that results in the taxation of holders of
Preferred Stuck under Section 305 of the Internal Revenue Code.

(viii) Take any action that results in the pledge or encumbrance
of any of the asscts of the Company or in the making of any guarantees other than in the ordinary
course of business as approved by the Board of Directors: or

(ix) increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares
of any series of Preferred Stock or Conimon Stock;

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and
shall not be issuable by the Corporation. This Fourth and Amended Restated Articles of
Incorporation of the Corporation shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding
reduction in the Corporation's authorized capital stock.

PALOALTO/100132.4 13
8. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with repurchases at cost by the
Corporation of its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with employees or formcr
employees, Section 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law shall not apply in
whole or in part with respect to such repurchases.

9, Notice. Any notice required by the provisions of this Article II(B) to be
given to the holders of shares Preferred Stock shall be deemed given three (3) days after deposit
in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or immediately upon transmission of.a facsimile (with
confirmation received), in each case addressed to each holder of record at .his address or
facsimile number appearing on the books of the Corporation. Pee

- + (CE) > Conimon Stock.

in rane "Divi dend Rights. "Subject to the prior rights of. holders of:all, classes.of" , 2. - |

stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends,.the holders of Common Stock.
shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of
the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time
by the Boar rd of Digectors. .-
2. Liquidation Right. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the -
Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the assets. of the Corporation st shall be
distributed as is provided i in Section 2 of Division (B) of this Article III. coy

vo 3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

, 4. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the -

right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ mecting in accordance with
~ the bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled ‘to vote upon such matters and in such
manner as may be provided by the law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be
vliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law, as the same exists or may
hereafter be amended.

(B) The Corporation is authurized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its
shareholders through by!aw provisions or through agreements with the agents, or both, in excess
of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code,
subject to the limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the California
Corporations Code.

(C) Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article
IV by the shareholders of the Corporation shal] not adversely affect any right or protection of a
director or agent of the Corporation existing at that time of such amendment, repeal or
modification.

PALOALTO/100132.4 14
3, The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of this
Corporation.

4, The forcgoing amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite number of
shares of this Corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California General
Corpuration Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment was 5,026,666 shares of Common Stock, 1,106,000 shares of Series A
Preferred. Stock. and 4,259,390: shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, The number ‘of shares
voting in favor of the foregoing amendment cqualed or: exceeded the vote requircd. The
percentage vote required was a majority of the outstanding Common Stock voting as a single
class,.a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock voting as a single class, a .
majority of the outstanding shares of Series A-1 Preferred: Stock: voting as a single ‘class, and.a-:

. -majority-of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, Serits A Preferred: Stock and Series A+1
Preferred Stcck:voting together as a single class. ek AL Pate dak 8 toe

[remainder of page intentionally left blanc)

PALOALTO/100132.4 15
The undersigied cerlify under penalty of perjury under the laws of the
that the matters set forth ip ¢ ie Certificate arc true and correct

Executed at Palo Alto, California, on

State of California
of our knowledge.

PALOALTOr100132 4 16

