FU680888 FILED ™
in the office of the Secretary of Sizte
of the State of Califomia

21962490 AUG 1 3 2008

SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
AVANTIS MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC.

The undersigned, Scott Dodson and J. Casey McGlynn, hereby certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of Avantis
Medical Systems, Inc., a California corporation.

2, The Articles of this Corporation shall be amended and restated to read as full as
foilows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the corporation is Avantis Medical Systems, Inc. (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE H

The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Genera! Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust Company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE Hi

(A) asses of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respecti-ely, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” Tie tote! number of shares which
the Corporation is authorized to issue is sixty-three million four hund+ed fifty-nine thousand three
hundred ninety (63,459,290) shares. Forvy million (40,000,000) shares shall be designated Comraon
Stock, with par value of $0.001 per share, and twenty-three million four hundred fifty-nine thousand

three hundred ninety (23, 459,390) shares shall be designated Preferred Stock, with par value of
$.001 per share.

- (B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock

authorized by these Artic'es of Incorporation may be issued from time to time in one or more series.

_ The first series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stoc«” and shall consist of
one million one hundred thousand (1,100,000) shares. The second series of Preferred Stock shail be
designated “Series A-|_.Preferred Siock” and shall consist of four million three hundred fifty nine
thousand three hundred ninety (4,359,399) shares. The third series of Preferred Stock shall be
designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist of eight million (8,000,000) shares. The

fourth series of Preferred Stock shall cesignated “Series.C Preferred-Stock” and shall consist of ten
inillion (10,000,000) shares. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and

‘imposed on the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series A-i Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred
Stock, and the Series C Preferred Stock are set forth below in this Article f1I(B).

CAN PortbhPALIB2UF AUS4321836 8. BOC (44479)
MPI: 1022402. 4
1. Dividend Provisions.

(a) The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
cash dividends out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration
or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights
convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of
Common Stuck for the Corporation) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at a rate of $0.03,
$0.06, $0.12, and $0.12 per share, per year on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock, respectively. as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or distributions, recapitalizations and similar events. The
dividends shall be payable quarterly, and shall be paid when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors. Such dividends shall nct be cumulative. Subject to the provisions of tis Section (1), no
dividends shall be paid or declared on the Common Stock during any fiscal year unless a similar
dividend is paid or declared on the Series A Preferred Stock. Series A-1 Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock. Any dividend preference of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1
Preferred Stock, or Series P Preferred Stock may be waived, in whole or in part, by the consent or
vote of the holders of the majority of the outstanding shares of such series; any dividend preference
of Series C Preferred Stock may be waived, in whole or in part, by the consent or vote of the holders
of at least two thirds of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

(b) After the payment or setting aside for payment of the dividends
described in Section 1(a), any additional dividends (other than dividends on Common Stock payable
solely in Common Stock) set aside or paid in any fiscal year shall be set aside or paid among the
holders of the Preferred Stock and Common Stock then outstanding in proportion to the greatest
whole number of shares of Common Stock which would be held by each such holder if all shares of
Preferred Stock were converted at the then-effective Conversion Rate (as defined in Section 4).

2. Liquidation.

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the. Preferred Stock shali be
entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation
to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount equal to $0.50,
$1.00, $1.50, and $1.50 for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock,
Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock, respectively, then held by them, as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends or distributions, recapitalizations and similar events, plus declared
but unpaid dividends. ‘If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus distributed
among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock Series B Preferred
Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the
full aforesaid preterential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally
available for distribution shall'be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred
Sxock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B. Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock in
proportion to the : preferential amount each such holder i is otherwise entitled to receive.

C:\NrPortbDPAL332:GFAH'4321336_8.DOC 444479) ae
MP3:1022402.4 :
(b) Remaining Assets. If, upon the occurrence of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, assets or surplus funds semain in the Corporation after the distribution of
amounts specified in Section 2(a}, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shal! be
entitled to share in all such remaining assets and surpius funds ratably as if all shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series A-] Prefer 2d Stock Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock had
been converted into Common Sic: in accordance with Article III (B)4.

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by. or to
include, (A) the acquisition of the Corporation by another person or entity by means of any
transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger
or consolidation; or (B) a sale, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets
or business of the Corporation, unless in the case of either (A) or (B) the Corporation’s shareholders
of record as constituted immediately prior to such acquisition, merger, consolidation. sale,
conveyance or other disposition will, immediately after such acquisition, merger, consolidation,
conveyance, sale or other disposition (by virtue of securities issued as.consideration for the
Corporation's acquisition or sale or otherwise) hold at least 50% of the voting power of the sur ‘ving
or acquiring entity in approximately the same relative percentages after such acquisition, merger.
consolidation, sale or other disposition as before such acquisition, merger, consolidation, sale or
other disposition; or (C) the effectuation by the Corporation of a transaction or series of relate 1
transactions in which the Corporation’s shareholders immediately prior to such transaction hold less
than 50% of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity: or (D) a grant of an exclusive,
irrevocable license of the Company’s intellectual property to a third party; or (E) any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company (collectively, a “Liquidation Event”), provided, however,
that (i) a consolidation with a wholly-owned subsidiary, (ii) a merger effected exclusively to change
the domicile of the Company, or (iii) an equity financing in which the Company is the surviving
corporation, shall not be considered a Liquidation Event. The treatment of any transaction or series
of related transactions as a liquidation, dissolution or winding up pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of the
preceding sentence may be waived with respéct to Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred
Stock, and Series B Preferred Stock by the consent or vate of a majority of the outstanding shares of
such series; the treatment of any transaction or series of related transactions as a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of the preceding sentence may be waived with
respect to Series C Preferred Stock by the consent ar voie of the holders of at least two thirds of the
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

di) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
liquidation as described in Section 2(ci) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation is

other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as
follows:

(Aj Securities not subject to investment letter or other
restrictions on free marketability, including without limitation Rule 145 restrictions:

-3-
C:NrPartbh\PALIB2JFAHW321836_8,DOC (e479)
MP1:1022402.4 ;
(1) if traded on a securities exchange or the
NASDAQ Nationa! Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities cn such exchange over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing:

(2) — Ifactively traded over-tiue-counter, the valve
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (svhichever is applicable) over the
thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing: and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof; as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in Section 2(c){ii)(A) to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof; as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

The fair market value of any property other than cash or securities shall be the fair market
value determined by the Board of Directors.

(iii) Notice of Transaction. Tic Comeration sha'l give cach holder
of record of Preferred Stock written notice of such impending transaction not latcr than twenty (20)
days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior
to the closing of such transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall 2lso notify such holders in writing
of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms
and conditions of the impending transaction ond the provisions of this Section 2, and the Corporation
shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. The transaction shall ir: no
event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the Corporation has given the first notice
provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the Corporation has given notice of any
material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that such periods raay be shortened upon
the written consent of the holders of each series of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice
rights or similar notice rights and that represent at least a majority of the voting power of all then
outstanding shares of each such series of Preferred Stock, with each series of Preferred Stock voting
as a separate class; and provided further that the Corporation promptly (but ‘n no event less than two
(2) business days prict to the closing of the transaction) gives written notice to all holders of
Preferred Stock that did not consent to the shortening of such periods.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. in the event the requirements of this
Section 2(¢)(iii) are not complied with, the Corporation shali forthwith either cause the closing of the
transaction to be postponed until such requirements have been complied with, or cancel such
transaction, in which event the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of Preferred Stock
shall revert to and be the same as such rights, preferences and privileges existing immediately prior
to the date of the first notice referred to in Section 2(c)(iii) hereof.

3. Kede emption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

Cc; ‘NrPortbhPALIB2UF AH 4321836 8DOC ours)
MP1:1022402.4 .
4, Conversion. The hoiders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows (the ‘Conversion Rights”).

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock
shali be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof at any time after the date of issuance of such
share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully
paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $0.50, $1.00, $1.50,
or $1.50 for Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series 3 Preferred Stock, or
Series C Preferred Stock, respectively, by the applicable Conversion Price for such series of
Preferred Stock that is in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial
Conversion Prices per share of Preferred Siock shall be $0.50, $1.00, $1.50, and $1.50 for each of

Series A. Series A-1, Series B, and Series C, respectively. Such initial Conversion Prices shall be
subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock,

Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock shall

. automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at their respective Conversion Price at the
time in effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) the Corporation’s sale of its
Common Stock in an underwritten public offering on the NASDAQ Global Market or the New York
Stock Exchange pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at
a public offering price of not less than $4.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications and the like) with aggregate gross cash proceeds to the Corporation and/or any
selling stockholders (after deduction for underwriters’ commissions and expenses relating to the
issuance, including without limitation fees to the Corporation’s counsel) which exceed $25,000,000
(a “Qualified IPO”) (ii) with resnect to the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock,
the date specified by written consent of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock, voting as a single
class, (iii) with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, the date specified by written consent of the
holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock,
voting as a separate class, or (iv) with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, the date specified by

written consent of the holders of at least two thirds of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall
be eniitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, ai the office of the Corporation or of any transfer
agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written noticé to the Corporation at its principal
corporate office, of the election to convert the sarne and shall state therein the name or names in,
which the certificate or-certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation
shall, as suon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such cifice to such holder of Preferred
Stock, or te the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certifivaie or certificates for shares of
Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicabie thereafter, issue and
deliver at such office to such holder of Preferzea Stock, or to the nomince or ncrninces of such

5.

C:ANsPorthhPALIOZUF AI. 4321836, 3.DOC (44479).
MP1:1022402.4
holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder
shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock as of such date, Ifthe conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of
securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the conversion may, at ilie
option of any holder tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with
the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering. in which event the person(s)
entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to
have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.
Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation of the loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of a certificate of shares of Preferred Stock and (in case of loss, theft or destruction) upon
delivery of an indemnity agreement (with surety if reasonably required) in an amount reasonably
satisfactcry to the Corporation, or (in the case of mutilation) upon surrender and cancellation of such
certificate, the Corporation will issue, in lieu thereof, a new certificate to the holder.

(d) . Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain Dilutive
Tssuances, Splits and Combinations. The Series A Conversicii Price, Series A-1 Conversion Price,

Series B Conversion Price, and-Series C Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time as follows:

- .(i) (A) _ Ifthe Corporation shall issue, after the date upon which
any shares of Series C Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date”) any Additional Stock
(as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series A
Conversion Price, Series A-1 Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price, or Series C Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Conversion Price of

the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-! Preferred Stock, Series 8 Preferred Stock, and Series C
Preferred Stock, as applicable, in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically
(except as ctherwise provided in this clause (i)) be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price
determined by multiplying the Series A Conversion Price, Series A-1 Conversion Price, Series B
Conversion Price or Series C Conversion Price, as applicable, in effect by a fraction, the numerator
of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the
Company for the total. number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at. .
the Series A Conversion Price, Series. A-L Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price, or Series C
Conversion Price, as applicable: and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock. outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional
Stock so issued; provided, however, that for the purposes of Section 4(d)(i)(A), all shares of
‘Common. Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the then outstanding Preferred Stock or uther

Convertible Securities. (hereinafter defined) or upon exercise of the then outstanding Options
(hereinafter defined) shall be deemed outstanding.

For the purposes of this Section 4(d)(D(A), the |
following terms shall have i itie following meanings: , ,

CANePonbAPALIB2UFAHW321536 _2OC au .
MPI: 022402 A
“Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

“Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness, shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(B) No adjustment to the applicable Conversion Price of the
Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, or Series C Preferred
Stock shall be made in an amount less than one one-hundredth of one cent per share, provided that
any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried
forward and shall be either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to three
years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made
at the end of three years from the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried
forward. Except to the limited extent provided in Sections 4(d)(i)(E)(3) and 4(d)(i)(E)(4), no
adjustment of such Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4(d)(i) shall have the effect of

increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior te such
adjustinent.

(C) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash,
the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation
for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(D) _ Inthe case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed

to be the fair market value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors i irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) Inthe case of issuance (whether before, on or after the
-applicable Purchase Date) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock, securities
by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights
to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following provisions shall ay ply for
all purposes of this Section 4(d)(i) and Section 4(d)(ii):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to

exercisability, including without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account
potential antidilution adjustments) of such options —) purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for a
consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in Sections 4(d)(i)(C)
and 4(d)(i{(D)),. if any, received by the Corporation upon the issuance of such options or rights plus
_ the minimum exercise price provided in such options or rights (without taking into account potential
- antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered thereby.

: Q) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange’ (assuming the satisfaction of any
-7-

CANtPonbAPALIBOUPAH 4321836 8.DOC cars
MPI:1022402.4 .
conditions to convertibility or exchangeability, including witicut limitation, the passage of time, but
without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) for any such convertible or
exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purci:ase rights to subscribe for such
convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be
deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights were
issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for any
such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued
interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by
the Corporation (without taking into account potential antidi!ziion adjustments) upon the conversion
or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related options or rights the consideration in
each case to be determined in the manner provided in Section 4/d)(i)(C) and 4(d)(i)(D).

(3) Inthe event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or
exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution
provisions thereof, the Series A Conversion Price, Series A-1 Conversion Price, Series B Conversion
Price and Series C Conversion Price, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such
options, rights or sectirities, shall be recomputed pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(A) to reflect such
change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any

payment of such consideraticn upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion or
exchange of such securities.

(4) Upon expiration of any such options or rights,
the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights
related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Series A Conversion Price, Series A-]
Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price and Series C Conversion Price, to the extent in any way
affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities or options or rights related to such
securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the numbey of shares of Common
Stock (and convertibie or exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the
exercise of such options or rights, upon the convers.:.> or exchange of such securities or upon the
exercise of the options or rights related to such securities.

(5) . The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Sections 4(d)(i)(E)(1)} and (2)
shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described
in either Section AA)MENG) or (4).

(ii) “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock

issied (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i(E)) by the Corporation after the
Purchase Date otherthan:

(A) Shares of Comsnon Stock issued or deemed to have
been issued | pursuant toa transaction described in Section 4¢d)( ili) hereof;

-8-
CANrPontbh\PALIB2UFAH\4321836_8,DOC (aero)
MP1:1022402.4
(B) Upto 5,500,000 shares of Common Stock issued or
deemed to have been issued to employees, consultants, officers or directors of the Corporation
pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation or such higher number as may be approved by the Board of Directors (adjusted to
reflect stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalization):

(C) Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to have
been issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial credit arrangements,
equipment financings, commercia) property lease transactions or similar transactions approved by
the Board of Directors, at any time when the total number of shares of Common Stock so issuable or
issued does not exceed 200,000 shares or such higher number approved by the Board of Directors
(adjusted te reflect stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalization);

(D) Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to have
been issued upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferrec Stock, or Series C Preferred Stock;

(E) Shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock issued
upon the exercise or conversion of warrants, notes or other rights to acquire Common Stock or
Preferred Stock either outstanding as of the date of the filing of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation or approved by the Board of Directors;

(F) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to
the bona fide acquisition of another corporation by the Corporation by merger, purchase of
substantially all of the assets or other reorganization or pursuant to a joint venture agreement. in each
case, approved by the Board of Directors;

(G) Shares of Common Stock issued in a registered public
offering under the Securities Act pursuant to which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are
automatically converted into Common Stock as described in Section 4(b)(i) above; and

(H) Shares of Common Stock issued in Strategic partnership
_ transactions entered into for primarily non-equity financing purposes approved by the Board of
Directors, at any time when the total number of shares of Common Stock so issuable or issued does

hot exceed 200,000 shares or such higher number approved by the Board of Directors (adjusted to
reflect stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalization).

(iii). In the event the Corporation should at any time or from time to

_ time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the

‘outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to
“receive a dividend-or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or other
Securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly,
additional shares of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock equivalents”)
without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or |
the Common Stock: Equivatents (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of such dividend —

c: AN PortbRPALIBDUFAHI2I636 8.DOC (44479) ?

MP1:1022402.4
distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the applicable Conversion Prices of the
Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-) Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C
Preferred Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock,

Series B Preferred Stock. and Series C Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such
increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to
such Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock

Equivalents determined from time to time in n the manner provided for deemed issuance’s in
Section 4(d)(i)(E).

(iv) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any
time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the applicable Series A Conversion
Price, Series A-1 Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price, and Series C Conversion Price shall
be appropriate.y increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of
each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in
Section 4(d)(iii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the holders of Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(fp Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of
assets transactions provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Section 2) provisions shall be made so
that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or
otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have beea
entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the
application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of Preferred
Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 4 including adjustment

‘of the Conversion Prices then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock): shall be applicable after that event and be as.nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
Atticies of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,

— consolidation, merger dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or

_. seek to avoid the observance or performance of any ¢ of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the ‘Corporation; ‘but wiili at ail times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions. -of this. Section 4 ‘and in the taking of all.such action, as may be necessary ot appropriate in
- order: to Proteet the Conversion. Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment,

coon Os iPonbRPALIRZUPAIBAS2IB56 -B.DOC aem aon
‘MPI: 1022402.4 : .
(h) No Fractional Share and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of any
share or shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred

Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall
be rounded to the nearest whole share (with one half being rounded upward). In liev of any
fractional shares which would otherwise be issuable, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to the
product of such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of one share of Common Stock on the
date of conversion, as determined in accordance with Section 2(c)(ii). Whether or not fractionai
shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of
shares of Preferred Stock the helder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

_ (ii) Upon readjustment of a Conversion Price of the Series A
Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, or Series C Preferred Stock
pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment
or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof, and prepare and furnish to each holder of
Series A Preferred Stock, Series:A-! Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C
Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corpor ation shall, upon the written
request at any time of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock,-or Series C Preferred Stock furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a lixe
certificate setting forth (A) sich adjustment and readjustment (B) the Conversion Prices of the
Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock,-and Series C
Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of a share

of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A- | Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C
Preferred Stock. .

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking ty the Corporation
of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right
to subscribe for, purchase or.otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other
securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail to each holder of

Preferred Stock, at least 20 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on

~ which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or sight, and the
amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

Q)- - Reservation. of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation
-shall at all: times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
_ Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such
_ number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the

~~ sconversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized

” ~, but unissued shares of Common Stock shalt not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
oe oustanding shares of Preferred. Stock, i in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the

: -hI-
c: WePonbRP ALIBIUFAHMSZIS6, &.DOC our,

OMPI #1022402, 4
holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the
opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stack
to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including without limitation,
engaging its best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approva! of any necessary amendment to
these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.

(k) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of Series A Preferred
Stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock may be waived by the vote of the
holders of at least the majority of the outstanding shares of such series either before or after the
issuance causing the adjustment or by written consent pursuant to California Corporations Code
section 603; and any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of the Series C Preferred Stock

may be waived by the holders of at leasi two thirds of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock.

5. 7 Voting Rights: Directors.

(a) Except as otherwi ise expressly provided herein or by law, the holder of
each share of Preferred Stock shall have the. right to one vote for each share of Common Stock into
which such Preferred Stock could then be converted, and with respect to such vote, such holder shall
have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common
Stock, and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any shareholders’
meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote, together
with holders of Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common Stock
have th2 right to vote. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting
rights 2 vailable on an as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred
Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with
one-half being rounded upward).

(b) For sc long as more than 1,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock
are outstanding (subject to appropriate adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations and
other similar recapitalizations affecting such shares), the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, voting
as a separate series, shall be entitled to elect one (1) members of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation's shareholders for the
election cf directors. .For so long as more than.1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock are
outstanding (subject to appropriate adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations and
other similar recapitalizations affecting such shares), the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting
as.a separate series, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation's Board of Directors.
at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s shareholders for the election of
__ directors. For so long as more than 1,000,000 shates of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1
. Preferred Stock, ona cornbined basis, are outstanding (subject to appropriate adjustment for stock

. ‘splits, stock dividends, combinations and other similar. recapitalizations affecting such shares), the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, voting together as
a combined: series,, shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors
at each meeting. Or F pursuant to each consent of the Corporation's s shareholders for the election of

coe me “12
C et Pana A pec cam
> MPI: tn2402.4 = ,
directors. The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elec! two (2)
members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each conseni of the
Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors. The holders of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as converted basis, suall be entitled to elect
the remaining members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the Corporation’s shareholders for the election of directors.

6. Protective Provisions.

{a) So long as more than 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock are
outstanding (subject to appropriate adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations and
other similar recapitalizations affecting such shares), the Corporation shall not (by amendment,
merger, reclassification, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or

written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least majority of the then outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock, voting as a combined class:

{i) enter into a definitive agreement to an event constituting, or
otherwise constitute, a Liquidation Event; or

(ii) | amend or waive any provision of these Amended and Restated

Articles of Incorporation or amen che tylaws of the Corporation in a manner adverse to the holders
of Preferred Stock; or

(iii) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any, other equity
security, including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security having
any right, preference or privilege over, or being on a parity with, such Preferred Stock; or

(iv) alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the shares of such series so as to affect adversely the shares of such Preferred Stock; or

(v) increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of
such Preferred Stock; or

(vi) take any action that results in the redemption, repurchase,
payment of dividends or other distribution with respect to any shares of Common Stock (excluding
shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company: pursuant to agreements which permit the
Company to repurchase such shares at cost upon termination of services to the Company or in
exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer); or

(vii) take any action that results in the taxation of holders of
Preferred Stock under Section 305 of the Internal Revenue Code.

(b) So long as more than 1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock are
outstanding (subject to.appropriate adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations and
other similar recapitalizations affecting such shares), the Corporation shall not (by amendment,
merger, reclassification, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or
_ -43-

Cc ‘ANrPortblPALIB2UPAHVW321836 | 8. DOC, (44479)
MPI: $922402.4 ; : .
written consent. as provided by law) of the holders of at least majority of the tnen outstanding shares
of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate series:

(i) amend or waive any provision of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation: or

(ii) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue. any, other equity
security, including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security having
any right, preference or privilege over. or being on a parity with, such scries; or

(iii) alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the shares of such series, or otherwise; or

(iv) enter into a definitive agreement to an event constituting, or
otherwise constitute, a Liquidation Event; or

(v) take any action that results in the redemption, repurchase,
payment of dividends or other distribution with respect to any shares of Common Stock (excluding
shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company pursuant to agreements which permit the
Company to repurchase such shares at cost upon termination of services to the Company or in
exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer); or

(vi) increase or decrease the number of members of the Board of
Directors; or

Wii) take any action that results in the taxation of holders of
Preferred Stock under Section 305 of the Internal Revenue Code.

(viii) ‘Take any action that results in the pledge or encumbrance of
any of the asséts of the Company or in the making of any guarantees other than i in the ordinary
course of business as approved by the Goard of Directors; or

{ix) increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of
any series of Preferred Stock or Common Stock.

-(c). So long as more than 1 000, 000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock are
outstanding ¢ eubicet to appropriate adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations and
other suriilar recapitalizations affecting such shares), the Corporation shall not (oy amendment,

_ merger, reclassification, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining the approval of the

holders of at least two thirds of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate series: ; .

( amend or waive an y provision of these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation of ‘the bylaws of the Corporation; or

C; ion ALIBIUFAH 432106 8. DOC. (444795
-MP131022402.4
(ii) authorize or issuc, or obligate itself to issue, any, other equity
security, including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security having
anv right, preference o7 privilege over, or being on a parity with. such series: or

(iii) alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the shares of such series. or otherwise; or

(iv) enter into a definitive agreement to an event constituting, or
otherwise constitute, a Liquidation Event; or

(v) take any action that results in the redemption, repurchase.
payment of dividends or other distribution with respect to any shares of Common Stock (excluding
shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company pursuant to agreements which permit the
Company to repurchase such shares at cost upon termination of services to the Company or in
exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer); or

(vi) increase or decrease the number of members of the Board of
Directors; or .

(vii) take any action that results in the taxation of holders of
Preferred Stock under Section 305 of the Intemal Revenue Code.

_-. (viii) take any-action that results in the pledge or encumbrance of
any of the assets of the Company or in the making ef any guarantees other than in the ordinary
course of business as approved by the Board of Directurs; or

(ix) increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of
any series of Preferred Stock or Common Stock.

1 Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and shall not be
issuable by the Corporation. These Amended.and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the

Corporation shail be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the
Corporation's authorized capital stock.

&. - Repurchase of Shares, In connection with repurchases at cost by the
Corporation of tis Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with employees or former employees,

Section 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law shall not apply in whole or in part
with respect to such repurchases.

9. Notice. Any notice required by the provisions of this Article mB) to be
given to the holders of shares Preferred Stock shall be deemed given three (3) days after deposit in
the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or immediately upon transmission of a facsimile (with confirmation
received), in each case addressed to each holder of record at his address or facsimile number
appearing on the books of the ‘Corporation. ,

- CAN¢PortbhPALIBZUFAHW32) 836 _ £.D0C a)
MP1:1022402.4 :
(C) Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of Common Stock shal! be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the
Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Right. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the

Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation shall be
distributed as provided in Section 2 of Division (8) of this Article II.

3. . Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice-of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the

bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as
may be provided by th the law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be

eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law, as the same exists or may hereafter
be amended.

(B) The Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its
sharehoiders through bylaw provisions or through agreements with the agents, or both, in excess of
the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject

to the limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations
Code.

(C) Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IV
by the shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director
or agent of the Corporation existing at that time of such amendment, repeal or modification,

1. The foregoing amendment has been approved by the Board of Directors of
this Corporation.

2. The foregoing amendment was approved by the holders of the requisite
number of shares of this Corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California _
General Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to
~ the foregoing amendment was 5,110,624 shares of Common Stock, 1,100,000 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, 4,259,390 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, and 8,000,000 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in-favor of the foregoing amendment equaled or
exceeded the vote required, The Percentage vote required was a majority of the outstanding
“16-

_ CANFPortbhPALIBUFAH4321836 8. DOC (asa)
MP1:1022402.4
Common Stock voting as a single class, a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock voting as a single series, a majority of the ouistanding shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock
voting as a single series, a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock voting as a
single series, and a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock,
Series A-1 Preferred Stock, and Series B Preferred Stock voting together as a combined class.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

CANrPortbhPALIB2UF AH'4321836_8.D0C (44479)
MP1:1022402.4 oe
The undersigned certify under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of Califomia
that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of our knowledge.

Executed at Palo Alto, California, on August /% , 2008.

Ssott odson, President

J. Casey MaGlynn,
S

ecretary
