cottate CaN RYMAN 2 SONGS GI SUL eR t, S RR atte ee ®

A0679|3h

. 3 FIL

| of the Stale of Caftomia
9082490 JUN 8°0 2008

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
AVANTIS.MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC.

The undersigned, Howard Palefsky and 5, Casey MoGlyan, hereby certify that:

1, They. are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of Avantis
Medical Systems, Inc,, a California comporation, . .

Bh The Ans of is Copraon sl be snd an std toed a it a

follows:"

_ The pame of the corporation is Avantis Medical Systems, Inc. (the “Comporation”).
ARTICLE: LH

The purpose ofthis Corporation i toengige' i any lawl acter acivity for which a ;
corporation may be ‘Srganized under the Genefal- Céeporetion’ Law of California other than ttie
banking business, the trust company business the pry of profesion petted tobe os
‘Incorporated by the California Corporations Code. *

_ (A) Classes of Stock. “The Corporates Wei oH ti lina f stock. fo be
designated, respectively, “Common: Stock” and- Er is The lal aber.
the Corporation is authorized to lisie'isfoty eilin (40 0,000, 04 (000) shares, ‘T v6tr jeu
hundred forty chousand six hundred ten: Gs S406 10} shes ia ibe: .

with par value of $0.001 per share, sid 'hirteen million 068 hain fifty stoma tivo a |
hundred mnt (148,390) sre Stl be ig PEE Sok Wi 800 pe

Shane * ae . af .
Be, Rarer ies lak 7, xi are “yee +f -
Pep Pena Borers YEE SERRE FE BEN pe ae

ein ies neat a a ORT Sh a wo
es eri ot & Ny 00 of

The first seties of Preferred Stock shall-be designated +
one million one hundred thousend (1,100,000) sistea?"Ths aici ene of ere Sk shall'be ..~
designated “Series A-1 Preferred Stock” ad; all seas Seo Foun milion spe Rie fy nln
thousand throe hundred ninety (4,359,390) shares:  Thedthitd series 0 of Praferved Stock, shal Beis:
designated “Series B Prefeired Stock” ise sit of ofelghs million 6.000000 shates the "

Stock, the Series A-1 Preferred Stock and'the: Be SHG ‘Preferred Sioa tO balow.fi tla.
Article III(B). Rie en Re 2 Cie

CAN yPorfh PAL ILQUP AMM219161_2. DDC (39551)

Tem

ha tho oton of he Sacre of Gita

i. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
Series A+ Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive cash dividends
Out of any assets fegally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration o* payinent of
any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or
entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock for
the Corporation) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at a tate of (a) $0.03 per share, per year
"On each outstanding share of Series A Prefesred Stock, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or
distributions, recapitalizations and similar events, and (b) $0.06 por share, per year on each
outstanding share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or
distributions, recepitalizations and similar events, and (c} $0.12 per share, per year on each
outstanding chare of Series B Proferred Stock, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or
disizibutions, recapitalizations and similar events. The dividends shall be payable quarterly, and
shall be paid when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Such dividends shalf not be
cumulative, Subject to the provistons of this Section (1), no dividends shall be paid or declared on
the Common Stock during any fiscal year unless a similar dividend fs paid or declared on the
Series A Preferred Sitock, Series A-I Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock.

(a) Preference. In the event of any Iiquidstion, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, either voluntary of involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock,
Series Avi Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entithed to receive, prior and in
Preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Comnton
Stock by reason of thelr ownership thereof, an amount equal to $0.50 foreach share of Series A
Preferred Stock then held by them, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or distributions,
recapitalizations and similar events, $1.00 for cach share of Series A-I Prefarred Stock then held by
them, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends or distributions, recapitalizations end simitar
evenis, and $1.50 for each share of Series B Preferred Stock then held by them, es adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends or distributions, recapitalizations and similar events, plus declared but unpaid
dividends. Ef, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets end funds thus distribarted among the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 Prefexred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock
shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts,
then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally avaltable for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of the Settes A Preferrad Stock, Series Ai Preferred Stock
arent? B Preferred Stock in. proportion to the preferential amount cach such:bolder is ocherwise
entitled to receive.

(b) Remaining Asstt. If, upon the occurrence of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, assets or surplus funds remain in the Corporation after the. distribution of | -
amounts specified in Section 2(a), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series. A-t Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall-b¢ exititied to share in ail
such remaining assets and surplus funds ratably as if all shares of Sertes A-Préferted Stock,

Series A.} Preferred Stock and Serles B Preferred Stock bad been converted ifito Common Stock in
accordance with Article II (B}A.

CN PonbhPALIB2UFAHW21514!_2DOC (99551)

(c) Certain Acquisitions.

() Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, 4
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or t9
include, (A) the scquisition of the Corporation by another person or entity by means of any
transaction or s¢ries of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger
or consolidation, but excluding any merger effected exclusively for purposes of changing the
domicile of the Corporation); or (B) a sale, conveyance or other disposition of afl or substantially all
of the assets or business of the Corporation, unless in the case of either (A) or (B) the Cor poration’s
shareholders of record as constituted immediately prior to such aequisttion, merger. consolidation,
sale, conveyance or other disposition will, immediately after such acquisition, merger, consolidation,
conveyance, sale or other disposition (by virtue of securities issued as consideration for the
Corporation’s acquisition or sale or otherwise) hald at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving
or acquiring entity in approximately the same relative percentages after such acquisition, merger,
consolidation, sale or other disposition as before such eequisition, merger, consolidation, sale or
other disposition; or (C) the effectuation by the Corporation ofa transaction or series of related
transactions in which the Corporation’s sharchalders immediately prior to such transaction hold less
than 50% of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity; or (D2) a grant of an exclusive,
irrevocable licetise of the Company’s intellectual property to a third party; or (E) any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company (collectively, a “Liquidadan Event”), provi
that (i) a consolidation with a whally-owned subsidiary, (il) a mecger effected exclusively to change
the domicile of the Company, ot (ili) an equity financing in which the Compeny is the surviving
corporation, shall not be considered a Liquidation Event.

(ii) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
liquidation as described in Section 2(c\(l) above, If the consideration received by the Corporation is
other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value, Any securities shat] be valued as
follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letier or other
nestrictions on free marketability, including without limitation Rute 145 restrictions: °

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or the
NASDAQ National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange over the thirty-day period ending three.(3) days prior to the closing;

(2) If actively traded-cverthe-counter, the value
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is epplicable) over the
thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(3) there is no, active’ public eames, the vaine
shall be the fair market value thereof; as determined in good faith by the Hoad of Directors,

invesunent letter or other restrictions on free marketability shatt bé to make-an appropriate discount -

CANsPortPALIBAJFAHM218161_2D0C (39541)

- from: the market value determined as above in Section 2¢cKiiKA) to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

‘The fair market value of any property other than cash or securities shall be the fair market
value determined by the Board of Directors. .

The fair market value of any property other than cash or securities shall be the fair market
value determined by the Board of Directors.

a Gil). Notice of Transsetion. The Corporation shall give eack hefiar
of record of Preferred Stock written notice of such impending transaction not Inter than twenty (20)
days prior to the shareholders’ meeting called to approve such transaction, Of twenty (20) days prior

- fo the closing of such transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing
of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices shatl describe the material terms
and conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the Corporation
shalt thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. The transaction shalt in 70
event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the Corporation has given the first notice
provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the Corporation hes given notice of aay
material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that such periods may be shortened upon
the written consent of the holders of each series of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice
rights of similar notice rights and that represent at Icast a majority of the voting power of all then
outstanding shares of each such series of Preferred Stock, with each series of Preferred Stock voting
as 4 separate class; and provided further that the Corporation promptly (but in no event less than fwo
(2) business days prior to the closing of the tranenction) gives written notice to alf holders of
Preferred Stock that did not consent to the shortening of such perlods.

(iv) Bffest of Noncomplianes. In the event the requirements of
Section %(cKiii) are not compliod with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing of the
transaction to be postponed until such requirements have been comptied with, or cancel such
transaction, in which event the rights, proferences and privileges of the holders of Preferred Stock
shall revert to and be the same as such rights, preferences and privileges existing immediately prior
to the date of the first notice referred to in Section 2(cM{iil) hereof,

3, Redemption. The Preferred Stock is net redecmabie.

4. Conversion.. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Sertes A-!
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights #5 follows (the -

(8) Bight to Conyers. Subject to Section 4(0), each share of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series A-I Preferred Stock and Series B Preferted Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof at any time after the date of issuance of euch ‘share, at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such- number of fully paid ansd nonasoessabie
shaves of Common Stock as is determined (1) by dividing $0.50 by the Series A Conversion Price ft
effect on the date the céztificate is surrendered for conversion for each shave Of Serica A Preparer
Stock. (ii) by dividing $1.00 by the Series A-t Conversion Privesii effect on the da the gert!Bicate

77h wea

CAN Porm NPALIBIVFAHTISI61_2.DO0C (20451) - . oeooRe
‘ ° ad on .-
. Peron tre es syee a 7r* 1?
Lan tid a Ta Sd VP ‘
ether fo ah a Sr en a ee

vile
w4 a eee a a OT peta te ph PME ee

. a oo 4 "

ig sutrendered for conversion for each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, and (iii) by dividing
$1.50 by the Series B Conversion Price in offect on the date the certificate is surrendered for
conversion for each share of Series B Preferred Steck. The initial Series A Conversion Price per
share of Series A Preferred Stock shat! be $0.50 per share. The initial Series A-1 Conversion Price
per share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be $1.00 per share. The initial Series B Conversion
Price per share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be $1.50 per share. Such initial Conversion Prices
shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(6)  Agtomatic Conversion, Each share of Series A Preferred Stock,

Series A-1 Preferred Stock, and Serles B Preferred Stock shall automatically bo converted into
shares of Comman Stock at their respective Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share

_ immediately upon the earlier of (i) the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in an underwritten
public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at
a public offering price of not less than $4.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications and the like) with aggregate gross cash proceeds to the Corporation and/or any ~
selling stockholders (after deduction for underwriters’ commissions and expenses relating to the
issuance, including without limitation fees to the Corporation's counsel) which exceed $25,000,000

(a “quailfied IPO”) (ii) with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-I Preferred Stock, °

the date specified by written consent of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock, voting as a single

class, or (iii) with respect'to the Series B Preferred Stock, the date specified by written consent of the .
holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock,

voting a5 a separate class. . :

. (ce). Mochanies of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shal!
be entitled to convert the same Into shares of Common Stock, such hotder shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer
agent for the Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at its principal
corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in
which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation
shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at. such office to such holder of Preferred
Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for shares of .
Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and
deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such
holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder
chall bo entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately —
prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issnable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or hokdérs of such shares of
Common Stock as of such date. 1f the conversion is in connection with an underwritten offering of
-securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the conversion may, at the
option of any holder tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with
the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s}
entitled to receive Common Stock upon conversion of such Preferred Stock-shel! not be deemed to
have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of aich sale of securitics.
Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation of the losé, theft, destruction or

«5s
CA\MePortbhP a LIBZUPAHNM2 F5141_2. BOO (39554) :
af,
a get we! MWg te ab as
it, aw ae Denne re nn rests “ 7 ’ Bes of hfe vw
ey ¢ wy ' my eee tee TY yaree Of ee aan EL ee ,

‘ty en ee Oo

a a re a wry “"t ty 5 a he - ve
wee ete ad te Tbe ete ON ee aa Py

.
ate

mutilation of a. certificate of shares of Preferred Stock and (in case of loss, theft or destruction) upon
delivery of an indemnity agreement (with surety if reasonably required) in an amount reasonably
satisfactory to the Corporation, of (in the case of mutilation) upon surrender and cancellation of such
certificate, the Corporation will issue. in lieu thereof, a new certificate to the holder.

“(dd Convers Price Adjustments Pred pLocEK 10 { ’
issuances, Splits and Combinations. Th. Series A Conversion Price, Series A-t Conversion Price
and Series B Conversion Price shal! be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

‘ (i) (A) ___ Ifthe Corporation shall issue, after the date upon which
any shares of Series B Preferred Stock were first issued (the “Purchase Date”) any Additional Stock
(as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series A
Conversion Price, Series A-1 Conversion Price, or Series B Conversion Price in offect immediately
prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Conversion Price of the Seties A Preferred Stock,
Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to each such
issuance shall automatically (except as otherwise provided in this clause (i) be reduced,
concurrently with such Issue, to a price determined by multiplying the Series A. Conversion Price,
Series 4-1 Conversion Price or Series B Conversion Price, as applicable, in effect by 6 fraction, the
- numerator of which shall be the nember of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to such Issue plus the number of ahares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration
received by the Company for the total nusaber of Additional Sharés of Common Stock so issued
would purchase at the Series A Conversion Price, Series A-1 Conversion Price, or Series B
Conversion Price, as applicable; and the denominator of which shall be the nuraber of shares of
- Common Stock outstanding Inumediately prior to such.issue plus the number of such Additional
Stock so issued; provided, however, that-for the purposes of Section 4(d)(IXA), all shares of.
Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the then outstanding Preferred Stock or other
Convertible Securities (hereinafte: defined) or upon exercise of the thea outstanding Options =~
(hereinafter defined) shall be deemed outstanding.

For the purposes of this Section. 4(d)GMA), the
following terms shali have the following meanings:

“Options” shall mean rights, options or- warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise ecquire either Common Stock of Convertible ‘Securities.

indebtedness, shares or other securities convertitile.into on exohiingesble, for Comma Stock.
. . a: Bee a oe a Leet
. mr ar we poteig owe

'y 4 . ae io oe ia . ae ae .
Seri served Stock, Series Acl Feforred adjustment to the «pplicable Conversion Pride'of the

ae eka Lehi

Tpit een eta

amount tess than one one-hundredth of one cat perhare,;provided that amy, 6 :
not required to be made by reason of this seritence shall, 6é'ceirled forward end shall be cithes taken
into account in any sulsequerit adjustinent made.prtar kv'three years from the date:o theevent ss ~.
_giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or a Sy

-ghall-be made st die eanh of three years front

the date of the event giving rise to the adjustment beinig carried forward: Except 00 the [iinited exret

fr ha rmaaiahialed ee A eet Pa wat gt rae ‘-
. noe vee Tay oe ear os mae yA ee ay Ek es
\ wo, ne wn ee aig ar ity ot wy
CAtePortbhPALIBAPAHM215161_2. DOC (39551) ah me Pie Peg 2 ws Pe artaae a a era Fs
ries ware ‘ _ t wt es a & ett
Bom te Be ae . "a Ley oy ig . ‘. * “Trang 4
as Se eS URS 4 ee AS o% oer a a j ‘
Fa ES © ete, “ay? ‘
trey ¢ is ~?
Reel ae eet Gray yore ae PE PY EA i per

pursuant to this Section 4(¢)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the
Conversion Price-in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(C) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash,
the consideration shatl be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Cc “poration
for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance arid sale thereof.

(D) In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for s.
consideration in whole or in pes otha, tan cash, tbe ecsideration other than éash shall be deemed
tobe the fr market vals theroof as determined by the Board of Directors iéspoctive of any
accounting treabment,

(E) {in the case of issuance (whether before, on or After the ” a os
applicable Purchase Date) of options to purchase or rights to-subscribe for Commion Stock, securities. we
by their terms convertible into or exchangeable, for Common’ Stock or options to purchase orrighity | ° Ly
to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following provisions shall apply ix. oe eg
ail purposes of this Section 4(d)()) and Section 4(4)(ii) wa as

reh) The aggregito msitiyn ser of shares of wedi
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfhction' of arly conditions to +. a. 1 258
exercisability, including without limitation, the passige of thine, but without taking into-scoguint - #Ra6. is
potential antidifution adjustments) of such options ta purchase oF rights‘ to’ subscribe. for. Compnyon |
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such optidna or rights ere were tsdued and fore EL
consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the tater provided it Seccictis MEIKE) Fait
and 4(4\i}(D)), if any, received by the Corporation upda' the! Asaiiance of sich optiofis or rights phis's- soa ae
iene emerson ot = cue
antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered thereby. i bs ete

(2) Tha aggregate muitia
Common Stock deliverable upon converston of on in, exchenge (0: lenin RY 8 5
conditions to convertibility or exchangesbliity, incliding: Seaton aa oe of tines bi
without taking Into account potimtial qntidihiion adjusts) fo apy such Goxvortble oe Use
exchangeable securities or upon the exerolse of options to purchase rights to sich ‘for AR
convertible or exchangeable securities and: sitieqient ‘conversion of or exchadige theteof shill boss: 5. ACs
deemed to have been issued at the time such sbourithes were issued ar such optsban'on rights were s= mae a
issued and for a consideration equal-to to.the’ consideration, if isty, rogetved by the Coepoiition. AF eny.:§ M,.
such securities and related options:o¢:f igs (eae hiing on cath recetyad bn gooqunt of accrued 45-8. St,)3
interest of accrued dividends); plus: she voli dit
or exchange Sr auch securities or the egarait OF siiy telated ‘opcions oF On: pirivmeaiaas at *
cach caeto be determined Inthe mas ev ded tn Selon LAKINC) ed MHD,

ae ‘e

1
ne aie

tu ie 2 ber of shares

Pa

3s: “tut eien ot cp tgs eset:
shares of Common Stock deliverable. oF inhi Sons dpiti payab ; te Caper petty ee
exercise of such options or rights or upan' oui ofr in exchange for of

Pee ,
Age te es, Ae
RRR: v am GS me sae im Ba vet
af ape w p : ntl, Fj £ eos A eat :
‘ : aye a ‘, 4 "4 . .
CANsPortb\PALIRQUPAHM215161 2.D0C (39551) . ofa fae “eds: ey RE er ve ogy?

Cle Saas SIS es Uk an A ‘
ae wy ae 25 ie ‘t. ft Posy now Ye Ae Oe “Bo G 4 BRS, ame
i tee ey Pe whe: athe 9 2b. $ nk ‘

a Go leg ie Rg ost AB hag AR

exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a chany- resuiting fron: the antidilution
provisions thereof, the Series A Conversion Price, Series A-. ~_snversion Price and Series B
Conversion Price, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or
securities, shatt be recomputed pursuant to Setinn 4(dG}(A) to reflect such change, but no further
adjustment shall be made for the actual issus, <2 vf Common Stock or any payment of such
consideration upon the exercise of eny such options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such
securities.

; (4) Upon expiration of any such options or rights,
the termination of any such rights to convert or «change or the expiration of any options or rights
related to such convertible or exchangeable secunctles, the Series A Conversion Price, Series A-l
Conversion Price and Series B Conversion Price, to the extent in any way affected by or computed
using such options, rights or securities or options or rights related to such securities, shall be
recomputed to reflect the issuanve of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and convertible
or exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise of such options
or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exorcise of the options or
rights reinted to such securities.

(>) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Sections 4(d KE!) and (2)
shall be appropriately adjusted to roflect any change, termination of expiration of-the type described
in either Section 4(d\iKEX3) or (4).

(i) “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock
issued (or deemed to have been issied pursuant to Section 4(d)(I(B)) by the Corporation alter the

tA) Shares of Common Stock issued of de:med to have
been issued pursuant to a transaction described in Sectiun 4(d)(lil) hereof;

(B) Up to 3,500,000 shares of Common Sto-1, issued oF
deemed to have been Issued to employers, consultaiits, officers or directors of the “irporation:
pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted stock pisn spproved by the Boerd or Directors 6 the
Corporation (adjusted to reflect stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalization); " t

(C) Shares of Common Stick lisied or docensd to have
been isstted to financial institutions or fessors in conection With conrierbial ceed inrengedent

equipment financings, commercial property tease trensactioas of: fender (riaassct on: * prov od by .-
the Board of Directors, at any time when the total nuiber of states of Corkision' Stock so lasuable or
issued does not exceed 200,000 shares or suok higher number efyproved by the Boerd’o Directors
{adjusted to reflect stock dividends, stock splits or recaipitaibation); sc F 8 Soe
. . : ok I stya ore ise 2 tyne a
Shares of Commnioa Sscdtl.ebbed oe docaned to have Ly

been issued upon conversion of Serles A. Proferred Seock,'Sories A-t- Pret j Stock orSekes 3

ate
vay he
“ a

?
rat!

CANTPonbnPALAAIRAIMZISI6L 2D0C (OSH)

(E) Shares of Commton Stock issued upon the exerclse or
conversion of warrants, notes or other rights to acquire Common Stock outstanding as of the date of
the filing of this Fiflh Amended and Restated Articles of Incomoration;

Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to
the bona fide acquisition of another operation by the Corporation by merger, purchase of
substantially all of the assets or other reorganization cr pursuant to a joint venture agreemrent, ine each
cast, approved by the Board of Directors;

(G) Shares of Common Stock issued in 4 registered publ
’ offering under the Securities Act pursuant to which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are
qutomatically converted into Common Stock as described in Section 4(b)(i) above; and

{H) Shares of Common Stock issued in strategic partnership
transactions entered into for primarily non-equity financing purposes approved by the Board of
Directors, at any time when the total number of shares of Common Stook 90 Issuable or issued does
mx exceed 200,000 shares of such higher number spproved br-the Board of Directors (adjusted to
reflect stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalization). ve

(iti) In the evedit the Conporatici shox rf ‘any the ‘or fom tne to
time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuiilon: Of a iptit'dr suldtivis: un of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, or the determination af hatdézs of Comaiua Stock estitled to

receive a dividend of other distributi.n payable it aii shares Of Cosmos: Stock hee
securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder threo to rece Sas)
additional shares of Common Stock (hetelnafter referted,ta as Conimon Stic equivalents”)

ita peyeent of any eonsieraton by SU hoe fo #8 ada shares of Comm avon Stock or
the Common Stock Equivalents (inchiding the additional shares 6 PCabessd Sow tata yp
conversion or exercise thercor), then, ss of sich reed die (0 the dat of: scat civigerss
distribution, split or subdivision If no record date ut issfixed the pp! ica:
Series A Preferred Stock, Series A-1 prefered Sisek wnt Series 8 Bretested Stoek shall
appropriately decreased so that the number of shiares Gf Common Stock tasusbite‘on conyersinn of
each share of Series A Preferred Stock, Setios A-liPts Preferred Stock ind Series B:Profesred Stock .
shall be increased in proportion to sach inctesss 3! otic adatoms of shares of Conon SOCK
outstanding and those issuable with respect-to guch Common Comimon Stock Equivalents with the naiber of

shares iseuable with respect to Common Stock E ivalen soon pte
mariner provided for deemed issuasie’s i Section i}(XB> 1 PME Teas

nats, Patan “ie tele ey a

(iv) If the mimber of shares i Se ~ aia ay.
time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combidatlon Of che outsisriding stisies of Commons.
Stock, then, following the record date of such; combination? the he 3 in pliabis Seri Seriés iA Comveeiia Reo

ek WE wether, “hha sag |

Price, Series A-I Conversion Price, and Series B'Conversiod Pr Passa eee

“Pan tot eee va ee '

so thatthe numberof shares of Common Stock isi ei Sve 2 2 each share Of sich Series S

7 ee eh “ace, WE, 5 ac, a # cy . ¥
itl decreased in proportion auch: decrease: ‘cuistending pad 4 he ee “we . cs pee ae .
shall be to mi arta oe Sea ee aovky a sy ae 2 Sen SEA: Bw”
auth ‘et Feat: ae see cw Fr a: se we pty a .
(¢) i. Tithe event the Corporat edie :
distrit:ution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtediiess issued’ by, the, os
mite Me ie , Ra SNe adie wt
. 9 rN C ee RteN aa eas a
Ab PontSfP AL BIUF AHI 15161_2 DOC (30591) Sy ty Heng set aah
se . ve a
eae igi ee v Pee
wet tere ory a ; 4 .
ae oem ; fae Rs ieee “ te. vee “he, " oe Fs ey
+ Bee *s ae v3 ‘27, sy ‘§ . 32 “S4 et ge bv oh . .
° wae ine ‘ iy : Oe! : wg, . ‘wD we a

Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) o7 options or rights not referred to in
Section 4(d\(ti), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(c), the holders of Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to a proportionale share of any such distribution as though they were the
holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holdets of

Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) i . [fat any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of
assets transactions provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or Section 2) provislons shall be made so
that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock the inumber of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or
otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been
entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the
application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of Preferred

’ Stock after the recapitalization to the ond that the provisions of this Section 4 including adjustment:
of the Conversion Prices then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion af the
Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that eveat and be as nearly equivalent a3 practicable.

(g)  Nolrpaitment. The Corporation wilt not, by amendment of its
Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,
censolidation, merger dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or
seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Corporation, but will at alt times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
- provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action a3 May D¢ ReCesdary Or appropriate in
order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

da No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of any
share or shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, Serles A-1 Preferred Stock and Serigs B Preferred:
Stock, and the number of shares of Cotimon Stock to be issued shall be rounded to the nearest
whole share (with one half being rounded upward). In lieu of any fractional shares which would
otherwise be issuable, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to the product of such fraction muttiplied
by the fir market value of one share of Common Stock on the date of conversion, a5 determined in
accordance with Section 2(¢Kii). Whether or not fractions! shares are Issuable upon such conversion
shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferved Stock the holder is at the
time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upoa such

sggregate conversion,

1h a

(il) res ustment of a Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock, Series Axl Proferred Stock or Series B Prefferréd Stock pursuant to this Section 4, tho
Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in, accordance
with the terms hereof, and prepare and furnish to each holder of Series A Proferred Stock, Series A-1
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock a certificate sétting forth such adjustment or

readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or teadjustment Is based.

ei.
CANrPertbhPAL IBQUPAHW2I5164_2.00C (29551)

The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any me of any holder of Series A Preferred
Stock, Series A-{ Preferred Stock, or Series B Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to
such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment (8) the Conversion
Prices of the Series A Preferred Stock, Seties A-1 Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock at the
time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of ofhet
property which at the time woutd be received upon the conversion ofa share of the Series A
Preferred Stock, Series Av | Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock.

"(Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Corporation
of a record of the holders of any class of securities for ihe purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than 4 cash dividend) or other distribution, any right
to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other
securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shalt mail to each holder of
_ Preferred Stock, at least 20 days prior to the date specified therein, 9 notice specifying the date on
which any such record is to be-taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the
attount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

(} Reservation of Stock

shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized
but unissued shares of Common Stock shalt not be suffictent to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other reanedies as shall be available to the
holder of such Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the
opinion of its counsel, be necessary to Increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
to such number of shares a5 shall be sufficient for such purposes, inchuding without limitation,
engaging ils best efforts to obtain the requisite sharchoider approval of any necessary amendment to
this Fifth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. oO oo,

(a) Except as otherwise expressty provided herein or by law, tlie holde: of
each share of Preferred Stock shall have the right to one vote for cach share of Common Stock into
which such Preferred Stock could then be converted, and with respext to such vote, such hoider shall
have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common
Stock, and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof; to ndtice:af any sharehokiers’
meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be exttitled to vote, togetiier
with holders of Common Stock, with respect to-any question upon whit holders of Cominon Stock
have the right to vote. Fractional votes shall not, however, be penniiited. nd any-freictlondl voting
tights available on an ae-converted basls (after aggregating ail stinres'into.whith shares of Preferred
Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the neatest whole. timber (with
one-half being rounded upward), . .

(b) ‘The holders of Serice B Preferred Stock, ‘voting as a separste olsss,
shall be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation's Board of Directors at cach meeting or

«tl- ; . Te
CNrPortshPALIBQUFAHM215161_2.00C (29531) . ;

pursuant to each consent of the Corporation's sharcholders for the election of directors. The halders
of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class, shall be entitled to elect one (1} member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at cach
meeting or pursuant to cach consent of the Corporation’s shareholders for the election of directors.
The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members
of the Corporation's Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Corporation's stockholders for the election of directors, The holders of Common Stock and
Preferred Stock, voting together as 4 single clags on an as converted basis, shall be entitled to elect
the remaining members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the Comporation’s shareholders for the election of directors.

(a) $0 tong as more than 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, reclassification, consolidation or
otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written conseat, as provided by law) of
_ the holders of at least majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting ss a separate
class: Co,

(i) enter into a definitive agreement to an event constituting, oF
otherwise constitute, a Liquidation Event; or .

, (li) amend or waive any provision of these Fifty Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation or amend the bytaws of the Corporation in a manner adverse to
the holders of Preferred Stock; or

Gi) ’ guthorize or issue, or obligate its<df to issue, any’, other equity
security, including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security having
any right, preference or privilege over, or being on a parity with, such Preferred Stock; or

(iv) alter or change the rights, prefercaces, privileges or restrictions
of the shares of such series so as to affect adversely the shares of stich Prefeered Stock; or

(v) increase or decrease the total nunber of authorized shares of
such Preferred Stock; or

(vi) take any action that results in ths redemption, regrrchase,
payment of dividetids of other distribution with respect to any shares of Common Stock (excluding
shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company pursuant to ayreements which permit the
Company to repurchase such shares at cost upon termingtion of servives to the Company or in
exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal upon a proposed tranufer); or

(vil) take any action that results in the taxation of holders of
Preferred Stock under Section 305 of the intemal Revenus Code. ss

(b) So long as more than 1,000,000 shéres of Series B Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, reclassification, consdlidation or

_+(2+
CAdsPondhPALIBIUPARW2 S161, 2. DOC (P35)

otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of
the holders of at Least majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a
separate class:

(i). amend or walve any provision of these Fifth Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation; or

(i} authorize or Issue, or obligate itself to issue, any, other equity
security, including eny other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security having
any right, preference or privilege over, or being on a parity with, such series; or

(iii) after or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the shares of such series, or otherwise; or :

{iv} cater into a definitive agreement to an event constiuting, or ,
‘otherwise constitute, a Liquidation Event; or

{v} take any action that results in the redemption, repurchase,
payment of dividends or other distribution with respect to,siny shares of Common Stock (exchuding
shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company pursuait to agreements which permit the
Company to repurchase such shares'st cost ipod terininiatiod of services to the Company or in
exercise of the Company’ sright of first efuaul upon a proposed wins)

vi) bias dra te bef enn of eB
Directors; of .

(vil) ab ny ti i it la tro
Preferred Stock under Section 305 of the Knsemal Reyeniie Code: a

ram

(vill) Take aivy-ncticn thiak jesulis fn tn de plbdge ox enciimbrance of

PAV Aw ttt

any ofthe oxsets ofthe Company ori the niaking of ey putas ihe ha the edly
course of business as approved by the Board of Directors; of. . t
ce) IS i
any series of Prefered Stock or Common S00 oa. ‘ ae is coe
. Status of Convexind Sock. iid ert ah ts ted Stoel
converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof the shares 36 coasted sal be ated ate pes
issuable by the Corporation. This Fifth éaid:Ammendod: Restated An kes of Incorporation BF th Phe
Corporation shall be appropriately mended to effec the comespinding reduction tt ib the" eee : wh

Corporation's authorized capital stock. - Tete "pee & ee sr eae ae oe 5 dpkes
1 . « “gg gue te % FAY ex 1 ¥, te 7 . 4
8

wg we, a ad a + rie Age ad . “hl,

8.  Reourchase‘of Shares. In conneétion connection wit a ma a fepurchianes at cost yt Phe: “ae
Coonan ls Common Se routs ae ah apo eh foiraioe camployens,” 3°57)".
Section 502 end $03 of the Catlftimnla Geacnal Cotporation Law * 06 apy ) ba erode Ge Oe in parte + re
wi respect to such repurchases. oo sia PRE TES Eee EER a
. 1 : wae afi atta ge kM ris Beh wry rad ivr ee * t ys
; : ty A see bisy ca aid Ped “t Clee Ps +

. gta AM: “aay I te
af SASSER Bon Sieger ve te
or

: get “pte & 2 a ai ’ >t

C:AMYPortPALEXAD AHMLISEG]_2.00C (99591) Date a Aang aes “5 Hogi Ea
1 a “ r r ar 4 aaa i

Ay BoB a Be oyetiett Eas 7 BS

a4

. ? gy ole _ *,

f : oak ¥ Barre an set ta? Baa WM w Seats yt

Cnet gt eo TORRE GS TE UN frosts “NF, sa RAs Tae

et ‘ ut . , rae Syre ao 2 ee vee! : Sey, Sree uh

(yo ope et a ’ a oe ER og. - 5,

ation. Wo. RF ane u f .¥

“ 0 eR tet vee yet ae Ree ee re ide Met Wet on

: a "om 1 gg s

A”
a
w*,
m wt
™, Fl
oe
hh
he
as
eek
ane
2
St
ae Pa
~
ire

9. Notice. Any notice required by the provisions of this Articis III(B) to be
given to the holders of shares Preferred Stock shali be deemed given three (3) diys after deposit in
tho U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or immediately upon transmission ofa facsimile (with confirmation
received), in each case addressed to each holder of record at his address or facsimile number

appearing cn the books of the Corporation.

(C) Common Stock.

I. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the
Corporation legally avallable therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

2, Liguidation Right. Upou the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation shall be
distributed as provided in Section 2 of Division (B) of this Article III.

3, Redertion. The Common Stock is not redecaiahle.

4, Voting Rights. The holder of esch share of Coniman Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be éntitied to riotice of any shareholders’ mécting in excordance with the

bylaws ofthe Corporation, and shall be entitled to Vote upon such inter ad in such tnamaer 2s
may be provided by the law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) The liability of the directors of the Corporation { for nonistery mocitery dignases ‘chall be
eliminated to the il eet poe te Cali same eet of may hereafter
be amended.

@®) The Corporion ui i a i i dt
Section 317 of the Califomia Corporstiins Code) for breach Of duty t0 the Corporation'ax! its
shareholders through bylaw provisions o¢throig {with the agent Gd: both, jin-excess of
the indemnification otherwise penniitied by. Ue een

to the Himits on such excess indenmnificetice ‘set: foeth: nie Sestron} 204
Code.

fart

sou! fog ray men

(C)__ Any amendment, repeal oF idl isn q' ios lady etna 6

by the shartholders of the Corporation shallinot jd vetaoh aff ct : re ore
or agent of the Corporation existirig at that-time of auch Dat

a4 a
eet ie

-f He a, ete gine wed fs ee Sree acne
: foregoing sinendntsiit “SeRnenD i. cS
this ena “ a nes i meet ce : ie Ree
: ran eae naan
g ameiidiniedit-w roctity Sai eirey ee
The foregoing es bi ieovediby the nigga of

number afshares of this Conran aes pied 1902 eid 903,08 the Califa
By 7 ae ee me oe Yen

GANPortbihPAL BAVFARMG1316]_2 DOC (9331)

“Gee .
Pe ages eS ork :
eae BO eid ae PO ae
4h art aT joe °

ate ky ai yay Se, “2
age Lage pee aoe ease
General Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect te
the foregaing amendment was 5,110,624 shares of Common Stock, 1,100,000 shares of Seties A
Preferred Stock, 4,259,390 shares of Series A-I Preferred Stock, and 8,000,000 'shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment oqualed or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was a tnajority of the outstanding
Common Stock voting as a single class, e majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock voting as a single class, a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock
voting as 4 single class, « majority of the outstanding stisres of Series B Preferred Stock voting as a
single class, and a mzjority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, Serles A Preferred Stock,

Series A+l Preferred Stock, and Series'B Preferred Stock voting together as a single class,
[remalrider' of page inteivionolly left blank}

hoe
arr Cy betas
Rae ae ee
LCR AE
we ee

ft

CANtPorthWPALIBIFAHMA15161_2. DOC (9945]) >. i Die

The cantfy under pensity of perjury under the laws of the Stata of California
that tise stated cot forth: fa this Certificate aro true and correct glodge.

Brovuted at Palo Alto, Califoenia, oa hinegdo,

Meteo te
Evan ALH att

at

Cy aoe

wet rae
1
y

in a

SRR Mag

i Rae Beane
Pte tke

t

esc

A a ON
AU fie aS te chy

a
+

Me + Buss ‘

