State of Delaware
_ Secre of State
Division of Co. rations

Delivered 08:46

02/12/2010

FILED 05:28 PM 02/11/2010
SRV 100132716 - 3735994 FILE

SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AWAREPOINT CORPORATION

Jason Howe hereby certifies that:

ONE: The name of this corporation is AwarePoint Corporation, the original name of
this corporation is AWP Acquisition Corporation and the date on which the Certificate of
Incorporaticn of this corporation was originally filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware was December 5, 2003.

TWO: He is the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of this corporation.

THREE: The Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this
corporation is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

I.

_ The name of this company is AWAREPOINT CORPORATION (the “Company” or the
“Corporation”).

i.

The address of the registered office of this Company in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Zip Code 19808, and
the name of the registered agent of this Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is
Corporation Service Company.

IH.

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”).

TV.

A, The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the
Company is authorized to issue is 230,167,470 shares. 95,000,000 shares of which shall be
Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) and 135,167,470 shares of which shall be Preferred
Stock (the “Preferred Stock”). The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share
and the Common Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share.

B. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or

decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Company entitled to vote (voting

669124 v6/SD , },
together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis) irrespective of the provisions of Scction
242(b)(2) of the DGCL.

Cc. 1,881,250 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Series A Preferred Stock” (the “Series A Preferred”). 4,504,151 of the authorized shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series B Preferred Stock” (the “Series B Preferred”).
4,504,151 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series B-]
Preferred Stock” (the “Series B-1 Preferred”). 14,220,374 of the authorized shares of Preferred
Stock are hereby designated “Series C Preferred Stock” (the “Series C Preferred”). 14,220,374
of the authorized Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series C-1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series
C-1 Preferred”). 33,918,585 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Series D Preferred Stock” (the “Series D Preferred”). 33,918,585 of the authorized shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series D-1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series D-1
Preferred”). 14,000,000 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Series E Preferred Stock” (the “Series E Preferred’). 14,000,000 of the authorized shares cf
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series E-] Preferred Stock” (the “Series E-1 Preferred”).
The Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series B-1] Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series C-1
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred
are collectively referred to herein as the “Series Preferred.” The Series D Preferred, Series D-1
Preferred, Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred are collectively referred to herein as the
“Senior Preferred.” The Serics A Preferred, Serics B Preferred, Series B-! Preferred, Series C
Preferred and Senes C-1 Preferred are collectively referred to herein as the “Junior Preferred.”
The Series B Preferred, Series B-] Preferred, Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred are
collectively referred to herein as the “Series B and C Preferred.” Shares of Series B-1 Preferred,
Series C-1 Preferred and Series D-1 Preferred shall only be issued by the Company upon the
conversion of shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred or Series D Preferred, respectively,
pursuant to Section (D)(5)(h)(vii) herein.

D. The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the
Series Preferred are as follows:

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

(a) The holders of Senior Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Junior Preferred and Common Stock, shail be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the
Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”), on a pari passu basis among such series, but
only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate. of: (i) 6% of the.
Series E Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series E
Preferred and Series E-] Preferred and (ii) 6% of the Series D Original Issue Price (as defined
below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series D Preferred and Series D-1 Preferred.
Such dividends shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board and shal] be non-
cumulative. Any partial payment of dividends will be made among the holders of the Senior
Preferred in proportion to the payment each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive. In the
event that any shares of Senior Preferred convert into another series of Senior Preferred pursuant
to the provisions hereof, any accrued dividends on the converted shares of Senior Preferred

660124 v6D 2.

through the date of such conversion shall carry forward and continue as accrued dividends on the
shares of the new series of Senior Preferred into which such shares are converted.

(b) After payment of dividends to the holders of Senior Preferred as set
forth in Section 1(a) above, the holders of Junior Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board, on a pari
passu basis among such series, but only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash
dividends at the rate of (i) 6% of the Series C Original Jssue Price (as defined below) per annum
on each outstanding share of Series C Preferred or Series C-} Preferred, (ii) 6% of the Series B
Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series B
Preferred or Series B-1 Preferred and (iii) 6% of the Series A Original Issue Price (as defined
below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred. Such dividends shall be
payable only when, as and if declared by the Board and shall be non-cumulative. No dividends
shall be declared on any series of Junior Preferred unless dividends are declared on all series of
Junior Preferred. Any partial payment of dividends pursuant to this Section !(b) will be made
among the holders of the Junior Preferred in proportion to the payment each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive. In the event that any shares of Junior Preferred convert into another
series of Junior Preferred pursuant to the provisions hereof, any accrued dividends on the
converted shares of Junior Preferred through the date of such conversion shall carry forward and
continue as accrued dividends on the shares of the new series of Junior Preferred into which such
shares are converted.

(c) The “Series E Original Issue Price” shall be $0.7143 (as adjusted
for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such
shares after the date upon which this Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is
accepted for filing by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the “Filing Date”)). The
“Series D Original Issue Price” shall be $0.3943 (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing
Date). The “Series C Original Issue Price” shall be $0.2405 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series B Original Issue Price” shall be $0.8914 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series A Original Issue Price” shall mean the cash price received or the
value of the other assets transferred in consideration for shares of Series A Preferred issued by
the Company, which (i) in the case of the 600,000 shares of Series A Preferred issued by the
Company prior to January 1, 2004 (and any share certificates issued or to be issued upon
reissuance or transfer of such shares), shall be $0.50 (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing
Date) and (ii) in the case of all shares of Series A Preferred issued by the Company on or after
January 1, 2004 (and any share certificates issued or to be issued upon reissuance or transfer of
such shares), shall be $0.80 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date).

{d) In the event dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock, the

Company shal] pay an additional dividend on all outstanding shares of Series Preferred in a per
share amount equal. (on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set

660124 v6/SD 3.
aside for cach share of Common Stock. If there are insufficient funds legally available to pay
such dividends on both the Common Stock and Series Preferred, holders of the Common Stock
and Series Preferred shall participate in such dividends on a pro rata, as-converted to Common
Stock basis.

(e) The provisions of Section 1(d) shall not apply to a dividend
payable solely in Common Stock to which the provisions of Section 5(f) hereof are applicable or,
for purposes of clarification, any repurchase of outstanding securities of the Company that is
approved pursuant to Section 2(b){iv) below. ‘

(f) California Code Sections 502 and 503 shall not apply with respect
to distributions on shares junior to the Series Preferred as they relate to repurchases of shares of
Common Stock upon termination of employment or service as a consultant or director.

2. VotTinG RIGHTS.

(a) General Rights. Each holder of shares of the Series Preferred
shall be (i) entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the
Company and (ii) shall De entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such shares of Series Preferred could be converted (pursuant to
Section 5 hereof) (A) immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such
meeting or {B) the effective time of such written consent. Except as otherwise provided herein or
as required by law, the Series Preferred shall vote together with the Common Stock at any annual -
or special meeting of the stockholders and not as a separate class, and may act by written conscnt
in the same manner as the Common Stock.

(b) Separate Vote of Series Preferred. For so long as at least
5,000,000 shares of Series Preferred (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split
or other similar event affecting the Series Preferred after the Filing Date) remain outstanding, in
addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the
holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding Series Preferred (voting together as a
single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) shall be necessary for effecting or
validating the following actions (whether by merger, recapitalization or otherwise):

(i) any alteration or change of the voting or other powers,
preferences, or other special rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series Preferred;

(ii) | any increase or decrease in the authorized number of shares
of Commen Stock or Preferred Stock;

(iii) any authorization or any designation, whether by
reclassification or otherwise, of any new class or series of stock or any other securities
convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series
Preferred in right of redemption, liquidation preference, voting or dividend rights or any increase
in the authorized or designated number of any such new class or series;

660124 v6/SD 4.
{iv) any redemption, retirement, repurchase, payment or
declaration of dividends or other distributions (directly or indirectly) with respect to Common
Stock or Preferred Stock (except for (A) (1) acquisition of Common Stock by the Company
pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase shares of Common Stock at
cost (or the lesser of cost and fair market value) upon termination of employment or services
with the Company or an affiliate of the Company, (2) acquisitions of Common Stock by the
Company in exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal to repurchase such shares and (C)
distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance with Sections 3 and 4 hereof and (B)
redemptions required by Section 6 hereof);

(v) entering into any agreement by the Company or its
stockholders regarding an Asset Transfer or Acquisition (each as defined in Section 4 hereof);

(vi) any voluntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company or any Deemed Liquidation Event;

(vii) any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company; or

(viii) any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Board.

(c) Election of Board of Directors.

(i) For so long as at least 5,000,000 shares of Series Preferred
remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split or similar event
affecting the Senior Preferred after the Filing Date) the holders of Series Preferred, voting
together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, shall be entitled to elect
four members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors (collectively, the
“Preferred Directors” and, individually, a “Preferred Director’).

(ii) | The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect one member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to cach consent of
the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such director
and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director.

(iii) | The holders of Common Stock and Scries Preferred, voting
together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, shall be entitled to clect all
remaining members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s
stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(iv) No person entitled to vote at an election for directors may
cumulate votes to which such person is entitled, unless, at the time of such election, the

660124 v6G/SD 5.
Company is subject to Section 2115 of the California General Corporation Law (“CGCL”).
During such time or times that the Company is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, every
stockholder entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate such stockholder’s votes
and give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected
. multiplied by the number of votes to which such stockholder’s shares are otherwise entitled, or
distribute the stockholder’s votes on the same principle among as many candidates as such
stockholder desires. No stockholder, however, shall be entitled to so cumulate such
stockholder’s votes unless (i) the names of such candidate or candidates have been placed in
nomination prior to the voting and (ii) the stockholder has given notice at the meeting, prior to
the voting, of such stockholder’s intention to cumulate such stockholder’s votes. If any
stockholder has given proper notice to cumulate votes, all stockholders may cumulate their votes
for any candidates who have been properly placed in nomination. Under cumulative voting, the
candidates receiving the highest number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, are
elected.

(v) During such time or times that the Company is subject to
Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, one or more directors may be removed from office at any time
without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote for that director as provided above; provided, however, that unless the
entire Board is removed, no individual director may be removed when the votes cast against such
director’s removal, or not consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient to elect that
director if voted cumulatively at an election in which the same total number of votes were cast
(or, if such action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to vote were voted) and the
entire number of directors authorized at the time of such director’s most recent election were then
being elected.

3. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

(a) Upon any Deemed Liquidation Event or any liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation
Event”), before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Preferred
or Common Stock, the holders of Senior Prefezted shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of
the Company legally available for distribution for each share of Senior Preferred held by them, an
amount per share of Senior Preferred equal to (a) in the case of the Series E Preferred and Series
E-1 Preferred, 1.5 times the Series E Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends
on such share of Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred and (b) in the case of the Series D
Preferred and Series D-1 Preferred, 1.5 times the Series D Original Issue Price plus all declared
and unpaid dividends on such share of Series D Preferred and Series D-1] Preferred. If, upon any
such Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to make payment in full
to all holders of Senior Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(a), then
such assets shall be distributed among the holders of Senior Preferred at the time outstanding,
ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled.

(b) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Senior

Preferred as set forth in Section 3(a) above, before any distribution or payment shall be made to
the holders of any Common Stock or Series A Preferred, the holders of Series B and C Preferred

660124 vGSD - 6.
shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution for
each such share of Series B and C Preferred held by them, an amount per share of Series B and C
Preferred equal to (a) in the case of the Series C Preferred and Series C-] Preferred, 1.5 times the
Scries C Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series C
Preferred or Series C-1 Preferred and (b) in the case of the Series B Preferred and Series B-]
Preferred, 1.5 times the Series B Original issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on
such share of Series B Preferred or Series B-] Preferred. If, upon any such Liquidation Event, the
assets of the Company shail be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series B and
C Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(b), then, subject to Section
3(a) above, such assets shall be distributed among the holders of Series B and C Preferred at the
time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be
respectively entitled.

(c) | After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Senior
Preferred and Series B and C Preferred as set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) above, before any
distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Common Stock, the holders of Series
A Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for
distribution for each share of Series A Preferred held by them, an amount per share of Series A
Preferred equal to the Series A Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on
such share of Series A Preferred. If, upon any such Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company
shal] be insufficient to make payment in full to al] holders of Series A Preferred of the liquidation
preference set forth in this Section 3(c), then, subject to Sections 3(a) and 3(b) above, such assets
shall be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in
proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled.

(d) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series
Preferred as set forth in Sections 3(a), 3(b) and 3(c) above, the remaining assets of the Company
legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common
Stock and Senior Preferred (on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) until such time as the
. holders of Senior Preferred have received pursuant to Section 3(a) above and pursuant to this
Section 3(d) an aggregate amount per share of Senior Preferred equal to (i) in the case of the
Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred, two times the Series E Original Issue Price plus all
declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Senes E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred; and
(ii) in the case of the Series D Preferred and Series D-1 Preferred, two times the Series D
Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series D Preferred or
Series D-1 Preferred; thereafter, the remaining assets of the Company legally available for
distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock.

4, ASSET TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION RIGHTS.

(a) In the event that the Company is a party to an Acquisition or Asset
Transfer (each as hereinafter defined), then each holder of Series Preferred or Common Stock
shall be entitled to receive, for each share of Series Preferred or Common Stock then held, out of
the proceeds of such Acquisition or Asset Transfer, the amount of cash, securities or other
property which such holder would be entitled to receive in a Liquidation Event pursuant to
Section 3 above (any such event, a “Deemed Liquidation Event”).

660124 ve/SD 7.
(b) For the purposes of this Section 4, unless the holders of (i) at Jeast
sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding Series Preferred (voting together as a single class on an
as-converted to Common Stock basis) and (ii) at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
Senior Preferred (voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis)
elect otherwise by written notice given to the Company at least 10 days prior to the effective date
of any such event: (i) “Acquisition” shall mean (A) any consolidation or merger of the Company
with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization,
other than any consolidation, merger or reorganization in which the stockholders of the Company
immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, continue to hold at least a
majority of the voting power of the surviving entity in substantially the same proportions (or, if
the surviving entity is a wholly owned subsidiary, its parent) as were held immediately after such
consolidation, merger or reorganization; or (B) any transaction or series of related transactions to
which the Company is a party in which in excess of 50% of the Company’s voting power is
transferred; provided that an. Acquisition shal! not include any transaction or series of
transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash is reccived by the
Company or any successor or indebtedness of the Company is cancelled or converted or a
combination thereof; and (ii) “Asset Transfer” shall mean a sale, lease, exclusive license or
other disposition of all or substantially-all of the assets or intellectual property of the Company.

(c) In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be
received is securities of a corporation or other property other than cash, its value will be deemed
its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board. Any securities shall be valued as
follows:

{i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability covered by (ii) below:

{A) If traded on a securities exchange, the value shal! be
_ deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such quotation system over the
30 day period ending three days prior to the closing;

(B) Jf actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall
be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the
30 day period ending three days prior to the closing; and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be
the fair market value thereof, as determined by the Board in good faith.

(ii) | The method of valuation of securities subjeci to investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of
a shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof, as determined by the Board in good faith.

(d) ‘In the case of a Deemed Liquidation Event, if any portion of the
consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation is placed into escrow and/or is

660124 v6SD 8.

payable to the stockholders of the Corporation subject to contingencies, the transaction
documents governing the Deemed Liquidation Event shal] provide that (a) the portion of such
consideration that is not placed in escrow and not subject to any contingencies (the “Initial
Consideration”) shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in
accordance with Section 3 above as if the Initial Consideration were the only consideration
payable in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event and (b) any additional consideration
which becomes payable to the stockholders of the Corporation upon release from escrow or
satisfaction of contingencies shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the
Corporation in accordance with Section 3 above after taking into account the previous payment
of the Initial Consideration as part of the same transaction. The result of this approach is that, for
certain transactions, the portion of the transaction consideration that is subject to an escrow or
other contingencies may be allocated disproportionately (or even exclusively) to the holders of
Common Stock.

5, CONVERSION RIGHTS.

The holders of the Series Preferred shall. have the following rights with
respect to the conversion of the Series Preferred into shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion
Rights”):

(a) Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 5, any shares of Series Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be
converted at any time into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number
of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled upon
conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the applicable “Series Preferred
Conversion Ratc”’ then in effect (determined as provided in Section 5(b)) by the number of shares
of Series Preferred being converted.

(b) Series Preferred Conversion Rate.

(i) Series A Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series A Preferred (the “Series A Conversion Rate’’)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the applicable Series A Original Issue Price by the
“Series A Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(i).

(ii) | Series B Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series B Preferred (the “Series B Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series B Original Issue Price by the “Series B
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5{c)(ii).

(iii) ~~ Series B-1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
trate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series B-1 Preferred (the “Series B-? Conversion
Rate’) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series B Original Issue Price by the “Series
B-1 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section S(c)(iil).

660124 v6/SD 9.
(iv) Series C Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series C Preferred (the “Series C Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series C Origina! Issue Price by the “Serics C
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(iv).

(v) Series C-1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series C-1 Preferred {the “Series C-I Conversion
Rate’) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series C Original Issue Price by the “Series
C-1 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(cXv).

(vi) | Series D Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series D Preferred (the “Series D Conversion Rate”)
shal be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series D Original Issue Price by the “Series D
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(vi).

(vii) Series D-1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series D-1 Preferred (the “Series D-1 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series D Original Issue Price by the “Series
D-1 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(vii).

{viii} Series E Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at eny time for conversion of the Series E Preferred (the “Series E Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series E Original Issue Price by the “Series E
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(viii).

(ix) Series E-1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series E-1 Preferred (the “Series E-1 Conversion
Rate’) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series E Original Issue Price by the “Series
E-1 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(ix).

(x) References to Conversion Rate. The Series A Conversion
Rate, the Series B Conversion Rate, the Series B-1 Conversion Rate, the Series C Conversion
Rate, the Series C-1 Conversion Rate, the Series D Conversion Rate, the Series D-1 Conversion .
Rate, the Series E Conversion Rate and the Series E-] Conversion Rate are collectively referred
to herein as a “Series Preferred Conversion Rate.”

(c) Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) Serics A Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series A Preferred shall initially be (a) in the case of the 600,000 shares of Series A Preferred
issued by the Company prior to January 1, 2004 (and any share certificates issued or to be issued
upon reissuance or transfer of such shares), $0.3557 (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing
Date) and (b) in the case of all shares of Series A- Preferred issued by the Company on or after
January 1, 2004 (and any share certificates issued or to be issued upon reissuance or transfer of
such shares), $0.4889 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations

660124 veSD 10,
and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date) (the “Series A Conversion Price”).
The Series A Conversion Price shall be subject to further adjustment from time to time in
accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series A Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series A Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(ii) | Series B Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series B Preferred shall initially be $0.5295 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date) (the “Series
B Conversion Price”). Such Series B Conversion Price shall be subject to further adjustment
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series B Conversion
Price herein shall mean the Series B Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(iii) | Series B-1 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series B-1 Preferred shall initially be the Series B Conversion Price (the “Series B-1 Conversion
Price”). Such Series B-1 Conversion Price shall be subject to further adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series B-1 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series B-1 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(iv) Series C Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series C Preferred shall initially be the Series C Original Issue Price (the “Series C Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series C Conversion Price shal] be subject to adjustment from time to time
in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series C Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series C Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(v) Series C-1 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series C-1 Preferred shall initially be the Series C Conversion Price (the “Series C-J Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series C-1 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series C-1 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series C-1 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(vi) Series D Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series D Preferred shall initially be the Series D Original Issue Price (the “Series D Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series D Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series D Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series D Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(vii) Series D-l Conversion Price. The conversion price for the

- Series D-1 Preferred shall initially be the Series D Conversion Price (the “Series D-I Conversion

Price”). Such initial Series D-1 Conversion Price shal! be subject to adjustment from time to

time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series D-1 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series D-1 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(viii} Series E Conversion Price. The conversion price for the

Series E Preferred shall initially be the Series E Original Issue Price (the “Series E Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series E Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time

660124 vé/SD 1],
in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series E Conversion Price herein shal]
mean the Series E Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(ix) | Series E-1 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series E-1 Preferred shall initially be the Series E Conversion Price (the “Series E-1 Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series E-1 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series E-1 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series E-1 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(x) References to Conversion Price. The Series A Conversion
Price, Series B Conversion Price, Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price, Series
C-1 Conversion Price, Senes D Conversion Price, Series D-1 Conversion Price Series E
Conversion Price and Series E-1 Conversion Price shall be collectively referred to herein as a
“Series Preferred Conversion Price.”

, (d) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series Preferred who
desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 5S shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Series Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Company at such
office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of shares of
Series Preferred being converted. Thereupon, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver at
such office to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder is entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient .
funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock’s fair
market value determined by the Board as of the date of such conversion), any declared and
unpaid dividends on the shares of Series Preferred being converted and (ii) in cash (at the
Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of conversion) the
value of any fractional share of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any holder of Series
Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made at the close of business on the
date of such surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Series Preferred to be
converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock
on such date. ,

(ec) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations, If at any time
or from time to time on or after the Filing Date the Company effects a subdivision of the
outstanding Common Stock without a corresponding subdivision of the Series Preferred, the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before that subdivision shall
be proportionately decreased. Conversely, if at any time or from time to time after the Filing
Date the Company combines the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares without a corresponding combination of the Series Preferred, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shal! be proportionately
increased. Any adjustment under this Section 5{e) shall become effective at the close of business

_ on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

660124 v6/SD 12.
( Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions.
If at any time or from time to time on or after the Filing Date the Company pays to holders of
Common Stock a dividend or other distribution in additional shares of Common Stock without a
corresponding dividend or other distribution to holders of Series Preferred, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance, as
provided below:

(i) The applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be
adjusted by multiplying the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a
fraction:

(A) _ the numerator of which is the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance, and

(B) the denominator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution;

(ii) | If the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution, the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close of business on such
record date and the number of shares of Common Stock shall be calculated immediately prior to
the close of business on such record date; and

(iii) If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such
record date and thereafter the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted
pursuant to this Section 5(f) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

(g) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, Substitution,

Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. Jf at any time or from time to time on or after the
_ Filing Date the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series Preferred is changed
into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an Acquisition or
Asset Transfer as defined in Section 4 or a subdivision or combination of shares or stock
dividend provided for elsewhere in this Section 5), in any such event each holder of Series
Preferred shall then have the right to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and
other securities and property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation or other change by holders of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
into which such shares of Series Preferred could have been converted immediately prior to such
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or change, all subject to further
adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or property by the terms
thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of Series Preferred after the

660124 v6/SD 13.
capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including adjustment of the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares issuable
upon conversion of the Series Preferred) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly
equivalent as practicable.

(bh) Sale of Shares Bclow Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) If at any time or from time to time on or after the Filing
Date the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this Section 5(h) to
have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined below), other than as
provided in Section 5(e), 5(f) or 5(g) above, for an Effective Price (as defined below) less than
the then effective Series Preferred Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred,
Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred or Series E Preferred, as applicable (a “Qualifying
Dilutive Issuance”), then and in each such case, the then effective Series Preferred Conversion
Price of the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred or
Series E Preferred, as applicable, shall be reduced, as of the opening of business on the date of
such issue or sale, to a price determined by multiplying such applicable Series Preferred
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale by a fraction equal to:

; (A) the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale, plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the Aggregate
Consideration (as defined below) received or deemed received by the Company for the total
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such then-existing
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price, and

(B) the denominator of which shal] be the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
‘jssue or sale plus the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.

For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A) the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding, (B) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the then
outstanding shares of Series Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediately preceding the given date, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which are
issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all other rights, options and convertible securities
outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given date. For purposes of clarification and
notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 5(h), no adjustment in the Series
B-! Conversion Price, the Series C-1 Conversion Price, the Series D-] Conversion Price or the
Series E-1 Conversion Price shal] be made in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of
Common Stock pursuant to this Section 5(h).

(ii) No adjustment shall be made to an applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price in an amount less than one cent per share. Any adjustment otherwise
required by this Section 5(h) that is not required to be made due to the preceding sentence shall
be included in any subsequent adjustment to the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price.

660124 v6/SD 14.
(iii) | For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section 5(h), the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of
securities (the “Aggregate Consideration”) shall be defined as: (A) to the extent it consists of
cash, the net amount of cash received by the Company after deduction of any underwriting or
similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the Company in
connection with such issue or sale and without deduction of any expenses payable by the
Company, (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, the fair value of that property
as determined in good faith by the Board, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock,
Convertible Securities (as defined below) or rights or options to purchase either Additional
Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or
securities or other assets of the Company for a consideration which covers both, the portion of
the consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board to be
allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or
options.

(iv) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this
Section 5h), if the Company issues or sells (x) Preferred Stock or other stock, options, warrants,
purchase rights or other securities convertible into, Additional Shares of Common Stock (such
convertible stock or securities being herein referred to as “Convertible Securities”) or (y) rights
or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and
if the Effective Price of such Additional Shares of Common Stock is less than the applicable
Series Preferred Conversion Price, in each case the Company shal] be deemed to have issued at
the time of the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number
of Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have
received as consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of
the consideration, if any, received by the Company for the issuance of such rights or options or
Convertible Securities plus:

(A) _ in the case of such rights or options, the minimum
amounts: of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such rights or
options; and

(8) in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion thereof (other
than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities);
provided that if the minimum amounts of such consideration cannot be ascertained, but are a
function of antidilution or similar protective clauses, the Company shall be deemed to have
received the minimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses.

(C) Ifthe minimum amount of consideration payable to
the Company upon the exercise or conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is
reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events other than by
reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective Price shall be recalculated using the figure to
which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced; provided further, that if the minimum
amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion of such rights,
options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price shall be again

660124 y6/SD . 15.
recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon
the exercise or conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities.

@) No further adjustment of the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price, as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible
_ Securities, shal] be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of-Common
Stock or the exercise of any such rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible
Securities. If any such rights or options or the conversion privilege represented by any such
Convertible Securities shal] expire without having been exercised, the applicable Series Preferred
Conversion Price as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities
shall be readjusted to the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price which would have been in
effect had an adjustment been made on the basis that the only Additional Shares of Common
Stock so issued were the Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on
the exercise of such rights or options or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and
such Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration
actually received by the Company upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually
received by the Company for the granting of all such rights or options, whether or not exercised,
plus the consideration received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually
converted, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Company (other than by
cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertibie Securities) on the
conversion of such Convertible Securities, provided that such readjustment shall not apply to
prior conversions of Series Preferred.

(v) For the purpose of making any adjustment to the applicable
Series Preferred Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred or Series E Preferred as required under this Section 5(h),
“Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean al) shares of Common Stock issued by the
Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to this Section 5(h) (including shares of Common
Stock subsequently reacquired or retired by the Company), other than:

{A) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
or as a dividend or distribution on the Series Preferred;

(B) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued after the Filing Date to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the
Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other
arrangements that are approved by the Board including the affirmative vote or written consent of
at least two (2) of the Preferred Directors;

(C) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the
exercise of Convertible Securities outstanding as of the Filing Date;

() shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities

issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition, strategic
alliance or similar business combination approved by the Board;

660124 v6/SD 16.
(FE) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement
or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board;

(F) any Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued
in connection with strategic transactions involving the Company and other entities, including
(i) joint ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution arrangements or (ii) technology
transfer or development arrangements; provided that the issuance of shares therein has been
approved by the Board;

(G) _ shares of Series E Preferred issued at the Closing
(as defined in the Series E Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated on or about the Filing Date
(the “Purchase Agreement”)), and shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of such
shares of Series E Preferred; and

(H) _ shares of Series B-1 Preferred, Series C-] Preferred,
Series D-1 Preferred or Serics E-1 Preferred.

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (v) above shall
mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to
this Section 5(h). The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the
quotient determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued
or sold, or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company under this Section S(h), into the
Aggregate Consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Company for such
issue under this Section 5(h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event that the
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the Effective Price cannot be ascertained at
the time of issuance, such Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be deemed issued
immediately upon the occurrence of the first event that makes such number of shares or the
Effective Price, as applicable, ascertainable. ,

{vi} In the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance
(the “First Dilutive Issuance”), then in the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance
other than the First Dilutive Issuance as a part of the same transaction or series of related
transactions as the First Dilutive Issuance (a “Subsequent Dilutive Issuance”), then and in each
such case upon a Subsequent Dilutive Issuance the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price
shall be reduced to the applicable Serics Preferred Conversion Price that would have been in
effect had the First Dilutive Issuance and each Subsequent Dilutive Issuance al! occurred on the
closing date of the First Dilutive Issuance.

(vii) (A) For purposes of this Section 5(h)(vii), the following
definitions shall apply:

(1) “Triggering Event” shall mean the issuance
by the Company, in a bona fide fundraising transaction, of Additional Shares of Common Stock

660124 va/SD 17.
with an Effective Price less than the Series E Conversion Price in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, provided, however, that the issuance of shares of Series E
Preferred pursuant to the Purchase Agreement shall not constitute a Triggering Event.

(2) “Participating Investor” shall mean any
holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred that
agrees to purchase at least its Pro Rata Share of a Triggering Event pursuant to this Section

5(h)(vii).

(3) “Pro Rata Rate” shall mean, with respect to
any holder of shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E
Preferred, the ratio expressed as a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such holder’s shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series
D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred are convertible as of immediately prior to a Triggering
Event, and the denominator of which is the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
of the Company (calculated assuming conversion and exercise of all Convertible Securities) as of
immediately prior to such Triggering Event.

(4) “Pro Rata Share” shal] mean, with respect
to a holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred
at the time of the occurrence of a Triggering Event, the product of the aggregate number of shares
issued in connection with such Triggering Event times such holder’s Pro Rata Rate.

(5)  ‘“Non-participating Investor” shail mean
any holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred
that is not a Participating Investor.

(B) In the event the Company proposes to undertake a
Triggering Event, it shall give each holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred and Series E Preferred a written notice (the “Issuance Notice”) of its intention,
describing the type of Additional Shares of Common Stock to be issued therein, the Effective
Price at which such Additional Shares of Common Stock are to be issued and the gencra] terms
upon which the Company proposes to effect such issuance. Each holder of Series B Preferred,
Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred shall, within 15 days from the
date the Issuance Notice is delivered, provide written notice to the Company that (i) such holder
of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred shal} be a
Participating Investor for the price and upon the terms specified in the Issuance Notice or (ii)
such holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred or Series E Preferred
shall be a Non-participating Investor. Any holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred,
Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred as to whom such written notice is not received by
the Company within such 15 day period shall be deemed to be a Non-participating Investor.

(C) In connection with any Triggering Event, all shares
of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred held by
each Non-Participating Investor shall be automatically converted immediately prior to the closing
of the applicable Triggering Event into an equal number of shares of Series B-1 Preferred, Series

660124 v&/SD 18.
C-1 Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred or Series E-] Preferred, as applicable. The Series B-1
Conversion Price, Series C-1 Conversion Price, Series D-1 Conversion Price or Series E-]
Conversion Price, as applicable, for any shares converted as the result of non-participation in a
Triggering Event shall be equal to the applicable Series B Conversion Price, Series C Conversion
Price, Series D Conversion Price or Series E Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
Triggering Event, and, for the avoidance of confusion, shall not be subject to further adjustment
pursuant to Section 5{h), but shall be subject to further adjustment pursuant to the remainder of
Section 5. Each Convertible Security exercisable for shares of Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred held by any Non-Participating Investor
shail automatically be converted into a Convertible Security (on identical terms) to purchase an
equal number of shares of Series B-1 Preferred, Series C-1 Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred or
Series E-1 Preferred, as applicable, on the same terms and for the same exercise price as
otherwise set forth in such Convertible Security.

(D) Upon the conversion of Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred held by a Non-participating Investor as
set forth herein, the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred and/or Scries E Preferred to be converted shall be converted automatically without any
further action by the holder of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such
shares are surrendered to the Comparly or its transfer agent; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Series B-]
Preferred, Series C-1 Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred and/or Series E-1 Preferred issuable upon
such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its
transfer agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that
- such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Company to indemnify the Company ‘from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic conversion of shares of Series B Preferred,
Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Serics E Preferred as described in this Section
5(h)(vii), the holders of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred and/or Series E
Preferred to be converted shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of
the Company or any transfer agent for the Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred and/or Series E Preferred, as applicable. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered
to such holder promptly at such office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate
or certificates, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Series B-] Preferred, Series
C-1 Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred into which such shares of Series B
Preferred, Serics C Preferred, Series D Preferred or Series E Preferred surrendered were
convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any declared and
unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d). In the event
that any shares of Series B-! Preferred, Series C-1 Preferred, Series D-] Preferred or Series E-1
Preferred are issued, concurrently with such issuance, the Company shal] use reasonable efforts
to take all such actions as may be required (including amending this Sixth Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation) to (i) create and reserve for issuance new series of Preferred Stock
equal in number to the number of shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred and/or Series E Preferred, as applicable, that remain outstanding immediately following

660124 v6/SD : 19.
the closing of the Triggering Event, such new series of Preferred Stock to be designated Series B-
2 Preferred Stock, Series C-2 Preferred Stock, Series D-2 Preferred Stock and/or Series E-2
Preferred Stock, as applicable, and to have rights, preferences and privileges identical to those
then applicable to the Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred or Series E
Preferred, as applicable, except that the Series Preferred Conversion Price for such shares of
Series B-2 Preferred Stock, Series C-2 Preferred Stock, Series D-2 Preferred Stock and/or Series
E-2 Preferred Stock once initially issued shall be equal to the applicable Series B Conversion
Price, Series C Conversion Price, Series D Conversion Price or Series E Conversion Price, as
applicable, in effect as of such issuance and (ii) amend the provisions of this subsection to
provide that any subsequent conversion of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred or Series E Preferred hereunder will be into shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, Series
C-2 Preferred Stock, Series D-2 Preferred Stock or Series E-2 Preferred Stock, as applicable.

(i) Certificate of Adjustment, In each case of an adjustment or
readjustment of the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price for the number of shares of
Common Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of the applicable Series Preferred, if
the applicable Series Preferred is then convertible pursuant to this Section 5, the Company, at its”
expense, shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the provisions hereof
and shall, upon request, prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and shall
mail such certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of applicable
Series Preferred so requesting at the holder’s address as shown in the Company’s books. The
certificate sha!] set forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which
such adjustment or readjustment is based, including a statement of (i) the consideration received
or deemed to be received by the Company for any Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or
sold or deemed to have been issued or sold, (ii) the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price
at the time in effect, (iii) the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock and (iv) the type
and amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the
applicable Serics Preferred. Failure to request or provide such notice shall have no effect on any
such adjustment.

(i) Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) any Acquisition (as defined
in Section 4) or other capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or
recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into any other corporation, or any Asset Transfer (as defined in Section 4), or any
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the Company
shall mail to each holder of Series Preferred at least 10 days prior 1o (x) the record date, if any,
specified therein; or (y) if no record date is specified, the date upon which such action is to take
effect (or, in either case, such shorter period approved by the holders of (1) at least a majority of
the outstanding Series Preferred, voting or consenting together as a single class on an as-
converted to Common Stock basis and (2) at least 60% of the outstanding Senior Preferred,
voting or consenting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) a
notice specifying, as applicable, (A) the date on which any such record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend or distribution and a description of such dividend or distribution,
(B)the date on which any such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer,

660124 v6/SD 20.
consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected to
become effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to be fixed as to when the holders of record of
Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock
(or other securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such Acquisition, .
reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution,
liquidation or winding up.

{k) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective applicable Series Preferred
Conversion Price, (A) at any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of (1) at least sixty
percent (60%) of the outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, voting together as a single class
on an as-converted to Common Stock basis and (2) at least a majority of the outstanding shares
of Senior Preferred, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis
- or (B) immediately upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer
and sale of Common Stock for the account of the Company in which (i) the per share price is
equa] to at least (A) $100,000,000 divided by (B) the total number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock of the Company (calculated assuming conversion and exercise of all outstanding
Convertible Securities) as of immediately prior to such public offering and (ii) the gross proceeds
to the Company (before taking into account underwriting discounts, commissions and fees) are at
least $30,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO”), Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and
unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d).

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of either of the events specified in
Section 5(k)(i) above, the outstanding shares of Series Preferred shall be converted automatically
without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Series
Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the
holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such
automatic conversion of the Series Preferred, the holders of Series Preferred shal] surrender the
certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the
Series Preferred. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such holder promptly at such
office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series Preferred
‘surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any
declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d).

q) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall

be issued upon conversion of Series Preferred. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions
thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series Preferred by a holder thereof

660124 v&/SD 21,
shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the
issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional
share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of one
share of Common Stock (as determined by the Board) on the date of conversion.

(m) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company
shall at a]! times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series Preferred,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series Preferred. If at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of al] then outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, the Company will take such corporate
action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to
such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(n) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5
shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (1) upon personal delivery to the party
to be notified, (ij) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal
business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five days after having
been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one day
after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with
verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at the address of
such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

(0) Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to
the issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series Preferred,
excluding any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series
Preferred so converted were registered.

6. REDEMPTION.

(4) | The Company shall be obligated to redeem the Scries Preferred as
follows:

(i) The holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Senior Preferred, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis,
may elect to require the Company, to the extent it may lawfully do so, to redeem all of the then
outstanding Senior Preferred held by them in three annual installments beginning not prior to the
fifth anniversary of the Filing Date (each a “Senior Preferred Redemption Date”); provided that
the Company shall receive at least 60 days prior to such the first such Senior Preferred
Redemption Date written notice of such election. The Company shall effect such redemptions on
each Senior Preferred Redemption Date by paying in cash in exchange for the shares of Senior
Preferred to be redeemed on such Senior Preferred Redemption Date a sum equal to (A) with

660124 v6/SD 22.
respect to shares of Series E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred, the Series E Original Issue Price
per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like
after the Filing Date) plus an amount equal to 6% per annum (calculated from the date of
issuance of such share (or, if applicable, the date of issuance of the share of Series E Preferred
subsequently converted into such share of Series E-1 Preferred pursuant to Section 5(h)(vii)
above)) of the Series E Original Issue Price, and (B) with respect to shares of Series D Preferred
or Series D-1 Preferred, the Series D Original Issue Price per share (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like after the Filing Date) plus an
amount equal to 6% per annum (calculated from the date of issuance of such share (or, if
applicable, the date of issuance of the share of Series D Preferred subsequently converted into
such share of Series D-1 Preferred pursuant to Section 5(h)(vii) above)) of the Series D Original
Issue Price. The total amount to be paid for the Senior Preferred to be redeemed pursuant to any
such redemption request from the holders of the Senior Preferred is hereinafter referred to as the
“Senior Preferred Redemption Price.” The number of shares of Senior Preferred that the
Company shall be required to redeem on any one Senior Preferred Redemption Date shall] be
equal to the amount determined by dividing (A) the aggregate number of shares of Senior
Preferred to be redeemed which are outstanding immediately prior to the Senior Preferred
Redemption Date by (B) the number of remaining Senior Preferred Redemption Dates (including
the Senior Preferred Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). Shares subject to
redemption pursuant to this Section 6(a)(i) shall be redeemed from each holder of Senior
Preferred electing redemption on a pro rata basis, based on the number of shares of Senior
Preferred then outstanding held by such electing holders.

(ii) The holders of at least 33-1/3% of the then outstanding
shares of Series B and C Preferred, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to
Common Stock basis, may elect to require the Company, to the extent it may lawfully do so, to
redeem all of the then outstanding Series B and C Preferred held by them in three annual
installments beginning not prior to the fifth anniversary of the Filing Date (each a “Series B and
C Preferred Redemption Date”), provided that the Company shal] receive at least 60 days prior
to the first such Series B and C Preferred Redemption Date written notice of such election;
provided, further, that the first Series B and C Preferred Redemption Date may not occur until
following the first Senior Preferred Redemption Date. The Company shall effect such
redemptions on each Series B and C Preferred Redemption Date by paying in cash in exchange
for the shares of Series B and C Preferred to be redeemed on such Series B and C Preferred
Redemption Date a sum equal to (a) in the case of the Series B Preferred or Series B-] Preferred,
the Series B Original Issue Price per share of Series B Preferred or Series B-1 Preferred (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like after the
Filing Date) plus an amount equal to 6% per annum (calculated from the date of issuance of such
share (or, if applicable, the date of issuance of the share of Series B Preferred subsequently
converted into such share of Series B-1 Preferred pursuant to Section 5(h)(vii) above)) of the
Series B Original Issue Price and (b) in the case of the Series C Preferred or Series C-1 Preferred,
the Series C Original Issue Price per share of Series C Preferred or Series C-1 Preferred (as
adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like after the
Filing Date) plus an amount equal to 6% per annum (calculated from the date of issuance of such
share (or, if applicable, the date of issuance of the share of Series C Preferred subsequently

660124 v6/SD 23.
converted into such share of Series C-1 Preferred pursuant to Section S(h)(vii) above)) of the
Series C Original Issue Price. The total amount to be paid for the Series B and C Preferred to be
redeemed pursuant to any such redemption request from the holders of the Series B and C
Preferred is hereinafter referred to as the “Series B and C Preferred Redemption Price.” The
number of shares of Series B and C Preferred that the Company shal] be required to redeem on
any one Series B and C Preferred Redemption Date shall be equal to the amount determined by
dividing (A) the aggregate number of shares of Series B and C Preferred to be redeemed which
are outstanding immediately prior to the Series B and C Preferred Redemption Date by (B) the
number of remaining Series B and C Preferred Redemption Dates (including the Series B and C
Preferred Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). Shares subject to redemption
pursuant to this Section 6(a)(ii) shall be redeemed from each holder of Series B and C Preferred
electing redemption on a pro rata basis, based on the number of shares of Series B and C
Preferred then outstanding held by such electing holders.

(iii) The holders of at least 33-1/3% of the then outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred, voting as a separate class, may elect to require the Company, to the
extent it may lawfully do so, to redeem all of the then outstanding Series A Preferred held by
them in three annual instalJments beginning not prior to the fifth anniversary of the Filing Date
(each a “Series A Redemption Date” and, together with a Senior Preferred Redemption Date and
a Series B and C Preferred Redemption Date, a “Redemption Date”); provided that the Company
shall receive at least 60 days prior to such the first such Series A Redemption Date written notice
of such election; provided, further, that the first Series A Redemption Date may not occur until
following the first Senior Preferred Redemption Date and the first Series B and C Preferred
Redemption Date. The Company shall effect such redemptions on each Series A Redemption
Date by paying in cash in exchange for the shares of Series A Preferred to be redeemed on such
Series A Redemption Date a sum equal to the Series A Original Issue Price per share of Series A
Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like
after the Filing Date) plus an amount equal to 6% per annum (calculated from the date of
issuance of such share) of the Series A Original Issue Price. The total amount to be paid for the
Series A Preferred to be redeemed pursuant to any such redemption request from the holders of

_the Series A Preferred is hereinafter referred to as the “Series A Redemption Price” (and,
together with the Senior Preferred Redemption Price and the Series B and C Redemption Price,
the “Redemption Price”). The number of shares of Series A Preferred that the Company shall be
required to redeem on any one Series A Redemption Date shal! be equal to the amount
determined by dividing (A) the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred to be redeemed
which are outstanding immediately prior to the Series A Redemption Date by (B) the number of
remaining Series A Redemption Dates (including the Series A Redemption Date to which such
calculation applies). Shares subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 6(a)(iii) shal! be
redeemed from each holder of Series A Preferred electing redemption on a pro rata basis, based
on the number of shares of Series A Preferred then outstanding held by such electing holders.

(iv) At least 30 days but no more than 60 days prior to the first
applicable Redemption Date, the Company shall send a notice (a “Redemption Notice”) to all
holders of Series Preferred to be redeemed setting forth (A) the applicable Redemption Price for
the shares to be redeemed; and (B) the place at which such holders may obtain payment of the
applicable Redemption Price upon surrender of their share certificates.

660124 v&s/SD 24.
(v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this
Section 6, in the event that the Company is unable pursuant to applicable law to redeem in full all
of the outstanding shares of Senior Preferred to be redeemed on any Senior Preferred
Redemption Date, (i) the shares not redeemed shall be redeemed by the Company as provided in
this Section 6 as soon as practicable after funds are legally available therefor, (ii) the holders of
Senior Preferred to be redeemed shall share ratably in any funds available for redemption on the
applicable Senior Preferred Redemption Date and (iii) no funds shall be used for the redemption
of any shares of Junior Preferred or other stock of the Company until such time as all shares of
Senior Preferred to be redeemed on such Senior Preferred Redemption Date have been redeemed.
At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Company are available by law for the
redemption of the Senior Preferred, such funds shal! be used to redeem the balance of such
shares, or such portion thereof for which funds are available, on the basis set forth above.

(vi) Subject to the redemption of the Senior Preferred and the
payment in full of the aggregate Senior Preferred Redemption Price at each Senior Preferred
Redemption Date as contemplated by subsection (v) above, in the event that the Company is
unable pursuant to applicable law to redeem in full all of the outstanding shares of Series B and
C Preferred to be redeemed on any Series B and C Preferred Redemption Date, (i) the shares not
redeemed shall be redeemed by the Company as provided in this Section 6 as soon as practicable
after funds are legally available therefor and (ii) the holders of Series B and C Preferred to be
redeemed shall share ratably in any funds available for redemption on the applicable Series B and
C Preferred Redemption Date. Subject to section (v) above, at any time thereafter when
additional funds of the Company are available by law for the redemption of the Series B and C
Preferred, such funds shall be used to redeem the balance of such shares, or such portion thereof
for which funds are available, on the basis set forth above.

(vii) Subject to the redemption of the Senior Preferred and the
Series B and C Preferred and the payment in full of the aggregate Senior Preferred Redemption
Price at each Senior Preferred Redemption Date as contemplated by subsection (v) above and the
payment in full of the aggregate Series B and C Preferred Redemption Price at each Series B and
C Preferred Redemption Date as contemplated by subsection (vi) above, in the event that the
Company ts unable pursuant to applicable law to redeem in full all of the outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred to be redeemed on any Series A Redemption Date, (i) the shares not redeemed
shall be redeemed by the Company as provided in this Section 6 as soon as practicable after
funds are legally available therefor and (ii) the holders of Series A Preferred to be redeemed shal!
share ratably in any funds available for redemption on the applicable Series A Redemption Date.
Subject to sections (v) and (vi) above, at any time thereafter when additional funds of the
Company are available by law for the redemption of the Series A Preferred, such funds shall be
used to redeem the balance of such shares, or such portion thereof for which funds are available,
on the basis set forth above.

(b) On or prior to the first applicable Redemption Date, the Company
shall deposit the applicable Redemption Price of all shares to be redeemed with a bank or trust
company having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of $100,000,000, as a trust fund, with
irrevocable instructions and authority to the bank or trust company to pay, on and after such
applicable Redemption Date, the applicable Redemption Price of the shares to their respective

660124 v6/SD 25.
holders upon the surrender of their share certificates. Any moneys deposited by the Company
pursuant to this Section 6(b) for the redemption of shares thereafter converted into shares of
Common Stock pursuant to Section 5 hereof no later than the fifth day preceding the applicable
Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company forthwith upon such conversion. The
balance of any funds deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 6(b) remaining
unclaimed at the expiration of one year following such applicable Redemption Date shall be
returned to the Company promptly upon its written request.

(c) | Onor after each such applicable Redemption Date, each holder of
shares of Series Preferred to be redeemed shall surrender such holder’s certificates representing
such shares to the Company in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice,
and thereupon the applicable Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the
person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each
surrendered certificate shall be canceled. In the event less than all the shares represented by such
certificates are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares.
From and after such applicable Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in
payment of the applicable Redemption Price or the Company is unable to pay the applicable
Redemption Price due to not having sufficient legally available funds, all rights of the holder of
such shares as holder of Series Preferred (except the right to receive the applicable Redemption
Price without interest upon surrender of their certificates), shall cease and terminate with respect
to such shares; provided that in the event that shares of Series Preferred are not redeemed due to
a default in payment by the Company or because the Company does not have sufficient legally
available funds, such shares of Series Preferred shall remain outstanding and shall be entitled to
all of the rights and preferences provided herein until redeemed.

(d) In the event of a call for redemption of any shares of Series
Preferred, the Conversion Rights (as defined in Section 5) for such Series Preferred shall
terminate as to the shares designated for redemption at the close of business on the last business
day preceding the applicable Redemption Date, unless default is made in payment of the
applicable Redemption Price. ,

7. No REISSUANCE OF SERIES PREFERRED.

No shares of Series Preferred acquired by the Company by reason of redemption,
purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.

Vv.

A. The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable law.

B. The Company is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in
Section 317 of the CGCL) for breach of duty to the Company and its stockholders through bylaw
provisions or through agreements with the agents, or through stockholder resolutions, or
otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the CGCL,

660124 v6/SD 26.
subject, at any time or times that the Company is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, to the
limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the CGCL.

C. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Company,
and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Company, of its directors
and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:

D. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Company
shall be vested in its Board. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board
shall be fixed by the Board in the manner provided in the Bylaws, subject to any restrictions
which may te set forth in this Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

BE. The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the
Bylaws of the Company, subject to any restrictions which may be set forth in this Sixth Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The stockholders shall also have the power to adopt,
amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Company, subject to any restrictions which may be set forth in
this Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; provided however, that, in
addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Company required by law
or by this Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the
capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class, shal] be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws
of the Company.

F. — The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

**e +

FOUR: This Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the Board of Directors of this corporation.

FIVE: This Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was
approved by the holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accordance with
Section 228 of the DGCL. This Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has
been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL by
the stockholders of this corporation.

{REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

660124 v6é/SD 27.
In Wriness WHEREOR, AWAREPOINT CORPORATION has caused this Sixth Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its Chief Executive Officer this sm day
of. te  , 2010.

(SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION]
State of Delaware
, Secre of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 08:46 AM 02/12/2010
FILED 05:28 PM 02/11/2010
SRV 100132716 - 3735994 FILE

STATE OF DELAWARE

WAIVER OF REQUIREMENT
FOR AFFIDAVIT OF EXTRAORDINARY CONDITION

It appears to the Secretary of State that an earlier effort to deliver this instrument and
tender such taxes and fess was made in good faith on the file date stamped hereto. The
Secretary of State has determined that an extraordinary condition (as reflected in the
records of the Secretary of State) existed at such date and time and that such earlier effort
was unsuccessful as a result of the existence of such extraordinary condition, and that
such actual delivery and tender were made within a reasonable period (not to exceed two
business days) after the cessation of such extraordinary condition and establishes such
date and time as the filing date of such instrument.

Jeffrey W. Bullock
Jeffrey W. Bullock

Secretary of State
