State of Delaware

. Secretary of State
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION Division of Corporations
OF Delivered 02:28 PM 12/05/2003

y FILED 02:27 PM 12/05/2003
AWP ACQUISITION CORPORATION SRV 030781760 — 3735994 FILE

(a Delaware corporation)

ARTICLE I.

The name of this corporation is AWP Acquisition Corporation (the “Corporation”.

ARTICLE I.

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19808. The

name of the registered agent at that address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE III.

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV.

The name and mailing address of the Corporation’s incorporator is Joseph C. Baker, 1010
Obve Avenue. Coronado, California. 92118.

ARTICLE V.

A. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common Stock”), The
total pumber of shares of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is Ninety
Million (90,000,000). The total number of shares of Preferred Stock this Corporation shall have
authonty to issue is Twenty Million (20,000,000). The total number of shares of Common Stock
this Corporation shall have authority to issue 1s Seventy Million (70,000,000). The Preferred
Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share and the Common Stock shall have a par value of
$0,001 per share.

B. The Preferred Stock shall be divided into series. The first series shall consist of
Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares and is designated “Series A Preferred Stock.”

C The powers, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other matters relating to the
Series A Preferred Stock are as follows:

106349552 DOC
1. Dividends.

a. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive dividends at the rate of $0.002 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares) per annum, respectively, payable out of funds
legally available therefor. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the
Board of Directors and shall be non-cumulative.

b. In the event the Corporation shall declare a distribution payable in
securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons,
assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights to purchase any such securities or
evidences of indebtedness, then, in each such case the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation into which their shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record
date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to
receive such distribution.

2. Liquidation Preference.

a. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus
funds of the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership
thereof, the amount of $0.05 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or
splits with respect to such shares), respectively, plus all accrued or declared but unpaid dividends
on such share for each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them. The Series A
Preferred Stock shall rank on a parity as to the receipt of the respective preferential amounts for
each such series upon the occurrence of such event. If upon the occurrence of such event, the
assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amount, then
the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

b. After payment to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of the
amounts set forth in Section C.2(a) above, the entire remaining assets and funds of the
Corporation legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed among the holders of
the Common Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the shares of Common
Stock then held by them and the shares of Common Stock which they then have the right to
acquire upon conversion of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them.

c. For purposes of this Section C.2, (1) any acquisition of the
Corporation by means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization in which outstanding
shares of the Corporation are exchanged for securities or other consideration issued, or caused to
be issued, by the acquiring corporation or its subsidiary (other than a mere reincorporation
transaction) in which the pre-merger valuation of the Corporation is less than $0.25 per share on

10349552.DOC 2.

a fully diluted basis or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, shall
be treated as a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation and shall entitle the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock to receive at the closing in cash, securities or other property
(valued as provided in Section C.2(d) below) amounts as specified in Section C.2(a) above.

d. Whenever the distribution provided for in this Section C.2 shail be
payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution shall be the fair
market value of such securities or other property as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

3. Redemption. The Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights; Directors. Each holder of shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
into which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock could be converted and shall have voting
rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the Common Stock (except as
otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law, voting together with the Common
Stock as a single class) and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance
with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any
fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which
shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to
the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward). Each holder of Common Stock
shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock held.

5. Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

a. Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such
share of Series A Preferred Stock, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such
stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing $0.025 (the “Original Series A Issue Price”) by the Conversion Price
applicable to such share, determined as hereinafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate
is surrendered for conversion. The price at which shares of Common Stock shall be deliverable
upon conversion of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Conversion Price”’)
shall initially be the Original Series A Issue Price. Such initial Series A Conversion Price shall
be adjusted as hereinafter provided.

b. Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
shali automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the then-effective Series A
Conversion Price, upon the earlier of (i) the date specified by written consent or agreement of
holders of at least a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding, or
(ii) immediately upon the closing of the sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock in a firm
commitment, underwritten public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”) other than a registration relating solely to a transaction under
Rule 145 under such Act (or any successor thereto) or to an employee benefit plan of the
Corporation, at a public offering price (prior to underwriters’ discounts and expenses) equal to or

10349552.D0C 3.

exceeding $10.00 per share of Common Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations or splits with respect to such shares) and the aggregate proceeds to the Corporation
and/or any selling stockholders (after deduction for underwriters’ discounts and expenses
relating to the issuance, including without limitation fees of the Corporation’s counsel) of which
exceed $7,500,000.

Cc. Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Before any holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder shail surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any
transfer agent for such stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that
such holder elects to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in which such
holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such
holder of Series A Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be
deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all
purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

Gi) If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten
offering of securities pursuant to the Securities Act, the conversion may, at the option of any
holder tendering shares of Series A Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the
closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in which event
the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred Stock until immediately
prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

d. Adjustments to Series A Conversion Price for Certain Diluting

Issues.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section C.5(d),
the following definitions apply:

(a) “Options” shall mean rights, options, or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities
(defined below).

(b) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the date on which
a share of Series A Preferred Stock was first issued.

(c) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock) or other
securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

10349552.D0C 4.
(d) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean
all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section C.5(d)(iii), deemed to be issued) by
the Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable:

(1) upon conversion of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock;

(2) to officers, directors or employees of, or
consultants to, the Corporation pursuant to stock option or stock purchase plans or agreements on
terms approved by the Board of Directors;

(3) as a dividend or distribution on Series A
Preferred Stock;

(4) for which adjustment of the Series A
Conversion Price is made pursuant to Section C.5(e); or

(5) in connection with the acquisition of
AwarePoint Corporation, whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition or otherwise.

(ii) | No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein
to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment in the Series A Conversion Price shall be made in

respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the consideration per share
(determined pursuant to Section C.5(d)(v) hereof) for an Additional Share of Common Stock
issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the Series A Conversion Price in
effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue.

(iii) | Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In
the event the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall
issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of
holders of any class of securities then entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible
Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto
without regard to any provisions contained therein designed to protect against dilution) of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible
Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall
be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in
case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date,
provided further that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed
to be issued:

(a) no further adjustments in the Series A Conversion
Price shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common
Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities;

(b) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration

10349552.D0C 5.

payable to the Corporation, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the Series A Conversion Price computed upon the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming
effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or
the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities (provided, however, that
no such adjustment of the Series A Conversion Price shall effect Common Stock previously
issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock);

(c) upon the expiration or termination of any such
Options or Convertible Securities, or the termination or expiration of any rights to convert or
exchange the Convertible Securities, the Series A Conversion Price, to the extent in any way
affected by or computed using such Options or Convertible Securities shall be recomputed to
reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or
exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise of such
Options or upon the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(d) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) or (3) above
shall have the effect of increasing the Series A Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the
lower of (a) the Series A Conversion Price on the original adjustment date, or (b) the Series A
Conversion Price that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common
Stock between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of

Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event this Corporation, at any time after the
Original Issue Date shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares
of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section C.5(d)(iii)) without consideration or
for a consideration per share less than the Series A Conversion Price in effect on the date of and
immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, the Series A Conversion Price shall be
reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by
multiplying such Series A Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number
of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for
the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance, and the denominator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus
the number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued. For the purpose of the above
calculation, the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue
shall be calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock and all
Convertible Securities had been fully converted into shares of Common Stock and any
outstanding warrants, options or other rights for the purchase of shares of stock or convertible
securities had been fully exercised (and the resulting securities fully converted into shares of
Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such date.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this

Section C.5(d), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

10349552.D0C 6.
(a) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(1) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at
the aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or accrued dividends;

(2) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith
by the Board; and

(3) in the event Additional Shares of Common
Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed
as provided in clauses (A) and (B) above, as determined in good faith by the Board.

(b) Options and Convertible Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock

deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section C.5(d)(iti), relating to Options and Convertible
Securities shall be determined by dividing

(1) the total amount, if any, received or
receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible
Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein designed to
protect against dilution) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities by

(2) the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein designed to protect against the dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

e. Adjustments to Conversion Prices for Stock Dividends and for
Combinations or Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that this Corporation at any time

or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall declare or pay, without consideration, any
dividend on the Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common
Stock for no consideration, or shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification or
otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common
Stock), or in the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or
consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock,
then the Series A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such event shall, concurrently
with the effectiveness of such event, be proportionately decreased or increased, as appropriate.

In the event that this Corporation shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the
Common Stock payable in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration then the

10349552.DOC 7.
Corporation shall be deemed to have made a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of
shares equal to the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire
Common Stock.

f. Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be changed into

the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for in Section C.5(e) above or a merger or other reorganization referred to in

Section C.2(c) above), the Series A Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be proportionately adjusted so that the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into, in lieu of the number of shares of Common
Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive, a number of shares of
such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock that
would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock immediately before that change.

g. No Impairment. Subject to the right of this Corporation to amend
its Certificate of Incorporation or take any other corporate action upon obtaining the necessary
approvals required by its Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, this corporation will
not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms to be observed or performed hereunder by this Corporation, but will at all times in good
faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such
action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the
holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

h. Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the Series A Conversion Price pursuant to this Section C.5, the
Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock a certificate executed by the Corporation’s President or Chief Financial Officer setting
forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time
of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Series A Conversion Price
at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of
other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock.

i. Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall
propose at any time: (i) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, whether
in cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or
not out of earnings or earned surplus; (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any
class or series of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights;

(iii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock outstanding involving

10349552.DOC 8.
a change in the Common Stock; or (iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other
corporation, or sell, lease or convey all or substantially all of its assets, or to liquidate, dissolve
or wind up;

Then, in connection with each such event, the Corporation shall
send to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock: (1) at least twenty (20) days prior written notice
of the date on which a record shail be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights
(and specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for
determining rights to vote, if any, in respect of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above; and
(2) in the case of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above, at least twenty (20) days prior
written notice of the date when the same shall take place (and specifying the date on which the
holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities or
other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event).

j. Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other
taxes that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on
conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the
Corporation shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested
by any holder in connection with any such conversion.

k. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common

Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to
effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock; and if at any time
the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect
the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation
will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purpose, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite
stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Certificate.

1. Fractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon the
conversion of any share or shares of Series A Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock
(including fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series A
Preferred Stock by a holder thereof shail be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the
conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned
aggregation, the conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common
Stock, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder otherwise
entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair market value of such fraction on the date
of conversion (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors).

m. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section C.5
to be given to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shali be deemed given if
deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at
his address appearing on the books of the Corporation.

10349552.D0C 9.
(Note: Have you determined if you want/need protective provisions for the Series A (in addition
to what the DGCL provides? I have included some standard protective provisions below for
your review. ]

6. Restrictions and Limitations.

a. So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain
outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the vote or written consent by the holders of at
least a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock:

(i) Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose), any of the Common Stock, provided, however, that
this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees,
officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the Company or any
subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the Company has the option to repurchase such
shares at cost upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment;

(ii) | Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other
equity security (including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security)
senior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend rights or redemption
rights or liquidation preferences;

(iii) Effect any sale, lease, assignment, transfer, or other
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, or
any consolidation or merger involving the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, or any
reclassification or other change of any stock, or any recapitalization of the Corporation;

(iv) Increase or decrease (other than by redemption or
conversion) the total number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock; or

(v) Amend its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws to
adversely affect any of the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock.

ARTICLE VI.

A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability
(i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for
acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived any improper personal
benefit. If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is amended after approval by
the stockholders of this Article to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the
personal liability of directors then the liability of a director of the corporation shall be eliminated
or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware as so amended.

10349552.D0C 10.
Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article VI by the
stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of
the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE VII.

The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by
statute, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

ARTICLE VIII.

Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation
shall so provide.

ARTICLE IX.

The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors of the
Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by, or in the manner provided in, the Bylaws of the
Corporation or in an amendment thereof duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation or by the stockholders of the Corporation.

ARTICLE X.

Meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be held within or without the State of
Delaware, as the Bylaws of the Corporation may provide. The books of the corporation may be
kept (subject to any provision contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such
place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE XI.

Except as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation, in furtherance and not
in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is
expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or all of the Bylaws of the
Corporation. The Corporation reserves the right to adopt, repeal, rescind or amend in any respect
any provisions contained in this Certificate of Incorporation in the manner now or hereafter
prescribed by applicable law, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject
to this reservation.

10349552.D0C 11.
JN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Certificate of Incorporation

this day of December, 2003.

10349552[1]
