State of Delaware
Secreta. of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 05:21 PM 11/13/2014
FILED 05:13 PM 11/13/2014
SRV 141408731 - 3735994 FILE

NINTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AWAREPOINT CORPORATION

Tim Roche hereby certifies that:

ONE: The name of this corporation is AwarePoint Corporation, the original name of
this corporation is AWP Acquisition Corporation and the date on which the Certificate of
Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware was December 5, 2003. .

TWO: He is the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of this corporation.

THREE: The Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this
corporation is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

L.

The name of this company is AWAREPOINT CORPORATION (the “Company” or the
“Corporation”’).

il.

The address of the registered office of this Company in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Zip Code 19808, and
the name of the registered agent of this Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is
Corporation Service Company.

TE.

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”).

IV.

A. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the
Company is authorized to issue is 884,215,154 shares, 395,000,000 shares of which shall be
Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) and 489,215,154 shares of which shall be Preferred
Stock (the “Preferred Stock”). The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share
and the Common Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share.

B. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Company entitled to vote (voting

110927129 v4
together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis) irrespective of the provisions of Section
242(b)(2) of the DGCL.

C. 150,000,000 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Series 1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series I Preferred”). 1,881,250 of the authorized shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series A Preferred Stock” (the “Series A Preferred”).
4,504,151 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series B Preferred
Stock” (the “Series B Preferred”). 4,504,151 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are
hereby designated “Series B-1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series B-1 Preferred”). 14,220,374 of the
authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series C Preferred Stock” (the
“Series C Preferred”). 14,220,374 of the authorized Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Series C-1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series C-1 Preferred”). 33,918,585 of the authorized shares
of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series D Preferred Stock” (the “Series D Preferred”).
33,918,585 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series D-1
Preferred Stock” (the “Series D-1 Preferred”). 19,205,052 of the authorized shares of Preferred
Stock are hereby designated “Series E Preferred Stock” (the “Series E Preferred”). 19,205,052
of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series E-1 Preferred Stock”
(the “Series E-1 Preferred”). 76,213,015 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby
designated “Series F Preferred Stock” (the “Series F Preferred”). 600,000 of the authorized
shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series F-1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series F-1
Preferred”). 1,281,250 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series
F-2 Preferred Stock” (the “Series F-2 Preferred”). 4,504,151 of the authorized shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “‘Series F-3 Preferred Stock” (the “Series F-3 Preferred”).
14,220,374 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series F-4
Preferred Stock” (the “Series F-4 Preferred’). 76,213,015 of the authorized shares of Preferred
Stock are hereby designated “Series F-5 Preferred Stock” (the “Series F-5 Preferred”). 600,000
of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series F-6 Preferred Stock”
(the “Series F-6 Preferred”). 1,281,250 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby
designated “Series F-7 Preferred Stock” (the “Series F-7 Preferred”). 4,504,151 of the
authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series F-8 Preferred Stock” (the
“Series F-8 Preferred”). 14,220,374 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby
designated “Series F-9 Preferred Stock” (the “Series F-9 Preferred”). The Series | Preferred,
Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series C-]
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred,
Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred, Series F-4
Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred
and Series F-9 Preferred are collectively referred to herein as the “Series Preferred.” The Series
D Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series F Preferred,
Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred, Series F-4 Preferred, Series F-5
Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred and Series F-9
Preferred are collectively referred to herein as the “Senior Preferred.” The Series A Preferred,
Series B Preferred, Series B-1 Preferred, Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred are
collectively referred to herein as the “Junior Preferred.” The Series B Preferred, Series B-1]
Preferred, Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred are collectively referred to herein as the
“Series B and C Preferred.” Shares of Series B-1 Preferred, Series C-1 Preferred, Series D-1

110927129 v4
Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred,
Series F-8 Preferred and Series F-9 Preferred shall only be issued by the Company upon the
conversion of shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E
Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred or
Series F-4 Preferred, respectively, pursuant to Section (D)(5)(h)(vii) herein.

D. The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the
Series Preferred are as follows:

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

(a) The holders of Series | Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Senior Preferred, Junior Preferred and Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and
if declared by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”), but only out of funds that
are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of 6% of the Series 1 Original Issue Price
(as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series 1 Preferred. Such dividends
shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board and shall be non-cumulative. Any
partial payment of dividends will be made among the holders of the Series 1 Preferred in
proportion to the payment each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

(b) After payment of dividends to the holders of Series 1 Preferred as
set forth in Section 1(a) above, the holders of Senior Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Junior Preferred and Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the
Board, on a pari passu basis among such series, but only out of funds that are legally available
therefor, cash dividends at the rate of: (i) 6% of the Series F Original Issue Price (as defined
below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series F Preferred or Series F-5 Preferred, (ii)
6% of the Series F-1 Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding
share of Series F-1 Preferred or Series F-6 Preferred, (iii) 6% of the Series F-2 Original Issue
Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series F-2 Preferred or Series
F-7 Preferred, (iv) 6% of the Series F-3 Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on
each outstanding share of Series F-3 Preferred or Series F-8 Preferred, (v) 6% of the Series F-4
Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series F-4
Preferred or Series F-9 Preferred, (vi) 6% of the Series E Original Issue Price (as defined below)
per annum on each outstanding share of Series E Preferred or Series E-1 Preferred and (vii) 6%
of the Series D Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of
Series D Preferred or Series D-1 Preferred. Such dividends shal! be payable only when, as and if
declared by the Board and shall be non-cumulative. Any partial payment of dividends will be
made among the holders of the Senior Preferred in proportion to the payment each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive. In the event that any shares of Senior Preferred convert into
another series of Senior Preferred pursuant to the provisions hereof, any accrued dividends on the
converted shares of Senior Preferred through the date of such conversion shall carry forward and
continue as accrued dividends on the shares of the new series of Senior Preferred into which such
shares are converted.

(c) After payment of dividends to the holders of Series 1 Preferred and
Senior Preferred as set forth in Sections 1(a) and 1(b) above, the holders of Junior Preferred, in

110927129 v4
preference to the holders of Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared
by the Board, on a pari passu basis among such series, but only out of funds that are legally
available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of (i) 6% of the Series C Original Issue Price (as
defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series C Preferred or Series C-1
Preferred, (ii) 6% of the Series B Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each
outstanding share of Series B Preferred or Series B-1 Preferred and (iit) 6% of the Series A
Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series A
Preferred. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board and shail
be non-cumulative. No dividends shall be declared on any series of Junior Preferred unless
dividends are declared on all series of Junior Preferred. Any partial payment of dividends
pursuant to this Section 1(c) will be made among the holders of the Junior Preferred in
proportion to the payment each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive. In the event that any
shares of Junior Preferred convert into another series of Junior Preferred pursuant to the
provisions hereof, any accrued dividends on the converted shares of Junior Preferred through the
date of such conversion shall carry forward and continue as accrued dividends on the shares of
the new series of Junior Preferred into which such shares are converted.

(d) The “Series 1 Original Issue Price” shall be $0.1556 (as adjusted
for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such
shares after the date upon which this Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is
accepted for filing by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the “Filing Date”’)). The
“Series F Original Issue Price” shall be $0.9140 (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing
Date. The “Series F-4 Original Issue Price” shall be $0.2405 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series F-3 Original Issue Price” shall be $0.8914 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series F-2 Original Issue Price” shall be $0.80 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series F-1 Original Issue Price” shall be $0.50 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series E Original Issue Price” shall be $0.7143 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series D Original Issue Price” shall be $0.3943 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series C Original Issue Price” shall be $0.2405 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series B Original Issue Price” shall be $0.8914 (as adjusted for any stock
dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the
Filing Date). The “Series A Original Issue Price” shall mean the cash price received or the
value of the other assets transferred in consideration for shares of Series A Preferred issued by
the Company, which (i) in the case of the 600,000 shares of Series A Preferred issued by the
Company prior to January 1, 2004 (and any share certificates issued or to be issued upon
reissuance or transfer of such shares), shall be $0.50 (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing

110927129 v4
Date) and (ii) in the case of all shares of Series A Preferred issued by the Company on or after
January 1, 2004 (and any share certificates issued or to be issued upon reissuance or transfer of
such shares), shall be $0.80 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date).

(e) In the event dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock, the
Company shall pay an additional dividend on all outstanding shares of Series Preferred in a per
share amount equal (on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set
aside for each share of Common Stock. If there are insufficient funds legally available to pay
such dividends on both the Common Stock and Series Preferred, holders of the Common Stock
and Series Preferred shall participate in such dividends on a pro rata, as-converted to Common
Stock basis.

(f) The provisions of Section 1(e) shall not apply to a dividend
payable solely in Common Stock to which the provisions of Section 5(f) hereof are applicable or,
for purposes of clarification, any repurchase of outstanding securities of the Company that is
approved pursuant to Section 2(b)(iv) below.

(g) A distribution to the Company’s stockholders relating to
repurchases of shares of Common Stock upon termination of employment or service as a
consultant or director may be made without regard to the preferential dividends arrears amount or
any preferential rights amount (each as determined under applicable law).

2. VOTING RIGHTS.

(a) General Rights. Each holder of shares of the Series Preferred
shall be (i) entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the
Company and (ii) shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such shares of Series Preferred could be converted (pursuant to
Section 5 hereof) (A) immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such
meeting or (B) the effective time of such written consent. Except as otherwise provided herein or
as required by law, the Series Preferred shall vote together with the Common Stock at any annual
or special meeting of the stockholders and not as a separate class, and may act by written consent
in the same manner as the Common Stock.

(b) Separate Vote of Series 1 Preferred. For so long as at least
2,000,000 shares of Series | Preferred (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock
split or other similar event affecting the Series 1 Preferred after the Filing Date) remain
outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law, the vote or written
consent of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding Series 1 Preferred (voting
as a separate class) shall be necessary for effecting or validating the following actions (whether
by merger, recapitalization or otherwise):

(i) any alteration or change of the voting or other powers,
preferences, or other special rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series | Preferred;

110927129 v4
(ii) any increase or decrease in the authorized number of shares
of Common Stock or Preferred Stock;

(iii) any authorization or any designation, whether by
reclassification or otherwise, of any new class or series of stock or any other securities
convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series
1 Preferred in right of redemption, liquidation preference, voting or dividend rights or any
increase in the authorized or designated number of any such new class or series;

(iv) any redemption, retirement, repurchase, payment or
declaration of dividends or other distributions (directly or indirectly) with respect to Common
Stock or Preferred Stock (except for (A) (1) acquisition of Common Stock by the Company
pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase shares of Common Stock at
cost (or the lesser of cost and fair market value) upon termination of employment or services
with the Company or an affiliate of the Company, (2) acquisitions of Common Stock by the
Company in exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal to repurchase such shares and (C)
distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance with Sections 3 and 4 hereof and (B)
redemptions required by Section 6 hereof);

(v) entering into any agreement by the Company or its
stockholders regarding an Asset Transfer or Acquisition (each as defined in Section 4 hereof);

(vi) any voluntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company or any Deemed Liquidation Event;

(vii) any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company; or

(viii) any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Board.

(c) Election of Board of Directors.

(i) For so long as at least 2,000,000 shares of Series 1
Preferred remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split or
similar event affecting the Series 1 Preferred after the Filing Date) the holders of Series 1
Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect six members of the Board at each
meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors,
and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death
or removal of such directors (collectively, the “Preferred Directors” and, individually, a
“Preferred Director’).

(ii) |The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be entitled to elect one member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of
the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such director
and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director.

130927129 v4
(iii) The holders of Common Stock and Series 1] Preferred,
voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, shall be entitled to
elect all remaining members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors
and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(d) No person entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate
votes to which such person is entitled; unless; required by applicable law at the time of such
election. During such time or times that applicable law requires cumulative voting, every
stockholder entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate such stockholder’s votes
and give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected
multiplied by the number of votes to which such stockholder’s shares are otherwise entitled, or
distribute the stockholder’s votes on the same principle among as many candidates as such
stockholder desires. No stockholder, however, shall be entitled to so cumulate such
stockholder’s votes unless (i) the names of such candidate or candidates have been placed in
nomination prior to the voting and (ii) the stockholder has given notice at the meeting, prior to
the voting, of such stockholder’s intention to cumulate such stockholder’s votes. If any
stockholder has given proper notice to cumulate votes, all stockholders may cumulate their votes
for any candidates who have been properly placed in nomination. Under cumulative voting, the
candidates receiving the highest number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, are
elected.

3. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

(a) Upon any Deemed Liquidation Event or any liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation
Event”), before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Senior Preferred,
Junior Preferred or Common Stock, the holders of Series | Preferred shall be entitled to be paid
out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution for each share of Series |
Preferred held by them, an amount per share of Series | Preferred equal to two times the Series |
Original Issuance Price, plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series 1
Preferred. If, upon any such Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to
make payment in full to all holders of Series 1 Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in
this Section 3(a), then such assets shall! be distributed among the holders of Series 1 Preferred, at
the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be
respectively entitled.

(b) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series 1
Preferred as set forth in Section 3(a) above, the holders of Series F Preferred, Series F-1
Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred, Series F-4 Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred,
Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred and Series F-9 Preferred shall be
entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution for each
share of Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred,
Series F-4 Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8
Preferred and Series F-9 Preferred held by them, an amount per share of Series F Preferred,
Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred, Series F-4 Preferred, Series F-5

110927329 v4
Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred and Series F-9
Preferred equal to 1.5 times the Series F Original Issue Price with respect to shares of Series F
Preferred and Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-1 Original Issue Price with respect to shares of
Series F-1 Preferred and Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-2 Original Issue Price with respect to
shares of Series F-2 Preferred and Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-3 Original Issue Price with
respect to shares of Series F-3 Preferred and Series F-8 Preferred and Series F-4 Original Issue
Price with respect to shares of Series F-4 Preferred and Series F-9 Preferred, plus all declared and
unpaid dividends on such share of Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred,
Series F-3 Preferred, Series F-4 Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7
Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred and Series F-9 Preferred. If, upon any such Liquidation Event,
the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series F
Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred, Series F-4 Preferred,
Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred and Series
F-9 Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(b), then, subject to Section
3(a) above, such assets shall be distributed among the holders of Series F Preferred, Series F-1
Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred, Series F-4 Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred,
Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred and Series F-9 Preferred at the
time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be
respectively entitled.

(c) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series 1
Preferred and Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred,
Series F-4 Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8
Preferred and Series F-9 Preferred as set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) above, the holders of the
Series E Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series D Preferred and Series D-1 Preferred shall be
entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution for each
share of Series E Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series D Preferred and Series D-1 Preferred
held by them, an amount per share of Series E Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series D Preferred
and Series D-1 Preferred equal to (a) in the case of the Series E Preferred and Series E-1
Preferred, 1.5 times the Series E Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on
such share of Series E Preferred and Series E-1 Preferred and (b) in the case of the Series D
Preferred and Series D-1 Preferred, 1.5 times the Series D Original Issue Price plus all declared
and unpaid dividends on such share of Series D Preferred and Series D-1 Preferred. If, upon any
such Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to make payment in full
to all holders of Series E Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series D Preferred and Series D-1
Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(c), then, subject to Sections 3(a)
and 3(b) above, such assets shall be distributed among the holders of Series E Preferred, Series
E-1 Preferred, Series D Preferred and Series D-1! Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in
proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled.

(d) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series 1
Preferred and Senior Preferred as set forth in Sections 3(a), 3(b) and 3(c) above, before any
distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Common Stock or Series A Preferred,
the holders of Series B and C Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the
Company legally available for distribution for each such share of Series B and C Preferred held
by them, an amount per share of Series B and C Preferred equal to (a) in the case of the Series C

8.
110927129 v4
Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred, 1.5 times the Series C Original Issue Price plus all declared
and unpaid dividends on such share of Series C Preferred or Series C-1 Preferred and (b) in the
case of the Series B Preferred and Series B-1 Preferred, 1.5 times the Series B Original issue
Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series B Preferred or Series B-1
Preferred. If, upon any such Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to
make payment in full to all holders of Series B and C Preferred of the liquidation preference set
forth in this Section 3(d), then, subject to Sections 3(a), 3(b) and 3(c) above, such assets shall be
distributed among the holders of Series B and C Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in
proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled.

(e) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series]
Preferred, Senior Preferred and Series B and C Preferred as set forth in Sections 3(a), 3(b), 3(c)
and 3(d) above, before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Common
Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the
Company legally available for distribution for each share of Series A Preferred held by them, an
amount per share of Series A Preferred equal to the Series A Original Issue Price plus all
declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series A Preferred. If, upon any such
Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to make payment in full to all
holders of Series A Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(e), then,
subject to Sections 3(a), 3(b), 3(c) and 3(d) above, such assets shall be distributed among the
holders of Series A Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to
which they would otherwise be respectively entitled.

(f) After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series
Preferred as set forth in Sections 3(a), 3(b), 3(c), 3(d) and 3(e) above, the remaining assets of the
Company legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of
the Common Stock and Senior Preferred (on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) until such
time as the holders of Senior Preferred have received pursuant to Sections 3(b) and 3(c) above
and pursuant to this Section 3(f) an aggregate amount per share of Senior Preferred equal to (i) in
the case of the Series F Preferred and Series F-5 Preferred, two times the Series F Original Issue
Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series F Preferred or Series F-5
Preferred; (ii) in the case of the Series F-1 Preferred and Series F-6 Preferred, two times the
Series F-1 Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series F-1
Preferred or Series F-6 Preferred; (iii) in the case of the Series F-2 Preferred and Series F-7
Preferred, two times the Series F-2 Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on
such share of Series F-2 Preferred or Series F-7 Preferred; (iv) in the case of the Series F-3
Preferred and Series F-8 Preferred, two times the Series F-3 Original Issue Price plus all declared
and unpaid dividends on such share of Series F-3 Preferred or Series F-8 Preferred; (v) in the
case of the Series F-4 Preferred and Series F-9 Preferred, two times the Series F-4 Original Issue
Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series F-4 Preferred or Series F-9
Preferred; (vi) in the case of the Series E Preferred and Series E-] Preferred, two times the Series
E Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share of Series E Preferred
or Series E-1 Preferred; and (vii) in the case of the Series D Preferred and Series D-1 Preferred,
two times the Series D Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on such share
of Series D Preferred or Series D-1 Preferred; thereafter, the remaining assets of the Company

110927129 v4
legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common
Stock.

(g) Notwithstanding the above, for purposes of determining the
amount each holder of shares of Series Preferred is entitled to receive with respect to a
Liquidation Event, each such holder of shares of a series of Series Preferred shall be deemed to
have converted (regardless of whether such holder actually converted) such holder’s shares of
such series into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the Liquidation Event if, as a
result of an actual conversion, such holder would receive, in the aggregate, an amount greater
than the amount that would be distributed to such holder if such holder did not convert such
series of Series Preferred into shares of Common Stock. If any such holder shall be deemed to
have converted shares of Series Preferred into Common Stock pursuant to this paragraph, then
such holder shall not be entitled to receive any distribution that would otherwise be made to
holders of Series Preferred that have not converted (or have not been deemed to have converted)
into shares of Common Stock.

4, ASSET TRANSFER OR ACQUISITION RIGHTS.

(a) In the event that the Company is a party to an Acquisition or Asset
Transfer (each as hereinafter defined), then each holder of Series Preferred or Common Stock
shall be entitled to receive, for each share of Series Preferred or Common Stock then held, out of
the proceeds of such Acquisition or Asset Transfer, the amount of cash, securities or other
property which such holder would be entitled to receive in a Liquidation Event pursuant to
Section 3 above (any such event, a “Deemed Liquidation Event’).

(b) For the purposes of this Section 4, unless the holders of at least
sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding Series 1 Preferred (voting as a separate class) elect
otherwise by written notice given to the Company at least 10 days prior to the effective date of
any such event: (i) “Acquisition” shall mean (A) any consolidation or merger of the Company
with or into any other corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization,
other than any consolidation, merger or reorganization in which the stockholders of the Company
immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, continue to hold at least a
majority of the voting power of the surviving entity in substantially the same proportions (or, if
the surviving entity is a wholly owned subsidiary, its parent) as were held immediately after such
consolidation, merger or reorganization; or (B) any transaction or series of related transactions to
which the Company is a party in which in excess of 50% of the Company’s voting power is
transferred; provided that an Acquisition shall not include any transaction or series of
transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash is received by the
Company or any successor or indebtedness of the Company is cancelled or converted or a
combination thereof; and (ii) “Asset Transfer” shall mean a sale, lease, exclusive license or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or intellectual property of the Company.

(c) In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be
received is securities of a corporation or other property other than cash, its value will be deemed
its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board. Any securities shall be valued as
follows:

110927129 v4
(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability covered by (ii) below:

(A) _ If traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such quotation system over the
30 day period ending three days prior to the closing;

(B) _ If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall
be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the
30 day period ending three days prior to the closing; and

(C) _ If there is no active public market, the value shall be
the fair market value thereof, as determined by the Board in good faith.

(ii) | The method of valuation of securities subject to investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of
a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount
from the market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof, as determined by the Board in good faith.

(d) _—_In the case of a Deemed Liquidation Event, if any portion of the
consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation is placed into escrow and/or is
payable to the stockholders of the Corporation subject to contingencies, the transaction
documents governing the Deemed Liquidation Event shall provide that (a) the portion of such
consideration that is not placed in escrow and not subject to any contingencies (the “Initial
Consideration’) shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in
accordance with Section 3 above as if the Initial Consideration were the only consideration
payable in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event and (b) any additional consideration
which becomes payable to the stockholders of the Corporation upon release from escrow or
satisfaction of contingencies shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the
Corporation in accordance with Section 3 above after taking into account the previous payment
of the Initial Consideration as part of the same transaction. The result of this approach is that, for
certain transactions, the portion of the transaction consideration that is subject to an escrow or
other contingencies may be allocated disproportionately (or even exclusively) to the holders of
Common Stock.

5. CONVERSION RIGHTS.

The holders of the Series Preferred shall have the following rights with
respect to the conversion of the Series Preferred into shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion
Rights”’):

(a) Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 5, any shares of Series Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be
converted at any time into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number
of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled upon

11.
110927129 v4
conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the applicable “Series Preferred
Conversion Rate” then in effect (determined as provided in Section 5(b)) by the number of shares
of Series Preferred being converted; provided, however, that if such conversion occurs within 90
days prior to the Closing (as defined in the Series 1 Preferred Stock and Warrant Purchase
Agreement to be entered into by and among the Company and the parties listed as “Purchasers”
thereunder on or about the Filing Date (as the same may be amended from time to time, the
“Stock Purchase Agreement”)), then, other than with respect to Series 1 Preferred, one share of
Common Stock shall be issuable for every 1,000 shares of Series Preferred upon such
conversion.

(b) Series Preferred Conversion Rate.

(i) Series A Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series A Preferred (the “Series A Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the applicable Series A Original Issue Price by the
“Series A Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section S{c)(i).

(ii) Series B Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series B Preferred (the “Series B Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series B Original Issue Price by the “Series B
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section S{c)(11).

(iii) Series B-1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series B-1 Preferred (the “Series B-1 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series B Original Issue Price by the “Series
B-1 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(ii1).

(iv) Series C Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series C Preferred (the “Series C Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series C Original Issue Price by the “Series C
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c){iv).

(v) Series C-1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series C-1 Preferred (the “Series C-1 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series C Original Issue Price by the “Series
C-1 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(v).

(vi) Series D Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series D Preferred (the “Series D Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series D Original Issue Price by the “Series D
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section S(c){vi).

(vii) Series D-1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series D-1 Preferred (the “Series D-I1 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series D Original Issue Price by the “Series
D-1 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c){vil).

110927129 v4
(viii) Series E Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series E Preferred (the “Series E Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series E Original Issue Price by the “Series E
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(viii).

(ix) Series E-1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series E-1 Preferred (the “Series E-1 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series E Original Issue Price by the “Series
E-1 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(ix).

(x) Series F Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F Preferred (the “Series F Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F Original Issue Price by the “Series F
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(x).

(xi) Series F-1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F-1 Preferred (the “Series F-1 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F-1 Original Issue Price by the
“Series F-1 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(xi).

(xii) Series F-2 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F-2 Preferred (the “Series F-2 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F-2 Original Issue Price by the
“Series F-2 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(xii).

(xiii) Series F-3 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F-3 Preferred (the “Series F-3 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F-3 Original Issue Price by the
“Series F-3 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(xiii).

(xiv) Series F-4 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F-4 Preferred (the “Series F-4 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F-4 Original Issue Price by the
“Series F-4 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c){xiv).

(xv) Series F-5 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F-5 Preferred (the “Series F-5 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F Original Issue Price by the “Series
F-5 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(xv).

(xvi) Series F-6 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F-6 Preferred (the “Series F-6 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F-1 Original Issue Price by the
“Series F-6 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(xvi).

110927129 v4
(xvii) Series F-7 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F-7 Preferred (the “Series F-7 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F-2 Original Issue Price by the
“Series F-7 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(xvii).

(xviii) Series F-8 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F-8 Preferred (the “Series F-8 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F-3 Original Issue Price by the
“Series F-8 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(xviii).

(xix) Series F-9 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion
rate in effect at any time for conversion of the Series F-9 Preferred (the “Series F-9 Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series F-4 Original Issue Price by the
“Series F-9 Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(xix).

(xx) Series 1 Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate
in effect at any time for conversion of the Series 1 Preferred (the “Series I Conversion Rate”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Series 1 Original Issue Price by the “Series 1
Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c)(xx).

(xxi) References to Conversion Rate. The Series A Conversion
Rate, the Series B Conversion Rate, the Series B-1 Conversion Rate, the Series C Conversion
Rate, the Series C-1 Conversion Rate, the Series D Conversion Rate, the Series D-1 Conversion
Rate, the Series E Conversion Rate, the Series E-1 Conversion Rate, Series F Conversion Rate,
Series F-1 Conversion Rate, Series F-2 Conversion Rate, Series F-3 Conversion Rate, Series F-4
Conversion Rate, Series F-5 Conversion Rate, Series F-6 Conversion Rate, Series F-7
Conversion Rate, Series F-8 Conversion Rate, the Series F-9 Conversion Rate and the Series 1
Conversion Rate are collectively referred to herein as a “Series Preferred Conversion Rate.”

(c) Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) Series A Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series A Preferred shall initially be (a) in the case of the 600,000 shares of Series A Preferred
issued by the Company prior to January 1, 2004 (and any share certificates issued or to be issued
upon reissuance or transfer of such shares), $0.3557 (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing
Date) and (b) in the case of all shares of Series A Preferred issued by the Company on or after
January 1, 2004 (and any share certificates issued or to be issued upon reissuance or transfer of
such shares), $0.4889 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations
and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date) (the “Series A Conversion Price”).
The Series A Conversion Price shall be subject to further adjustment from time to time in
accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series A Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series A Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(ii) | Series B Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series B Preferred shall initially be $0.5295 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,

14.
110927129 v4
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date) (the “Series
B Conversion Price”). Such Series B Conversion Price shall be subject to further adjustment
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series B Conversion
Price herein shall mean the Series B Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(iii) | Series B-1 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series B-1 Preferred shall initially be the Series B Conversion Price (the “Series B-1 Conversion
Price”). Such Series B-1 Conversion Price shall be subject to further adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. Ail references to the Series B-1 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series B-1 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(iv) Series C Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series C Preferred shall initially be the Series C Original Issue Price (the “Series C Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series C Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series C Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series C Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(v) Series C-1 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series C-1 Preferred shall initially be the Series C Conversion Price (the “Series C-1 Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series C-1 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series C-1 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series C-i Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(vi) Series D Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series D Preferred shall initially be the Series D Original Issue Price (the “Series D Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series D Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series D Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series D Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(vii) Series D-1 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series D-1 Preferred shall initially be the Series D Conversion Price (the “Series D-1 Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series D-1 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series D-] Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series D-1 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(viii) Series E Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series E Preferred shall initially be the Series E Original Issue Price (the “Series E Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series E Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series E Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series E Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(ix) Series E-1 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series E-1 Preferred shall initially be the Series E Conversion Price (the “Series E-1 Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series E-1 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series E-1 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series E-] Conversion Price as so adjusted.

110927129 v4
(x) Series F Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F Preferred shall initially be $0.50 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date) (the “Series
F Conversion Price”). Such initial Series F Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F Conversion
Price herein shall mean the Series F Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xi) Series F-1 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F-1 Preferred shall initially be $0.3557 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date) (the “Series
F-1 Conversion Price”). Such initial Series F-1 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F-1 Conversion
Price herein shall mean the Series F-] Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xii) Series F-2 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F-2 Preferred shall initially be $0.4889 (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the Filing Date) (the “Series
F-2 Conversion Price”). Such initial Series F-2 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F-2 Conversion
Price herein shall mean the Series F-2 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xiii) Series F-3 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F-3 Preferred shall initially be the Series B Conversion Price (the “Series F-3 Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series F-3 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F-3 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series F-3 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xiv) Series F-4 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F-4 Preferred shall initially be the Series C Conversion Price (the “Series F-4 Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series F-4 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F-4 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series F-4 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xv) Series F-5 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F-5 Preferred shall initially be the Series F Conversion Price (the “Series F-5 Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series F-5 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F-5 Conversion Price herein
shall mean the Series F-5 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xvi) Series F-6 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F-6 Preferred shall initially be the Series F-1 Conversion Price (the “Series F-6
Conversion Price”). Such initial Series F-6 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F-6 Conversion
Price herein shall mean the Series F-6 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

110927129 v4
(xvii) Series F-7 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F-7 Preferred shall initially be the Series F-2 Conversion Price (the “Series F-7
Conversion Price”). Such initial Series F-7 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F-7 Conversion
Price herein shall mean the Series F-7 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xviii) Series F-8 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F-8 Preferred shall initially be the Series F-3 Conversion Price (the “Series F-8
Conversion Price”). Such initial Series F-8 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F-8 Conversion
Price herein shall mean the Series F-8 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xix) Series F-9 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series F-9 Preferred shall initially be the Series F-4 Conversion Price (the “Series F-9
Conversion Price”). Such initial Series F-9 Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series F-9 Conversion
Price herein shall mean the Series F-9 Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xx) Series 1 Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series 1 Preferred shall initially be the Series } Original Issue Price (the “Series I Conversion
Price”). Such initial Series 1 Conversion Price shal! be subject to adjustment from time to time
in accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series 1 Conversion Price herein shall
mean the Series | Conversion Price as so adjusted.

(xxi) References to Conversion Price. The Series A Conversion
Price, Series B Conversion Price, Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price, Series
C-1 Conversion Price, Series D Conversion Price, Series D-1 Conversion Price Series E
Conversion Price, Series E-1 Conversion Price, Series F Conversion Price, Series F-1
Conversion Price, Series F-2 Conversion Price, Series F-3 Conversion Price, Series F-4
Conversion Price, Series F-5 Conversion Price, Series F-6 Conversion Price, Series F-7
Conversion Price, Series F-8 Conversion Price, Series F-9 Conversion Price and Series 1
Conversion Price shall be collectively referred to herein as a “Series Preferred Conversion
Price.”

(d) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series Preferred who
desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 5 shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Series Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Company at such
office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of shares of
Series Preferred being converted. Thereupon, the Company shall promptly issue and deliver at
such office to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder is entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient
funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common Stock’s fair
market value determined by the Board as of the date of such conversion), any declared and
unpaid dividends on the shares of Series Preferred being converted and (ii) in cash (at the
Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of conversion) the

17.
110927129 v4
value of any fractional share of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any holder of Series
Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made at the close of business on the
date of such surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Series Preferred to be
converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock
on such date.

(e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If at any time
or from time to time on or after the Filing Date the Company effects a subdivision of the
outstanding Common Stock without a corresponding subdivision of the Series Preferred, the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before that subdivision shall
be proportionately decreased. Conversely, if at any time or from time to time after the Filing
Date the Company combines the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares without a corresponding combination of the Series Preferred, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately
increased. Any adjustment under this Section 5(e) shall become effective at the close of business
on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(f) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions.
If at any time or from time to time on or after the Filing Date the Company pays to holders of
Common Stock a dividend or other distribution in additional shares of Common Stock without a
corresponding dividend or other distribution to holders of Series Preferred, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance, as
provided below:

(i) The applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be
adjusted by multiplying the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a
fraction:

(A) _ the numerator of which is the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance, and

(B) ‘the denominator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution;

(ii) If the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution, the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close of business on such
record date and the number of shares of Common Stock shall be calculated immediately prior to
the close of business on such record date; and

(iii) ‘If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such

110927129 v4
record date and thereafter the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted
pursuant to this Section 5(f) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

(g) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, Substitution,
Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. If at any time or from time to time on or after the
Filing Date the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series Preferred is changed
into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an Acquisition or
Asset Transfer as defined in Section 4 or a subdivision or combination of shares or stock
dividend provided for elsewhere in this Section 5), in any such event each holder of Series
Preferred shall then have the right to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and
other securities and property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation or other change by holders of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
into which such shares of Series Preferred could have been converted immediately prior to such
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or change, all subject to further
adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or property by the terms
thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of Series Preferred after the
capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including adjustment of the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares issuable
upon conversion of the Series Preferred) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly
equivalent as practicable.

(h) Sale of Shares Below Series 1 Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) If at any time or from time to time on or after the Filing
Date the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of this Section 5(h) to
have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined below), other than as
provided in Section 5(e), 5(f) or 5(g) above, for an Effective Price (as defined below) less than
the then effective Series 1 Conversion Price (a “Qualifying Dilutive Issuance”), then the then
effective Series 1 Conversion Price shall be reduced, as of the opening of business on the date of
such issue or sale, to a price determined by multiplying the Series 1 Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issuance or sale by a fraction equal to:

(A) — the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale, plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the Aggregate
Consideration (as defined below) received or deemed received by the Company for the total
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such then-existing
applicable Series 1 Conversion Price, and

(B) — the denominator of which shall be the number of

shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determimed below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale plus the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.

110927129 v4
For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A) the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding, (B) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the then
outstanding shares of Series 1 Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediately preceding the given date, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which are
issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all other rights, options and convertible securities
outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given date.

(ii) | No adjustment shall be made to an applicable Series 1
Conversion Price in an amount less than one cent per share. Any adjustment otherwise required
by this Section 5(h) that is not required to be made due to the preceding sentence shall be
included in any subsequent adjustment to the applicable Series 1 Conversion Price.

(iii) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section 5(h), the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of
securities (the “Aggregate Consideration”) shall be defined as: (A) to the extent it consists of
cash, the net amount of cash received by the Company after deduction of any underwriting or
similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the Company in
connection with such issue or sale and without deduction of any expenses payable by the
Company, (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, the fair value of that property
as determined in good faith by the Board, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock,
Convertible Securities (as defined below) or rights or options to purchase either Additional
Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or
securities or other assets of the Company for a consideration which covers both, the portion of
the consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board to be
allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or
options.

(iv) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this
Section 5(h), if the Company issues or sells (x) Preferred Stock or other stock, options, warrants,
purchase rights or other securities convertible into, Additional Shares of Common Stock (such
convertible stock or securities being herein referred to as “Convertible Securities”) or (y) rights
or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and
if the Effective Price of such Additional Shares of Common Stock is less than the Series 1
Conversion Price, in each case the Company shall be deemed to have issued at the time of the
issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have received as
consideration for the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of the
consideration, if any, received by the Company for the issuance of such rights or options or
Convertible Securities plus:

(A) _ in the case of such rights or options, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such rights or
options; and

20.
110927129 v4
(B) _ in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion thereof (other
than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities);
provided that if the minimum amounts of such consideration cannot be ascertained, but are a
function of antidilution or similar protective clauses, the Company shall be deemed to have
received the minimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses.

(C) If the minimum amount of consideration payable to
the Company upon the exercise or conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is
reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events other than by
reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective Price shall be recalculated using the figure to
which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced; provided further, that if the minimum
amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion of such rights,
options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price shall be again
recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon
the exercise or conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities.

(D) No further adjustment of the applicable Series 1
Conversion Price, as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities,
shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the
exercise of any such rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible Securities. If
any such rights or options or the conversion privilege represented by any such Convertible
Securities shall expire without having been exercised, the Series 1 Conversion Price as adjusted
upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities shall be readjusted to the
Series 1 Conversion Price which would have been in effect had an adjustment been made on the
basis that the only Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued were the Additional Shares of
Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise of such rights or options or rights
of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such Additional Shares of Common Stock, if
any, were issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the Company upon such
exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Company for the granting of all
such rights or options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration received for issuing or
selling the Convertible Securities actually converted, plus the consideration, if any, actually
received by the Company (other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by
such Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such Convertible Securities, provided that such
readjustment shall not apply to prior conversions of Series 1 Preferred.

(v) For the purpose of making any adjustment to the Series |
Conversion Price as required under this Section 5(h), “Additional Shares of Common Stock”
shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant
to this Section 5(h) (including shares of Common Stock subsequently reacquired or retired by the
Company), other than:

(A) — shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
or as a dividend or distribution on the Series Preferred;

21.
110927129 v4
(B) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued after the Filing Date to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the
Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other
arrangements that are approved by the Board including the affirmative vote or written consent of
at least two (2) of the Preferred Directors;

(C) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the
conversion or exercise of Convertible Securities outstanding as of the Filing Date;

(D) shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition, strategic
alliance or similar business combination approved by the Board;

(E) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement
or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board;

(F) any Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued
in connection with strategic transactions involving the Company and other entities, including
(i) joint ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution arrangements or (ii) technology
transfer or development arrangements; provided that the issuance of shares therein has been
approved by the Board;

(G) _ shares of Series B-1 Preferred, Series C-1 Preferred,
Series D-1 Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7
Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred or Series F-9 Preferred; and

(H) — shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities
issued pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement.

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (v) above shall
mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to
this Section 5(h). The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the
quotient determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued
or sold, or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company under this Section 5(h), into the
Aggregate Consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Company for such
issue under this Section 5(h), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event that the
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the Effective Price cannot be ascertained at
the time of issuance, such Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be deemed issued
immediately upon the occurrence of the first event that makes such number of shares or the
Effective Price, as applicable, ascertainable.

(vi) In the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance
(the “First Dilutive Issuance”), then in the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed
to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance

22.
110927129 v4
other than the First Dilutive Issuance as a part of the same transaction or series of related
transactions as the First Dilutive Issuance (a “Subsequent Dilutive Issuance”), then and in each
such case upon a Subsequent Dilutive Issuance the applicable Series 1 Preferred Conversion
Price shall be reduced to the applicable Series 1 Preferred Conversion Price that would have been
in effect had the First Dilutive Issuance and each Subsequent Dilutive Issuance all occurred on
the closing date of the First Dilutive Issuance.

(vii) (A) For purposes of this Section 5(h)(vii), the following
definitions shall apply:

(1) “Triggering Event” shall mean the issuance
by the Company after the Filing Date, in a bona fide fundraising transaction, of Additional Shares
of Common Stock with an Effective Price less than the Series F Conversion Price in effect on the
date of and immediately prior to such issue, provided, however, that the issuance of Convertible
Securities pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement shall not constitute a Triggering Event.”

(2) “Participating Investor” shall mean any
holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F
Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series F-4
Preferred that agrees to purchase at least its Pro Rata Share of a Triggering Event pursuant to this
Section 5(h)(vil).

(3) “Pro Rata Rate” shaj] mean, with respect to
any holder of shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E
Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred
and/or Series F-4 Preferred, the ratio expressed as a fraction, the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder’s shares of Series B Preferred, Series
C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred,
Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series F-4 Preferred are convertible as of
immediately prior to a Triggering Event, and the denominator of which is the total number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company (calculated assuming conversion and
exercise of all Convertible Securities) as of immediately prior to such Triggering Event.

(4) “Pro Rata Share” shall mean, with respect
to a holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred,
Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series
F-4 Preferred at the time of the occurrence of a Triggering Event, the product of the aggregate
number of shares issued in connection with such Triggering Event times such holder’s Pro Rata
Rate.

(5) “Non-participating Investor” shall mean
any holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred,
Series F Preferred, Series F-{ Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series
F-4 Preferred that is not a Participating Investor.

23.
110927129 v4
(B) In the event the Company proposes to undertake a
Triggering Event, it shall give each holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D
Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred,
Series F-3 Preferred and Series F-4 Preferred a written notice (the “Issuance Notice”) of its
intention, describing the type of Additional Shares of Common Stock to be issued therein, the
Effective Price at which such Additional Shares of Common Stock are to be issued and the
general terms upon which the Company proposes to effect such issuance. Each holder of Series
B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series
F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series F-4 Preferred shall, within
15 days from the date the Issuance Notice is delivered, provide written notice to the Company
that (i) such holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E
Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred
and/or Series F-4 Preferred shall be a Participating Investor for the price and upon the terms
specified in the Issuance Notice or (ii) such holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred,
Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2
Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series F-4 Preferred shall be a Non-participating Investor.
Any holder of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred,
Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series
F-4 Preferred as to whom such written notice is not received by the Company within such 15 day
period shall be deemed to be a Non-participating Investor.

(C) In connection with any Triggering Event, all shares
of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F
Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and Series F-4
Preferred held by each Non-participating Investor shall be automatically converted immediately
prior to the closing of the applicable Triggering Event into an equal number of shares of Series
B-1 Preferred, Series C-1 Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series F-5
Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred or Series F-9 Preferred,
as applicable. The Series B-1 Conversion Price, Series C-1 Conversion Price, Series D-1
Conversion Price, Series E-l1 Conversion Price, Series F-5 Conversion Price, Series F-6
Conversion Price, Series F-7 Conversion Price, Series F-8 Conversion Price or Series F-9
Conversion Price, as applicable, for any shares converted as the result of non-participation in a
Triggering Event shall be equal to the applicable Series B Conversion Price, Series C Conversion
Price, Series D Conversion Price, Series E Conversion Price, Series F Conversion Price, Series
F-1 Conversion Price, Series F-2 Conversion Price, Series F-3 Conversion Price or Series F-4
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such Triggering Event, and, for the avoidance of
confusion, shall not be subject to further adjustment pursuant to Section 5(h), but shal! be subject
to further adjustment pursuant to the remainder of Section 5. Each Convertible Security
exercisable for shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E
Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred
and/or Series F-4 Preferred held by any Non-participating Investor shall automatically be
converted into a Convertible Security (on identical terms) to purchase an equal number of shares
of Series B-1! Preferred, Series C-1 Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series
F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred or Series F-9

24.
110927129 v4
Preferred, as applicable, on the same terms and for the same exercise price as otherwise set forth
in such Convertible Security.

(D) Upon the conversion of Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series
F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series F-4 Preferred held by a Non-participating
Investor as set forth herein, the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred,
Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2
Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series F-4 Preferred to be converted shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holder of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Series B-1 Preferred, Series C-1 Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred,
Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred and/or
Series F-9 Preferred issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares
of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F
Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series F-4
Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the
holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such
automatic conversion of shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred,
Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3
Preferred and/or Series F-4 Preferred as described in this Section 5(h)(vii), the holders of Series
B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series
F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series F-4 Preferred to be
converted shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E
Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred
and/or Series F-4 Preferred, as applicable. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such
holder promptly at such office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or
certificates, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Series B-1 Preferred, Series C-
1 Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred, Series E-1 Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6
Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8 Preferred or Series F-9 Preferred into which such
shares of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F
Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred or Series F-4 Preferred
surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any
declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d). In
the event that any shares of Series B-! Preferred, Series C-1 Preferred, Series D-1 Preferred,
Series E-1 Preferred, Series F-5 Preferred, Series F-6 Preferred, Series F-7 Preferred, Series F-8
Preferred or Series F-9 Preferred are issued, concurrently with such issuance, the Company shall
use reasonable efforts to take all such actions as may be required (including amending this Ninth
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation) to (i) create and reserve for issuance new
series of Preferred Stock equal in number to the number of shares of Series B Preferred, Series C
Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series

25.
110927129 v4
F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred and/or Series F-4 Preferred, as applicable, that remain
outstanding immediately following the closing of the Triggering Event, such new series of
Preferred Stock to be designated Series B-2 Preferred Stock, Series C-2 Preferred Stock, Series
D-2 Preferred Stock, Series E-2 Preferred Stock, Series F-10 Preferred Stock, Series F-11
Preferred Stock, Series F-12 Preferred Stock, Series F-13 Preferred Stock and/or Series F-14
Preferred Stock, as applicable, and to have rights, preferences and privileges identical to those
then applicable to the Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred, Series D Preferred, Series E
Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2 Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred or
Series F-4 Preferred, as applicable, except that the Series Preferred Conversion Price for such
shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, Series C-2 Preferred Stock, Series D-2 Preferred Stock,
Series E-2 Preferred Stock, Series F-10 Preferred Stock, Series F-11 Preferred Stock, Series F-12
Preferred Stock, Series F-13 Preferred Stock and/or Series F-14 Preferred Stock once initially
issued shall be equal to the applicable Series B Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price,
Series D Conversion Price, Series E Conversion Price, Series F Conversion Price, Series F-1
Conversion Price, Series F-2 Conversion Price, Series F-3 Conversion Price or Series F-4
Conversion Price, as applicable, in effect as of such issuance and (ii) amend the provisions of this
subsection to provide that any subsequent conversion of Series B Preferred, Series C Preferred,
Series D Preferred, Series E Preferred, Series F Preferred, Series F-1 Preferred, Series F-2
Preferred, Series F-3 Preferred or Series F-4 Preferred hereunder will be into shares of Series B-2
Preferred Stock, Series C-2 Preferred Stock, Series D-2 Preferred Stock, Series E-2 Preferred
Stock, Series F-10 Preferred Stock, Series F-11 Preferred Stock, Series F-12 Preferred Stock,
Series F-13 Preferred Stock or Series F-14 Preferred Stock, as applicable.

(i) Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or
readjustment of the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price for the number of shares of
Common Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of the applicable Series Preferred, if
the applicable Series Preferred is then convertible pursuant to this Section 5, the Company, at its
expense, shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the provisions hereof
and shall, upon request, prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and shall
mail such certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of applicable
Series Preferred so requesting at the holder’s address as shown in the Company’s books. The
certificate shall set forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which
such adjustment or readjustment is based, including a statement of (i) the consideration received
or deemed to be received by the Company for any Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or
sold or deemed to have been issued or sold, (ii) the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price
at the time in effect, (iii) the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock and (iv) the type
and amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the
applicable Series Preferred. Failure to request or provide such notice shall have no effect on any
such adjustment.

(j) Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) any Acquisition (as defined
in Section 4) or other capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or
recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into any other corporation, or any Asset Transfer (as defined in Section 4), or any

26.
110927129 v4
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the Company
shall mail to each holder of Series Preferred at least 10 days prior to (x) the record date, if any,
specified therein; or (y) if no record date is specified, the date upon which such action is to take
effect (or, in either case, such shorter period approved by the holders of at least 60% of the
outstanding Series 1 Preferred, voting as a separate class) a notice specifying, as applicable, (A)
the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution
and a description of such dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition,
reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution,
liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to be
fixed as to when the holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for securities or other property
deliverable upon such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation,
merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

(k) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective applicable Series Preferred
Conversion Price, (A) at any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least 60% of
the outstanding shares of the Series 1 Preferred, voting as a separate class, or (B) immediately
upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common
Stock for the account of the Company in which (i) the per share price is equal to at least (A)
$100,000,000 divided by (B) the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the
Company (calculated assuming conversion and exercise of all outstanding Convertible
‘Securities) as of immediately prior to such public offering and (ii) the gross proceeds to the
Company (before taking into account underwriting discounts, commissions and fees) are at least
$30,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO”). Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid
dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d).

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of either of the events specified in
Section 5(k)(i) above, the outstanding shares of Series Preferred shall be converted automatically
without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Series
Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the
holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such
automatic conversion of the Series Preferred, the holders of Series Preferred shall surrender the
certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the
Series Preferred. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such holder promptly at such
office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series Preferred

27.
110927129 v4
surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any
declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d).

(I) Special Mandatory Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Section 5, the following special mandatory conversion provisions shall
apply solely to the sale and issuance of Shares (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement)
contemplated under the Stock Purchase Agreement.

(i) Mandatory Conyersion. In the event that any holder of
Preferred Stock as of immediately prior to the Closing, together with such holder’s Affiliates,
does not purchase at least such holder’s pro rata share of the offered amount as set forth on
Exhibit F of the Stock Purchase Agreement (a “Non-Participating Purchaser”), all of the shares
of Preferred Stock held by such Non-Participating Purchaser as of immediately prior to the
Closing shall be automatically, and without further action on the part of such Non-Participating
Investor, converted into shares of Common Stock on the basis of one share of Common Stock for
1,000 shares of such Preferred Stock, effective immediately following the Closing. In the event
that any holder of Preferred Stock as of immediately prior to the Closing, together with such
holder’s Affiliates, purchases at least such holder’s pro rata share of the offered amount as set
forth on Exhibit F of the Stock Purchase Agreement (a “Fully Participating Purchaser’), all of
the shares of Preferred Stock held by such Fully Participating Purchaser as of immediately prior
to the Closing shall be automatically, and without further action on the part of such Fully
Participating Purchaser, converted into shares of Common Stock at the applicable conversion
ratio, effective immediately following the Closing. For purpose of this Section 5(1), an
“Affiliate” of a particular holder of Preferred Stock shail mean a person or entity (1) that is a
subsidiary, parent, partner, limited partner, retired partner, member, retired member or
stockholder of such holder to the extent such holder is an entity, (2) that is an affiliated fund or
entity of such holder to the extent such holder is an entity, which means, with respect to a limited
partnership, limited liability company or a limited liability partnership, without limitation, the
manager, managing member, general partner or management company of such entity, or a fund or
entity managed by the same manager or managing member or general partner or management
company or by an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such manager
or managing member or general partner or management company, (3) any immediate family
member of such holder to the extent such holder is an individual or (4) any stockholder of the
Company that has the contractual right (whether pursuant to a warrant or otherwise) to acquire
shares of capital stock of the Company held by such holder.

(ii) | Mandatory Conversion Mechanics. In the event of a
mandatory conversion of shares of Preferred Stock as set forth in this Section 5(1), such shares of
Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of
such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the
Company or its transfer agent, shall be deemed to be no longer outstanding, and all rights with
respect thereto shall forthwith cease and terminate, except only the rights of the holder, upon
surrender of its certificate or certificates therefor (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement), (1)
to receive the shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled upon conversion
thereof and (2) with respect to dividends declared but unpaid prior to such conversion date. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately following the Closing, and the

28.
110927129 v4
person(s) entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable under such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder(s) of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(m) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of Series Preferred. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions
thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series Preferred by a holder thereof
shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the
issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional
share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of one
share of Common Stock (as determined by the Board) on the date of conversion.

(n) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series Preferred,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series Preferred. If at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, the Company will take such corporate
action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to
such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(0) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5
shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party
to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal
business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five days after having
been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one day
after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with
verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at the address of
such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

(p) Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay ail taxes (other than
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to -
the issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series Preferred,
excluding any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series
Preferred so converted were registered.

6. REDEMPTION.

(a) The Company shall be obligated to redeem the Series 1 Preferred
as follows:

(i) The holders of at least 60% of the then outstanding shares
of Series 1 Preferred, voting as a separate class, may elect to require the Company, to the extent it
may lawfully do so, to redeem all of the then outstanding Series 1 Preferred held by them in three

29.
110927129 v4
annual installments beginning not prior to the fifth anniversary of the Filing Date (each a “Series
1 Preferred Redemption Date”); provided that the Company shall receive at least 60 days prior
to such the first such Series 1 Preferred Redemption Date written notice of such election. The
Company shall effect such redemptions on each Series 1 Preferred Redemption Date by paying in
cash in exchange for the shares of Series 1 Preferred to be redeemed on such Series 1 Preferred
Redemption Date a sum equal to the Series | Original Issue Price per share (as adjusted for any
stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like after the Filing Date) plus an
amount equal to 6% per annum (calculated from the date of issuance of such share) of the Series
1 Original Issue Price. The total amount to be paid for the Series 1 Preferred to be redeemed
pursuant to any such redemption request from the holders of the Series 1 Preferred is hereinafter
referred to as the “Series 1 Preferred Redemption Price.” The number of shares of Series |
Preferred that the Company shall be required to redeem on any one Series 1 Preferred
Redemption Date shall be equal to the amount determined by dividing (A) the aggregate number
of shares of Series 1 Preferred to be redeemed which are outstanding immediately prior to the
Series 1 Preferred Redemption Date by (B) the number of remaining Series 1 Preferred
Redemption Dates (including the Series 1 Preferred Redemption Date to which such calculation
applies). Shares subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 6(a)(i) shall be redeemed from
each holder of Series 1 Preferred electing redemption on a pro rata basis, based on the number of
shares of Series 1 Preferred then outstanding held by such electing holders.

(ii) | At least 30 days but no more than 60 days prior to the first
applicable Series 1 Preferred Redemption Date, the Company shall send a notice (a “Redemption
Notice”) to all holders of Series 1 Preferred to be redeemed setting forth (A) the applicable
Series 1 Preferred Redemption Price for the shares to be redeemed; and (B) the place at which
such holders may obtain payment of the applicable Series 1 Preferred Redemption Price upon
surrender of their share certificates.

(iii) | Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this
Section 6, in the event that the Company is unable pursuant to applicable law to redeem in full all
of the outstanding shares of Series | Preferred to be redeemed on any Series | Preferred
Redemption Date, the shares not redeemed shall be redeemed by the Company as provided in this
Section 6 as soon as practicable after funds are legally available therefor. At any time thereafter
when additional funds of the Company are available by Jaw for the redemption of the Series 1
Preferred, such funds shall be used to redeem the balance of such shares, or such portion thereof
for which funds are available, on the basis set forth above.

(b) On or prior to the first applicable Series 1 Preferred Redemption
Date, the Company shall deposit the applicable Series 1 Preferred Redemption Price of all shares
to be redeemed with a bank or trust company having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of
$100,000,000, as a trust fund, with irrevocable instructions and authority to the bank or trust
company to pay, on and after such applicable Series 1 Preferred Redemption Date, the applicable
Series 1 Preferred Redemption Price of the shares to their respective holders upon the surrender
of their share certificates. Any moneys deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 6(b)
for the redemption of shares thereafter converted into shares of Common Stock pursuant to
Section 5S hereof no later than the fifth day preceding the applicable Series 1 Preferred
Redemption Date shall be returned to the Company forthwith upon such conversion. The

30.
110927129 v4
balance of any funds deposited by the Company pursuant to this Section 6(b) remaining
unclaimed at the expiration of one year following such applicable Series 1 Preferred Redemption
Date shall be returned to the Company promptly upon its written request.

(c) On or after each such applicable Series 1 Preferred Redemption
Date, each holder of shares of Series 1 Preferred to be redeemed shall surrender such holder’s
certificates representing such shares to the Company in the manner and at the place designated in
the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the applicable Series 1 Preferred Redemption Price of
such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or
certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be canceled. In the event
less than all the shares represented by such certificates are redeemed, a new certificate shall be
issued representing the unredeemed shares. From and after such applicable Series 1 Preferred
Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the applicable Series |
Preferred Redemption Price or the Company is unable to pay the applicable Series 1 Preferred
Redemption Price due to not having sufficient legally available funds, all rights of the holder of
such shares as holder of Series 1 Preferred (except the right to receive the Series | Preferred
Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificates), shall cease and terminate
with respect to such shares; provided that in the event that shares of Series 1 Preferred are not
redeemed due to a default in payment by the Company or because the Company does not have
sufficient legally available funds, such shares of Series 1 Preferred shall remain outstanding and
shall be entitled to all of the rights and preferences provided herein until redeemed.

(d) In the event of a call for redemption of any shares of Series 1
Preferred, the Conversion Rights (as defined in Section 5) for Series 1 Preferred shall terminate
as to the shares designated for redemption at the close of business on the last business day
preceding the applicable Series 1 Preferred Redemption Date, unless default is made in payment
of the Series 1 Preferred Redemption Price.

7. No REISSUANCE OF SERIES PREFERRED.

No shares of Series Preferred acquired by the Company by reason of redemption,
purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.

V.

A. The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages shail be
eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable law.

B. The Company is authorized to provide indemnification of agents for breach of
duty to the Company and its stockholders through bylaw provisions or through agreements with
the agents, or through stockholder resolutions, or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification
otherwise permitted by applicable law, subject, at any time or times that the Company is subject
to such applicable law, to the limits on such excess indemnification set forth in such applicable
law.

31.
110927129 v4
Cc. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Company,
and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Company, of its directors
and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:

D. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Company
shall be vested in its Board. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board
shall be fixed by the Board in the manner provided in the Bylaws, subject to any restrictions
which may be set forth in this Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

E. The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the
Bylaws of the Company, subject to any restrictions which may be set forth in this Ninth
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The stockholders shall also have the power
to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Company, subject to any restrictions which may be
set forth in this Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; provided however,
that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Company required
by law or by this Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote
of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of
the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws
of the Company.

F. The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

* kK F

FOUR: This Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the Board of Directors of this corporation.

FIVE: This Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was
approved by the holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accordance with
Section 228 of the DGCL. This Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has
been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL by
the stockholders of this corporation.

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

32.
110927129 v4
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, AWAREPOINT CORPORATION has caused this Ninth Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its Chief Executive Officer this 13" day
of November, 2014.

AWAREPOINT CORPORATION

By:_/s/ Tim Roche
Name: Tim Roche
Title: Chief Executive Officer

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE NINTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION]
110927129 v4
