State of Delaware
Secreta of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 08:39 PM 11/30/2012
FILED 08:05 PM 11/30/2012
SRV 121263006 ~ 3739994 FILE CF COND CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF
SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

AWAREPOINT CORPORATION

AWAREPOINT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the “Corporation”), does hereby
certify that:

First: The name of the Corporation is AwarePoint Corporation and the original name of
the corporation was AWP Acquisition Corporation.

SECOND: The date of filing of the original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was December 5, 2003.

THIRD: The Board of Directors of the Corporation, acting in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 141 and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
“DGCL”), adopted resolutions amending the Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation (the “Restated Certificate’’) as follows:

A. Paragraph A. of Article IV of the Restated Certificate shall be amended and
restated to read as follows:

“The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” . The total number of
shares which the Company is authorized to issue is 426,508,909 shares,
162,310,445 shares of which shall be Common Stock (the “Common Stock”) and
264,198,464 shares of which shall be Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock”).
The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share and the Common
Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share.”

B. The tenth sentence of Paragraph C. of Article IV of the Restated Certificate shall
be amended and restated to read as follows:

“59,310,445 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Series F Preferred Stock” (the “Series F Preferred”).”

C. The eleventh sentence of Paragraph C. of Article IV of the Restated Certificate
shall be amended and restated to read as follows:

“59,310,445 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Series F-1 Preferred Stock” (the “Series F-1 Preferred”).”

D. The second sentence of Article IV, Section D.5.(a) of the Restated Certificate
shall be amended and restated to read as follows:

“The number of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series Preferred
shall be entitled upon conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the
applicable “Series Preferred Conversion Rate” then in effect (determined as

1.
784109 v4/SD
provided in Section 5(b)) by the number of shares of Series Preferred being
converted; provided, however, that if such conversion occurs within 90 days prior
to the Second Closing (as defined in the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement to
be entered into by and among the Company and the parties listed as “Investors”
thereunder on or about December 3, 2012 (as the same may be amended from
time to time, the “2012 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement”), then one-
tenth of the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such
conversion shall be issuable upon such conversion.

E. A new subsection (I) shall be inserted into Article [V, Section D.5.(h)(v) of the
Restated Certificate which shall read in its entirety as follows:

“(1) Convertible Securities to be issued pursuant to the 2012 Note and Warrant
Purchase Agreement and shares of Common Stock and/or Preferred Stock issued
upon conversion of such Convertible Securities.”

F. A new subsection (p) shall be inserted into Article IV, Section D.5 of the Restated
Certificate which shall read in its entirety as follows:

“(p) Special Mandatory Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Section 4, the following special mandatory conversion
provisions shall apply solely to the sale and issuance of Notes (as defined in the
2012 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement) contemplated under the 2012 Note
and Warrant Purchase Agreement.

(i) Mandatory Conversion. In the event that any Investor (as
defined in the 2012 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement) fails to satisfy its
obligation to purchase at the Second Closing a Note having a principal amount
equal to the dollar amount of the Note purchased by such Investor at the Initial
Closing (as defined in the 2012 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement), all of the
shares of Preferred Stock held by such non-participating Investor and such non-
participating Investor’s Affiliated Funds (as defined below) shall be
automatically, and without further action on the part of such non-participating
Investor, converted into shares of Common Stock on the basis of 10 shares of
Preferred Stock for one share of Common Stock, immediately following the
Second Closing; provided, that if a Investor’s Affiliated Funds purchase such
Investor’s allocated Pro Rata Shares, such purchase shall be deemed participating
by such Investor for purposes of this Section 5(p)(i). For purpose of this Section
5(p), an “Affiliated Fund” of a particular entity shall mean a person or entity (1)
that is a subsidiary, parent, partner, limited partner, retired partner, member,
retired member or stockholder of such entity or (2) that is an affiliated fund or
entity of such entity, which means, with respect to a limited partnership, limited
liability company or a limited liability partnership, without limitation, the
manager, managing member, general partner or management company of such
entity, or a fund or entity managed by the same manager or managing member or
general partner or management company or by an entity controlling, controlled

784109 v4/SD
by, or under common control with such manager or managing member or general
partner or management company.

(ii) Mandatory Conversion Mechanics. In the event of a
mandatory conversion of shares of Preferred Stock as set forth in this Section

5(p), such shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any
further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent,
shall be deemed to be no longer outstanding, and all rights with respect thereto
shall forthwith cease and terminate, except only the rights of the holder, upon
surrender of its certificate or certificates therefor (or lost certificate affidavit and
agreement), (1) to receive the shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall
be entitled upon conversion thereof and (2) with respect to dividends declared but
unpaid prior to such conversion date. Such conversion shall be deemed to have
been made immediately following the Second Closing, and the person(s) entitled
to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable under such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder(s) of such shares of Common Stock
on such date.”

FOURTH: Thereafter, pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors, this Certificate
of Amendment was submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation for their approval, and was
duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 228 and 242 of the DGCL.

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

784109 v4/SD
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, AwarePoint Corporation has caused this Second Certificate of
Amendment of Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its
Chief Executive Officer this 30" day of November, 2012.

AWAREPOINT CORPORATION

By: /s/ John E. Deady
John E. Deady

Chief Executive Officer

784109 v4/SD
