State of Delaware
Secre of State
Division o Corporations

03

Delivered 03:01

4/23/2007

FILED 02:58 PM 03/23/2007
SRV 070354671 - 3586939 FILE

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
AXIAL BIOTECH, INC.

Axial Biotech, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Corporation”, certifies that:

A. The name of the Corporation is Axial Biotech, Inc. The Corporation’s original

Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on

November !, 2002, and the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed on January
28, 2005. The original name of the Corporation was Scolicure, LLC.

B. This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and
restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of
Incorporation.

C, The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is amended and restated to read as set
forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Axial Biotech, Inc. has caused this Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by John M. Climaco, a duly authorized officer of the
Corporation, on March 23 2007.

JohniM. Climaco
President
EXHIBIT A

ARTICLE |
The name of the Corporation is Axial Biotech, Inc.

ARTICLE I]

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE II]

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801. The name of the
registered agent at such address is Corporate Service Company.

ARTICLE IV

The total number of shares of stock that this corporation shall have authority to issue is
47,000.000, consisting of 30,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, which
Common Stock shall consist of 27,900,000 shares of voting Common Stock (the “Voting Common
Stock”) and 2,100,000 shares of non-voting Common Stock (the “Non-Voting Common Stock’) and
17,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, 6,000,000 of which shall be
designated “Series A Preferred Stock”, 6,400,000 of which shall be designated “Series B-I Voting
Preferred Stock’, 600,000 of which shall be designated “Series B-1 Non-Voting Preferred
Stock”, 2,500,000 of which shall be designated“Series B-2 Voting Preferred Stock”, and
1,500,000 of which shall be designated “Series B-2 Non-Voting Preferred Stock”. The Series B-|
Voting Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Non-Voting Preferred Stock shall be referred to collectively
as the “Series B-1 Preferred Stock’, the Series B-2 Voting Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Non-
Voting Preferred Stock shall be referred to collectively as the “Series B-2 Preferred Stock’; the
Series B-1 Non-Voting Preferred Stock and the Series B-2 Non-Voting Preferred Stock shal! be
referred to collectively as the “Series B Non-Voting Preferred Stock’; and the Series B-1 Preferred
Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock shall, whether voting or non-voting, be referred to collectively
as the “Series B Preferred Stock.’ The rights and preferences of Series B Non-Voting Preferred
Stock shall be substantially identical to those of the Series B Voting Stock, except that such shares
shall have no voting rights.

ARTICLE V
The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this ARTICLE V, the following definitions shall apply:

US_WEST 260169349.8
(a) “Change of Controf shal] mean the acquisition of the Corporation by another
entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions to which the Corporation is party
(including, without limitation, any stock acquisition, reorganization, merger or consolidation but
excluding any sale of stock for capital raising purposes) other than a transaction or series of
transactions in which the holders of the voting securities (and/or the holders of the non-voting
securities that are convertible into voting securities of the Corporation in accordance herewith) of the
Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to retain (either by such
voting securities remaining outstanding or by such voting securities or non-voting securities being
converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), as a result of shares in the Corporation held
by such holders prior to such transaction, at least a majority of the total issued and outstanding
securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction
or series of transactions.

(b) Conversion Price’ shall mean the Original Issue Price for the applicable series of
Preferred Stock.

(c) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(d) “Corporation” shall mean Axial Biotech, Inc.

(e) “Distribution” shal] mean the transfer of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise (other than dividends on Common Stock
payable in Common Stock) or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation for cash or
property other than: (i) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers,
directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment
or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right,
and (iii) any other repurchase or redemption of capital stock of the Corporation approved by the
Board of Directors, including at least one director elected by the holders of Series A Preferred Stock
(each, a “Series A Director’) and one director elected by the holders of Series B Preferred Stock
(each, a “Series B Director’).

(f) “Dividend Rate” shall mean an annual rate of $0.025165 per share for the
Series A Preferred Stock, $0.05432 per share for the Series B-! Preferred Stock and $0.07056 per
share for the Series B-2 Preferred Stock (subject, in each case, to adjustment for Recapitalizations as
set forth elsewhere herein).

(g) “Liguidation Preference” shall mean an amount per share equal to the sum of the
Original Issue Price plus any accrued but unpaid dividends for the relevant series of Preferred Stock
as further described in Section 2(a) of this Article.

(h) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

2
US_WEST-260169349.8
(i) “Original Issue Date” shall mean with respect to each series of Preferred Stock,
the date of the first issuance of any shares of such series of Preferred Stock.

(j) Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.7190 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock, $1.552 per share for the Series B-] Preferred Stock and $2.016 per share for the Series B-2
Preferred Stock, in each case subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations and as
otherwise set forth elsewhere herein.

(k) “Preferred Stock’ shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B-1
Preferred Stock and the Series B-2 Preferred Stock, subject to the rights of other series of Preferred
Stock which may from time to time come into existence.

(l) “Qualified [PO” shall mean a firmly underwritten public offering of Common
Stock of the Corporation pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities
Act, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the Corporation with a per
share public offering price (after deduction of underwriter commissions and expenses) equal to or
greater than five times the Original Issue Price for the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and with aggregate

offering proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $25,000,000 after deduction of underwriters
commissions and expenses.

(m)“Recapitalization” shall mean any stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event.

(n) “Securities Act’ shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended

2. Dividends.

(a) Series B Preferred Stock. From and after the date of the issuance of any shares of
Series B Preferred Stock, in any calendar year, dividends at the Dividend Rate for the Series B
Preferred Stock shall accrue (the “Series B Accruing Dividends”) in preference and priority to any
declaration or payment of any Distribution on Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock in such
calendar year. The Series B Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day pro rata from the
Original Issue Date of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, whether or not earned or delivered,
and shall be cumulative. The Series B Accruing Dividend shall be payable by the Corporation (i)
when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, or (ii) upon a (A) Liquidation Event (so long as
such Liquidation Event is not an Affiliated Change of Control), or (B) a Qualified IPO. An
“Affiliated Change of Controf” shall mean a Change of Control in which a party affiliated with
Johnson & Johnson Development Corporation or DePuy Corporation merges with or acquires the
Corporation or substantially all or substantially all of its assets. Any accrued but unpaid dividends
provided for in this Section 2 sha!l be payable in cash or in Common Stock, as agreed at such time
by the Corporation and the holders of a majority of the Series B Preferred Stock, with the number of
shares of Common Stock of a holder into which such dividends may be converted being determined
by dividing the aggregate amount of the accumulated but unpaid dividend due such holder by the
then fair market value of one share of Common Stock. For purposes of this Section 2, the fair
market value of one share of Common Stock shall be (x) the initial “price to the public” specified in

3
US_WEST:260169349.8
the final prospectus with respect to a Qualified IPO; (y) the value reccived by the holders of
Common Stock pursuant to a Change of Control for each share of such securities or (z) in the event
that neither (x) nor (y) above have occurred, the fair market value as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors. No Distributions shall be made with respect to the Common Stock until the
Accruing Dividends and all declared dividends on the Preferred Stock have been paid or set aside for
payment to the holders of Preferred Stock.

(b) Series A Preferred Stock. From and after the date of the issuance of any shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, in any calendar year, dividends at the Dividend Rate for the Series A
Preferred Stock shall accrue (the “Series A Accruing Dividends’) in preference and priority to any
declaration or payment of any Distribution on Common Stock in such calendar year. The Series A
Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day pro rata from the Original Issue Date, whether or
not earned or delivered, and shall be cumulative. The Series A Accruing Dividend shall be payable
by the Corporation (i) when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, or (ii) upon a (A)
Liquidation Event (so long as such Liquidation Event is not an Affiliated Change of Control), or (B)
a Qualified IPO. Any accrued but unpaid dividends provided for in this Section 2 shall be payable in
cash or in Common Stock, as agreed at such time by the Corporation and the holders of a majority of
the Series A Preferred Stock, with the number of shares of Common Stock of a holder into which
such dividends may be converted being determined by dividing the aggregate amount of the
accumulated but unpaid dividend due such holder by the then fair market value of one share of
Common Stock. No Distributions shall be made with respect to the Common Stock until the
Accruing Dividends and all declared dividends on the Preferred Stock have been paid or set aside for
payment to the holders of Preferred Stock.

(c) Additional Dividends. After the payment or setting aside for payment of the
dividends described in Section 2(a) and 2(b) hereof, any additional dividends (other than dividends
on Common Stock payable solely in Common Stock) declared or paid in any fiscal year shall be
declared or paid among the holders of the Preferred Stock and Common Stock then outstanding in
proportion to the greatest whole number of shares of Common Stock which would be held by each
such holder if all shares of Preferred Stock were converted at the then-effective Conversion Rate (as
defined in Section 4 hereof).

(d) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this Section 2
shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be deemed to be the
fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

3. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Series B Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary: the holders of Series B Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of
the Corporation to the holders of the Serics A Preferred Stock or Common Stock solely by reason of
their ownership of such stock, an amount per share for each share of Series B Preferred Stock held
by them equal to the Liquidation Preference specified for such share of Series B Preferred Stock. If
upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation

4
US_WEST 260169349 8
legally available for distribution to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are insufficient to
permit the payment to such holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(a), then the entire
assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equal priority and
pro rata among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts they
would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3(a).

(b) Series A Liquidation Preference. After the distribution described in Section 3(a)
above has been paid in full, prior to and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an amount per share for each share of Series A
Preferred Stock held by them equal to the Liquidation Preference specified for such share of Series
A Preferred Stock. If upon the occurrence of such event, the assets of the Corporation legally
available for distribution to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(b), then the entire remaining
assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equal priority and
pro rata among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts they
would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3(b).

(c) Remaining Assets. After the payment to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full
preferential amounts specified above, the entire remaining assets of the Corporation legally available
for distribution by the Corporation shall be distributed with equal priority and pro rata among the
holders of the Preferred Stock and Common Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Common
Stock held by them, with the shares of Preferred Stock being treated for this purpose as if they had
been converted to shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Rate.

(d) Shares_not_Treated_as Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock in any
Distribution. Shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of Common

Stock in order to participate in any Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of Common
Stock, without first foregoing participation in the Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of
Preferred Stock.

(e) Reorganization. For purposes of this Section 3, a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, (a) a Change of
Control; (b)a sale, lease or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation; or (c) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary
or involuntary (collectively, a “Liquidation Event’).

(f) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation
distributed to stockholders in connection with any Liquidation Event are other than cash, then the
value of such assets shall be their fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors, except that any publicly-traded securities to be distributed to stockholders in a liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shali be valued as follows:

(i) if the securities are then traded on a national securities exchange or the
Nasdaq Stock Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value of the securities shall

5
US WEST:260169349.8
be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over
the 10 trading day period ending 5 trading days prior to the Distribution; and

(ii) if the securities are actively traded over-the-counter, then the value of
the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the 10
trading day period ending 5 trading days prior to the Distribution.

In the event of a Change of Control, the Distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such
transaction closes.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows
(the “Conversion Rights’):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shal! be convertible, at the option
of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock. into that number of fully paid,
nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Original Issue Price for the
relevant series by the Conversion Price for such series. (The number of shares of Common Stock
into which each share of Preferred Stock of a series may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the
“Conversion Rate” for each such series.) Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price for
any series of Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the Conversion Rate for such series
shall be appropriately increased or decreased. Each share of Series B Voting Preferred Stock shall
be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share
at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into one fully paid,
nonassessable share of Series B Non-Voting Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Non-Voting
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of
issuance of such share at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock,
into one fully paid, nonassessable share of Series B Voting Preferred Stock.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion
Rate for such share (i) immediately prior to the closing of a Qualified IPO or (ii) as to a series of
Preferred Stock of the Corporation, upon the receipt by the Corporation of a written request for such
conversion from the holders of a majority of the shares of such series of Preferred Stock then
outstanding, or, if later, the effective date for conversion specified in such requests (each of the
events referred to in (i) and (ii) are referred to herein as an “Automatic Conversion Event’).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder would
otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then
fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors. For such
purpose, all shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock shall be aggregated,
and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash. Before any holder of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and to
receive certificates therefor, he shall either (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly

6
US_WEST 260169349 8
endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or
(B) notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost. stolen or
destroyed and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the same; provided, however, that on the date of
an Automatic Conversion Event, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent;
provided further, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion Event unless either the
certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. On the date of the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion Event, each holder of record
of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shares of
Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that notice from the
Corporation shall not have been received by any holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock, or
that the certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered to
such holder.

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or after such agreement and
indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled as aforesaid and
a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a
conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the
converted Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior
to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to reccive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such date; provided, however, that if the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act or a merger, sale, financing,
or liquidation of the Corporation or other event, the conversion may, at the option of any holder
tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of such transaction or
upon the occurrence of such event, in which case the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such

Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such transaction or the occurrence of such
event.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definition. For purposes of this Section 4(d), “New
Securities” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 4(d)(iii), deemed

7
US_WEST.260169349 8
to be issued) by the Corporation after the filing of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, other than issuances or deemed issuances of:

(1) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a dividend or
distribution on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to

Section 4(e), 4(f) or 4(g) hereof;

(2) shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise or conversion of
Options or Convertible Securities outstanding as of the date of the filing of this Second Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation;

(3) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to officers. directors
and employees of, or consultants to, the Corporation pursuant to stock grants, option plans, purchase
plans or other employee stock incentive programs or arrangements approved by the Board of
Directors, or upon exercise of Options granted to such parties pursuant to any such plan or
arrangement, provided, that such issuances are approved by the Board of Directors, including a
Series A Director and a Series B Director;

(4) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to banks, equipment
lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing or commercial leasing transaction
approved by the Board of Directors, provided, that such issuances are approved by the Board of
Directors, including a Series A Director and a Series B Director;

(5) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the
acquisition of another corporation by the Corporation by merger, purchase of substantially all of the
assets or other reorganization or to a joint venture agreement or the entry by the Corporation into
partnering or licensing relationships or joint ventures with a non-affiliated third party provided, that

such issuances are approved by the Board of Directors, including a Series A Director and a Series B
Director; and

(6) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with any
issuance unanimously approved by the Board of Directors.

(ji) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion
Price of a particular series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of New
Securities unless the consideration per share (as determined pursuant to Section 4(d)(v)) for an
Additional Share of Common issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the
Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, for such series of
Preferred Stock.

(iii) | Deemed Issue of New Securities. In the event that the Corporation at
any time or from time to time after the date of the filing of this Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record
date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or

Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating

8
US_ WEST:2601169349.8
thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such
number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of such
Convertible Securities, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities or, in the case of
Options for Convertible Securities. the exercise of such Options and the conversion or exchange of
the underlying securities, shall be deemed to have been issued as of the time of such issue or, in case
such a record date shal] have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, provided
that in any such case in which shares are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of any series of
Preferred Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of
Common Stock in connection with the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms provide,
with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable to the Corporation
or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange
thereof (other than a change pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of such Options or Convertible
Securities such as this Section 4(d) or pursuant to Recapitalization provisions of such Options or
Convertible Securities such as Sections 4(e), 4(f) and 4(g) hereof), the Conversion Price of each
series of Preferred Stock and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall be recomputed to
reflect such change as if such change had been in effect as of the original issue thereof (or upon the
occurrence of the record date with respect thereto);

(3) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) above shall have the effect
of increasing the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock to an amount above the Conversion
Price that would have resulted from any other issuances of New Securities and any other adjustments
provided for herein between the origina! adjustment date and such readjustment date;

(4) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the
Conversion Price of each Series of Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue thereof (or
upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based
thereon shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

(a) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only New Securities issued were the shares of Common Stock, if any, actually
issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options plus the consideration actually received by the
Corporation upon such exercise or for the issue of all such Convertible Securities which were
actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually received by the
Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and

(b) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, only the
Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of

9
US_ WEST:260169349 8
issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the New Securities
deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for the
issue of such exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been received by the
Corporation (determined pursuant to Section 4(d)(v)) upon the issue of the Convertible Securities
with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; and

(5) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in
the Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of
business on such record date, and thereafter the Conversion Price shal] be adjusted pursuant to this
Section 4(d)(iii) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of New Securities. In
the event this Corporation shall issue New Securities (including New Securities deemed to be issued

pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(iii)) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the
applicable Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock in effect on the date of and immediately
prior to such issue, then, the Conversion Price of the affected series of Preferred Stock shall be
reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price equal to the consideration per share received by the
Corporation for such New Securities so issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price
shall not be reduced at such time if the amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01, but any
such amount shall be carried forward, and a reduction will be made with respect to such amount at
the time of, and together with, any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any
other amounts so carried forward, equal $0.01 or more in the aggregate.

(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 4(d), the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue (or deemed issue) of any New Securities
shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate
amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable discounts,
commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or
otherwise in connection with such issuance:

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors: and

(c) in the event New Securities are issued together with other
shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which covers both, be the
proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (a) and (b) above, as
reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

US_WEST 260169349 8
(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share
received by the Corporation for New Securities deemed to have been issued pursuant to
Section 4(d)(iii) shall be determined by dividing

(x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Corporation as
considcration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate
amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to
any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(e) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the event
that the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a

stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion
Price of each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event
that the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise)
into a Jesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior
to such combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be
proportionately increased.

(f)} Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. In the event
that the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be subdivided (by
stock split, by payment of a stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of
Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the affected
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event that the outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shal] be combined (by reclassification or
otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price
and Liquidation Preference of the affected series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to

such combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

(g) Adjustments _for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to
Section 3 above (“Liquidation Rights”), if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or
classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a
subdivision or combination of shares provided for above), then, in any such event, in lieu of the
number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive

ia
US_WEST:260169349 8
each holder of such Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such shares of Preferred
Stock into a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock which a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock immediately
before that change would have been entitled to receive in such reorganization or reclassification, all
subject to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares.

(h) No Impairment. The Corporation will not through any reorganization, transfer of
assets, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by
the Corporation but will at al! times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of
this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 4(h) shall prohibit the Corporation from
amending its Certificate of Incorporation with the requisite consent of its stockholders and the board
of directors.

(i) Certificate _as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish
to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments. (ii) the
Conversion Price at the time in effect and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
Preferred Stock.

(j) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock may
be waived by the consent or vote of the holders of the majority of the outstanding shares of such
series either before or after the issuance causing the adjustment.

(k) Notices of Record Date. In the event that this Corporation shal] propose at any
time:

(1) to declare any Distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out of
earnings or earned surplus:

(ii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock
outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

(iii) to voluntarily liquidate or dissolve or to enter into any transaction

deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation pursuant to Section 3(e);

12
US_WEST 260169349.8
then, in connection with each such event, this Corporation shall send to the holders of the
Preferred Stock at least 10 days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record shall] be taken for
such Distribution (and specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled
thereto and, if applicable, the amount and character of such Distribution) or for determining rights to
vote in respect of the matters referred to in (ii) and (iii) above.

Such written notice shall be given by first class mail (or express courier), postage prepaid,
addressed to the holders of Preferred Stock at the address for each such holder as shown on the
books of the Corporation and shall be deemed given on the date such notice is mailed.

The notice provisions set forth in this section may be shortened or waived prospectively or
retrospectively by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock.

(1) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of (i) Voting Common

Stock solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Voting Preferred Stock
and the Non-Voting Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Voting Common Stock as shall
from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred
Stock; (ii) Non-Voting Common Stock solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the
shares of the Non-Voting Preferred Stock or, if converted in accordance with clause (i) hereof,
Voting Common Stock, such number of its shares of Non-Voting Common Stock as shall! from time
to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Non-Voting
Preferred Stock and the Voting Common Stock. If at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in
the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

5. Right to Convert. Each share of Voting Common Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Common Stock, into one share of fully paid, nonassessable
shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, and each share of Non-Voting Common Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at
the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Common Stock, into one share of fully
paid, nonassessable shares of Voting Common Stock.

6. Voting.
(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together
and not as separate classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law, there shall
be no series voting.

US_WEST:260169349.8
(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Voting Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Voting
Preferred Stock held by such holder could be converted as of the record date. The holders of shares
of the Voting Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which the Common Stock
shall be entitled to vote. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’
meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not, however, be
permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all
shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be
disregarded.

(d) Election of Directors.

(i) | So long as the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, the shares of issued and outstanding Series B Non-Voting Preferred Stock)
hold 20% or more of then issued and outstanding shares the Corporation, calculated on a fully
diluted, as if converted basis, they, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two members
of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors. So long as the holders of the Senes B
Preferred Stock (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the shares of issued and outstanding Series B
Non-Voting Preferred Stock) hold less than 20% of then issued and outstanding shares of the
Corporation, they, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one member of the
Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s
stockholders for the election of directors.

(ii) | So long as the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock hold 20% or
more of the combined voting power of the Corporation, they, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect two members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to
each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors. So long as the holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock hold less than 20% of the combined voting power of the Corporation,
they, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the
election of directors.

(iii) The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors.

(iv) | Any additional members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors shall
be elected by the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class.

(e) Adjustment in Authorized Common Stock. The number of authorized shares of
Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding) by an affirmative vote of (i) the holders of a majority of the stock of the
Corporation and (ii) the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred
Stock voting as a single class as further described in Section 7 hereof.

14
US_WEST-260169349.8
(f) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Voting Common Stock shall be entitled
to one vote for each share thereof held.

7. Redemption.

(a) At any time after the Sth anniversary of the Original Issue Date of the Series B-2
Preferred Stock (or if the issuance of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock does not occur. the Original
Issue Date of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock), and at the election of the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, this Corporation shall redeem, out of
funds legally available therefor, all (but not less than all) outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
which have not been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 hereof, in three cqual
annual installments (each a “Redemption Date”). The Corporation shall redeem the shares of
Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock by paying in cash an amount per share equal
to the Original Issue Price for such series of Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to all accrued but
unpaid dividends thereon, whether or not earned (the “Redemption Price’). The number of shares
of Preferred Stock that the Corporation shall be required under this Section 7 to redeem on any one
Redemption Date shall be equal to the amount determined by dividing: (a) the aggregate number of
shares of Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Redemption Date by; (b) the number
of remaining Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date to which such calculation applies).
If the funds legally available for redemption of the Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the
payment to such holders of the full respective Redemption Prices, the Corporation shall effect such
redemption pro rata among the Preferred Stock so that each holder of Preferred Stock shall receive a
redemption payment equal to a fraction of the aggregate amount available for redemption, the
numerator of which is the number of shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder with each
number multiplied by the Redemption Price of each share of Preferred Stock held by such holder,
and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding multiplied by
the Redemption Price of each such outstanding share of Preferred Stock.

(b) Any redemption effected pursuant to Section 7(a) shall be made on a pro rata
basis among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the shares of Preferred Stock then
held by them.

(c) At least 15, but no more than 30 days prior to cach Redemption Date, written
notice shal] be mailed, first class postage prepaid, to each holder of record (at the close of business
on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given) of the Preferred Stock to be
redeemed, at the address last shown on the records of the Corporation for such holder, notifying such
holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying the number of shares to be redeemed from such
holder, the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price, the place at which payment may be obtained
and calling upon such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place
designated, the holder’s certificate or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed (the
“Redemption Notice”). Except as provided herein, on or after the Redemption Date each holder of
Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender to this Corporation the certificate or certificates
representing such shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and
thereupon the Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose

15
US_WEST.260169349.8
name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate
shall be cancelled. In the event less than all the shares represented by any such certificate are
redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares.

(d) From and after the applicable Redemption Datc, unless there shall have been a
default in payment of the Redemption Price, all rights of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock
designated for redemption in the Redemption Notice as holders of Preferred Stock (except the right
to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificate or certificates)
shall cease with respect to the shares designated for redemption on such date, and such shares shall
not thereafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for any
purpose whatsoever. If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of shares of
Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem the total number of shares of
Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds which are legally available will be used to
redeem the maximum possible number of such shares ratably among the holders of such shares to be
tedeemed based upon their holdings of Preferred Stock. The shares of Preferred Stock not redeemed
shall remain outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time
thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation are legally available for the redemption of shares
of Preferred Stock such funds will immediately be used to redeem the balance of the shares which
the Corporation has become obliged to redeem on any Redemption Date, but which it has not
redeemed.

(e) On or prior to each Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit the
Redemption Price of all shares of Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption
Notice and not yet redeemed with a bank or trust corporation having aggregate capital and surplus in
excess of $100,000,000, as a trust fund for the benefit of the respective holders of the shares
designated for redemption and not yet redeemed, with irrevocable instructions and authority to the
bank or trust corporation to pay the Redemption Price for such shares to their respective holders on
or after the Redemption Date upon receipt of notification from the Corporation that such holder has
surrendered a share certificate to the Corporation pursuant to Section 7(c) above. As of the
Redemption Date, the deposit shall constitute full payment of the shares to their holders, and from
and after the Redemption Date the shares so called for redemption shall be redeemed and shall be
deemed to be no longer outstanding, and the holders thereof shal] cease to be stockholders with
respect to such shares and shall have no rights with respect thereto except the right to receive from
the bank or trust corporation payment of the Redemption Price of the shares, without interest, upon
surrender of their certificates therefor. Such instructions shall also provide that any moneys
deposited by the Corporation pursuant to this Section 7(e) for the redemption of shares thereafter
converted into shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 hercof prior to the
Redemption Date shall be returned to the Corporation forthwith upon such conversion. The balance
of any moneys deposited by the Corporation pursuant to this Section 7(e) remaining unclaimed at the
expiration of 2 years following the Redemption Date shall thereafter be returned to the Corporation
upon its request expressed in a resolution of its Board of Directors.

8. Amendments and Changes. As long as 50% of the maximum number of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock ever issued remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining

16

US_WEST 260169349 8
the approval (by vote or wrilten consent as provided by law) of the holders of one-third of the
outstanding shares of the Series B Voting Preferred Stock. which shall include the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of the Series B Non-Voting Preferred Stock (so long as such
holders of Series B Non-Voting Preferred Stock hold at least one-third of the outstanding sharcs of
the Series B Voting Preferred Stock), each voting as a separate class:

(a) materially and adversely alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the
Series B Preferred whether by merger. consolidation or otherwise;

(b) voluntarily liquidate or dissolve or enter into any transaction or series of related
transactions constituting a Liquidation Event pursuant to Section 3(e) above;

(c) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws
of the Corporation (including pursuant to a merger) relative to the Series B Preferred Stock;

(d) authorize or create (by reclassification, merger or otherwise) any new class or
series of shares having a preference over, or being on parity with, the Series B Preferred Stock with
respect to voting, dividends, redemption, conversion or upon liquidation;

(e) redeem any shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock (other than as then
provided in the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation or pursuant to restricted stock purchase
agreements or employment or service agreements that provide for the Corporation to have a right to
repurchase shares (i) at cost upon termination of service or (ii) at any price pursuant to the
Corporation’s exercise of a right of first refusal or right to purchase such shares upon an involuntary
termination);

(f) increase or decrease (other than for decreases resulting from conversion of the
Preferred Stock) the authorized number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Common Stock;

(g) declare or pay any Distribution on Common Stock or Preferred Stock of the
Corporation;

(h) authorize a Change of Control:
(i) increase or decrease the authorized number of directors from seven; or

(j) take any action that results in a transaction with an affiliate of the Corporation
(other than transactions that are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors).

As long as 50% of the maximum number of shares of the Preferred Stock ever issued remain
outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written

consent as provided by law) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Voting Preferred Stock, voting together as single class:

17
US_WEST 260169349.8
(i) voluntarily liquidate or dissolve or enter into any transaction or series of related
transactions constituting a Liquidation Event pursuant to Section 3(e) above;

(ii) authorize a Change of Control; or

(iii) take any action that results in a transaction with an affiliate of the Corporation
(other than transactions that are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors).

As long as 50% of the maximum number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock ever issued remain
outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent as provided by law) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock materially and adversely alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the
Series A Preferred.

9. Reissuance of Preferred Stock. In the event that any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 4, redeemed pursuant to Section 7 or otherwise repurchased by the
Corporation, the shares so converted, redeemed or repurchased shall be cancelled and shall not be
issuable by this Corporation.

10. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this ARTICLE V to be given to the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s address appearing on the books of
the Corporation.

ARTICLE V1

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless a stockholder demands election by
written ballot at the meeting and before voting begins or unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall
So provide.

ARTICLE VII

Unless otherwise set forth herein, the number of directors which constitute the Board of
Directors of the Corporation shall be designated in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VIII

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors
of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

ARTICLE IX

I. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same
exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to

the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for a breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

18
US_WEST:260169349.8
2. The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation or serves or served at any other
enterprise as a director at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor to the Corporation.

3. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was an
officer or employee of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation or serves or served at
any other enterprise as an officer or employee at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor to
the Corporation.

4. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this ARTICLE JX, nor the adoption of any
provision of this Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this ARTICLE IX,
shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this ARTICLE IX, in respect of any matter occurring, or any
action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this ARTICLE 1X, would accrue or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

5. To the maximum extent permitted from time to time under the law of the State of
Delaware, the Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in, or in being
offered an opportunity to participate in, business opportunities that are from time to time being
presented to its officers, directors or stockholders, other than (i) those officers, directors or
stockholders who are employees of the Corporation and (ii) those opportunities presented to such
officers, directors or stockholders expressly as a result of their activities as a director, officer or
stockholder of the Corporation. No amendment or repeal of this provision shal] apply to or have any
effect on the liability or alleged liability of any officer, director or stockholder of the Corporation for
or with respect to any opportunities which such officer, director or stockholder becomes aware prior
to such amendment or repeal.

ARTICLE X

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws
may provide. ‘Ihe books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the
statutes) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to
time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

US_WEST-260169349 8
