AQ654118 TL

F
D4 I2NGLO nee eee cu

of the State of Catfomia
AMENDED AND RESTATED DEC 21 ms
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AXIOM MICRODEVICES, INC.

Brett Butler and Bruce Warten certify that:

A. Brett Butler is the President and Chief Executive Officer and Bruce Warren is the
Chief Financial Officer of Axiom Microdevices, Inc, a California corporation (the “Corporation”):

B. The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are hereby amended and restated to
read in their entirety as follows
ARTICLE I
NAME

The name of this Corporation is Axiom Microdevices, Inc.
ARTICLE I
PURPOSE

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated under the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE Ul
CAPITAL STOCK

l. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, Preferred Stock ("Preferred Stock”) and Common Stock (“Common Stock"). The tota!
number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is two hundred
sixty one million five hundred thousand (261,500,000). The total number of shares of Preferred
Stock the Corporatior shall have authority to issue is one hundred eleven million five hundred
thousand (111 500.000). The total number of shares of Common Steck the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is one hundred fifty million (150,900,000). ‘The Preferred Stock and the Commen
Stock shall have a par value of S0.0001,
2. The Preferred Stock shall be divided into serics. The first series shal] consist of ten
million five hundred thousand (10,500,690) shares and is designated “Series A Preferred Stock.”
The second scries shall consist of nineteen million (19,000,000) shares and is designated “Series B
Preferred Stock.” The third series shall consisi of eighty two million (82,000,000) and is designated
“Series C Preterred Stock. Until amendment of these Articles of Incorporation, there shall be no
other series of Preferred Stock. The powers, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other matters
relating to the Preferred Stock are as set forth in Article IV below.

ARTICLE IV
PREFERRED STOCK

The powers, preferences, rights, restrictions, and other matters relating to the Preferred Stock
are as follows’

l. DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.
1.1 Rate of Dividends.

1.1.1 The holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends at the rate of $0.0245076 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations or the like with respect to the shares) per annum, payable out of funds legally
available therefore. Such divides.ds shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”), and shall be non-cumulative.

1.1.2 The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends at the rate of $C.0816 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits,
recapitalizations or the like with respect to the shares) per annum, payable out of funds legally
available therefore. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of
Directors. and shall be non-cumulative.

1.1.3. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive diviuends at the rate of $0.08 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations or the like with respect to such shares) per annum, payable out of funds
legally available therefor. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by ihe
Board of Directors, and shal] be non-cumulative.

1.2 Dividend Priority.

1.2.1 No dividends or other distributions (whether payable in cash,
securities, property or other assets) shall be paid on any Preferred Stock or Common Stock of the
Corporation until dividenus have been paid on the Preferred Stock in that current calendar ycar in the
total amounts per share set forth in Section 1.1, above (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations or the like with respect to such shares); provided, however, that
if the amount of a dividend or other distribution is not sufficie ut to pay the aggregate amount
required pursuant to Section 1.1, that dividend or distribution shall be distributed among the holders
of the Preferred Stock ratably in proportion to the full preferential amounts each holder weld be
entitled to receive pursuant to the terms of Section 1.1

1.2.2 In the event dividends or other distributions are paid on any sharcs of
Common Stock, a similar dividend or distribution, in addition to that which may be paid to satisfy the
condition precedent of a total amount as set forth in Section 1.1 shall be paid with respect to all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock in an amount equal per share (on an as-if-converted to
Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set aside for each share of Common Stock.

1.3 Non-Applicability of Dividend Priority. The prohibition on payment of
dividends and other distributions set forth in Section '.2 above shall not apply to:

1.3.1 Dividends payable solely in the Common Stock of the Corporation;

1.3.2 Acquisitions of Common Stock by the Corporation from employees,
directors or consultants up vn termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements
providing for the right of said repurchase at a price not greater than the fair market value of such
shares at the time of the repurchase;

1.3.3. Acquisitions of stock in exercise of the Corporation's right of first
refusal upon a proposed transfer; or

1.3.4 A distribution described in Section 2 below.

1.4 "Distribution". As used herein, “distribution” means the transfer of cash or
property without consideration, whether by way of dividend or otherwise (except a dividend in shares ~
of Common Stock of the Corporation) or the purchase of shares of the Corporation for cash or
property.

1.5 Rights Not implied. Except as otherwise provided no right shall accrue to
holders of shares of Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not
declared in any prior year, nor shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue any interesi.

2. LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE.

2.1 ‘Preferred Stock Preference. In the event of a liquidation, including a
“liquidation” as defined in Section 2.2 below, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation (each a
“Liquidation’’) all assc«s and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed to the holders of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock in the following order of
priority:

2.1.1 First, ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock until those
holders have received their respective preferential amounts of (x) $.3063459 per share plus all
deciared and unpaid dividends thereon (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations
recapitalizations or the like), in the case of the Series C Preferred, (y) $1.02 per share plus al!
declared and unpaid dividends thercon (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations
recapitalizations or the like), in the case of the Series B Preferred, and (z) $1.00 per share plus @ll
declared and unpaid dividends thereon (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinetions
recapitalizations or the like), in the case of the Series A Preferred: provided, however, that if the
assets and funds thus distributed among the holders af the Preferred Stock are insufficient to pennit
the payment to those holders of their full preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the
Corporation lepally available for distribution pursuant to this Section 2.1.1 shall be distributed ansne
the holders of the Preferred Stuck ratably in proportion to the fuli preferential amounts each holder
would be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.1.1;

2.1.2 Second, in addition to the amounts reccived in Section 2.1.1 above.
ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock according to the number of
shares of Common Stock (A) then held, with respect to holders of the Common Stock and (B) into
which the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are then convertible, until the holders of the
Preferred Stock have received an additional amount of (x) $0.6126978 per share plus all declared and
unpaid dividends thereon, in the case of the Series C Preferred, (vy) $2.04 per share plus all declared
and unpaid dividends thereon, in the case of the Series B Preferred, and (z) $2.00 per share p!us all
declared and unpai-j dividends thercon, in the case of the Series A Preferred.

2.1.3. Third. ratably among the holders of the Common Stock.

2.2 Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, but subject to waiver as provided
in Section 5.7.2 below, a liquidation shall include:

2.2.1 any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other
corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization or sale of voting control,
in which the shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or
reorganization, own less than fifty percent (£02) of tte surviving entity's voting power immediately
after such consolidation, merger or reorganization, or any transaction or series of related transactions
to which the Corporation is a party in which in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the Corporation's
voting power is transferred, excluding any consolidation or merger effected exclusively to change the
domicile of the Corporation; or

2.2.2 a sale, lease, license or ¢ «er disposition of all or substantialiy all of
the assets of the Corporation.

2.3 Liquidation Distribution. All consideration payable to the shareholders of the
Corpora::on (in the case of a merger or sale of voting cor trol). or all consideration payable to the
Corporati.i, together with al] other available assets of t':e Corporation (in the case of an asset sale),
shall be d.stribute J to the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Section 2.1
above. The amount decmed distributed to the holders of Preferred Stock upon any such merger or
sale shall be the cash or the value of the property, rights or securities distributed to such holders by
the acquiring person, firm or entity.

2.4 Fair Market Value of Disiribution. Whenever the distribution provided for in
this Section 2 shall be payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such distribution
shall be the fair market value of such securities or other property as determined in good 1aith by the

Board of Directors. Any securities shall be valued as fn!lows:

2.4.1 Iftraded on a securities exchange or through the NASDAQ Stock
Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such
quotation system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the distribution:

2.4.2 IPactively traded over-the-counter. the value shall he deemed to be
the average of the closing bid prices over the thirty (40) day period ending three (3) days prior to the
distribution:
2.4.3 If there is nu active public market, the value shall be the fair market
value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors; and

2.4.4 The method of valuation of securities subject to invesiment letter or
other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from
the market value determined in good faith as above to reflect the approximate fair nsarket value
‘nereof, as determined by the Board of Directors.

3. REDEMPTION. The holders of Preferre.i Stock shall have no right to require the
Corporation to redeem any of their shares of Preferred Stock.

4. VOTING RIGHTS.

4.] Each holder of Common Stock shal] be entitled to one (1) vote for each share
of Common Stock held. Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of
votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock
could be converted and shal] have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of
the Common Stock (except as otherwise expressly provided herein, in which case the Preferred Stock
shall vote together as a single class, or as required by law), voting together with the Common Stock
as a single class, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders' meeting in accordance with the
Bylaws of the Corporation. Tractional votes shall not be permitted, and any fractional voting rights
resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock
held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the iicarest whole number (with one-half
being rounded upward).

4.2 The authorized number of directors of the Board of Directors shall be five (5).
The holders of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, shall have the right to elect three
(3) directors of the Corporation. The holders of the Common S*ock shall have the right to clect two
(2) directors of the Corporazion.

5. CONVERSION. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows (the “Conversion Rights"):

5.1 Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereuf, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing, $v.3063459 by the Conversion Price (as
defined below) applicable to such share, determined as hereinafier provided, in effect on the date thc
certificate is surrendered for conversion. The price at which shares of Comino Stock shall be
deliverable upon conversion of shares of the Preferred Stack (the “Conversion Price") shall initially
be $0.3063459 per share of Ccimnon Stock. Such initial Conversion Pr'ce shal! pe adjusted as
hercinatter provided.

$.2 A_ tomatic Conversion.

$.2.]) Fach share of te: Preferred Stock shall automaucally be converted
inty shares CFCommon Stock at the then-effective Conversion Erice immediately upon the closing of
the sale of the Comoration's Common Stock ina Frm commibrent, uadensritten public offering

\
registered under the Securities Act of 1933. as amended (the "Securities Act”), other than a
registration relating sclely to a transaction under Ruiz 145 under such Act (or any successor thereto)
or to an employce benefit plan of the Corporation, (x) at a public offcring price (prior to underwriters’
discounts and expenses) that, when attributed tc the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
prior to the public offering or issuable upon the conversion of any Preferred Stock. (or other security
of the Corporation then outstanding that is convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock o7
purchasable upon the exercise of any rights, warrants, options or the like that are exercisable into
Common Stock or into a security convertible into Common Stock) imputes an aggregate value of
such stock of at least $150,000,000 and (y) and providing aggregate proceeds to the Corperation
and/or any selling shareholders (after deduction for underwriters’ discounts and expenses relating to
the issuance, including without limitation fees of the Corporaticn's coussel) that exceed $30,000,000
(a "Qualified Public Offering").

5.2.2. Each share of Preferred Stock will automatically convert upon the
agreement by the written cersent of the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock, voting together
as a single class.

5.3 Mechanics of Conversion.

§.3.1 Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the
same into shares of Common Stock, it shall] surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly
endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any; transfer agent fer such stcck, and shall give
written notice to the Corporation at suck office that it elects to convert the sarr.c and shall state
therein the name or names in which it wishes the certificate or certificates for shares nf Common
Stock ta be issued. The Corporation shail, as soon as practicable thereafter. issue and deliver to such
holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which it shall be
entitled as aforesaid; and at the same tire, if there are declared but unpaid dividends with respect to
such shares of Preferred Stock being converted, the Corporation shall pay the same to the holder
thereof. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of
business on the date of surrender of the shares of Freferred Stock to be converted, and the person or
persons cntitled to receive the shares of Common Steck issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date;
provided, however, that in the event of ar automatic conversion pursuant to Section 5.2, the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action by
the holders of such Preferred Stock and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are
sunendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent; and provided, further, that the Corporation shall
not be obligat:d to issuc certificate, evincing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
automatic conversion unless the certi:;cates evincing such stares of Preferred Stock are either
delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or such holder of Preferred Stock
notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or dest: xyed
and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporrtion to indemnify the Corporation from any
loss incurted by it in connection with such certificates. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
after suc! ‘clivery, or such agreement and indemnification in the case of a lost certificate, issue and
deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stcck, a certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which such holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled and a check
payable to such holder of Preferred Stock in the amount of ary cash amounts payable as the result of
2 conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock.

“I
5.3.2 If the conversion is in connection with a Qualified Public Offering,
the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering shares of Preierred Stock for conversion,
be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such
offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of
Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to ha’. ¢ converted such Prejerred Stock until immediately prior
to the closing of such sale of securities.

5.3.3 If the conversion is in connection with a Liquidation described in
Section 2.2 above, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering shares »f Preferred
Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the consummation of the Liquidation described in Sectioi:
2.2, in which event the person(s) entitled to -eceive the Common Stock upon conversion of Preferred
Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the
consummation of the Liquidation.

5.4 Adjustments to Conversion Price for Certain Diluting Issues.

5.4.1 Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section, 7.4, 5.5 and 5.7, the
following definitions apply:

5.4.1.1 "Options" shall mean rights, options, or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock, Preferred Stock, or Convertible
Securities (defined below).

5.4.1.2 "Convertible Securities" sha!l mean any evidences of
indebtedness, shares (other than Common Stock or Preferred Stock) or other securities convertible
into or exchangeable for Common Stock, directly or indirectly.

5.4.1.3 "Filing Date” shall mean the date un which these Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation are filed with the Secretary of State of the State of California.

S.4.1.4 “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all shaics
of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 5.4.4, dzemed to be issued) by the Corporation on
or after the Filing Date, other than shares of Common Stuck issued o- issuable:

5.4.1.4.1 upon conversion of shares of Pre ‘erred Stock;

5.4.1.4.2 asa dividend or distribution on Preferred Stock;

5.4.1.4.3 to service providers to the Corporation pursuant to
stock option or stock purchase plans or agreements on terms approved unanimously by the Board of
Directors, .owever, notwithstanding the foregoing, any shares of Common Stock issued or deemed

to be issued primarily for equity financing purposes shall be Additional Shares of Common Stock:

5.4.1.4.4 upon exercise ar conversion of options or warrants
outstanding as of the Filing Date;

$.4.1.4.5 in connection with commercial borrowing, capital
equipment leases, technology acquisitions and other comparable transactions approved unanimously

by the Board of Directors; provided, notwithstanding the foregoing, any shares of Cornen Stock

vi
issued or deemed to be issued primarily for equity financing purposes shall be Additicnal Shares of
Common Stock;

5.4.1.4.6 issuances in a Qualified Pubiic Offering;

5.4.1.4.7 in connection with the acquisition of another entity
by the Conporation where the Corporation is the surviving entity; or

5.4.t.4.8 for which adjustment of the Conversion Price is
made pursuant to Section 5.5 below.

5.4.2 No Adjustment of Conversion Price. Any provision herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment ia the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock
shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock unless the
consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section 5.4.6 hereof) for an Additional Share of
Common Stock issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is without censideration or for a
consideration per share less than the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in effect on
the Jate of, and immediately prior to, such issue.

5.4.3 Multiple Closing Dates. In the event the Corporation shal] issue on
more than one date Additional Shares of Common Stock which are compr:sed of shares of the same
series or class of stock, and such issuance dates occur within a period of no more than 120 days, then,
upon the final such issuance, the Conversion Price for a series of Preferred Stock shall be adjusted to
give effect to all such issuances as if they occurred on the date of the final such issuance (and without
giving effect to any adjustments as a result of such prior issuances within such period).

5.4.4 Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event
the Corporation at any time or from time to time on or after the Filing Date shall] issue any Options or
Convertible Securities or shail fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities then entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum
number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions
contained therein designed to protect against dilution) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise
of Options or, in the case of Convertible Securitics and Opticns for Convertible Securities or for
Preterred Siock, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities or Preferred Stack, shall
be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case
sucl, a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, provided
that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issucd:

5.4.4.1 no further adjustments in the Conversion Price shall be made
upor the subsequent issue of such Convertible Securities, or Preferred Stock or shares of Common

Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities or
Preferred Stock;

$.4.4.2 ifsuch Options ar Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase or decrease in the consideration
payable to the Corporation, or decrease or increase in the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable, tipon the exercise. conversion or exchange thereof, the Conversion Price computed upon the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any
subsequent adjustinents based thereon, shall. upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective,

vill
be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Opticas or the rights of
conversien or exchange under such Convertible Securitics (provided, however, that no such
adjustment of the Conversion Price shal! affect Common Stock previously issued upon conversion of
the Preferred Stock);

5.4.4.3. upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the
Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date
with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon such expiration, be
recomputed as if:

5.4.4.3.1 in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares‘of Common Stock issued were the shares of Coramon
Stock. if any, actually issued upon the exercise uf such Options or the conversion or exchaiige of
such, Con*-zrtible Securities; and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the
consideration actually reccived by the Corporation upon such exercise, or for the issue of all such
Convertible Securities which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional
consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange; and

5.4.4.3.2 in the case of Options for Convertible Securities or
Preferred Stock. oaly the Convertible Securities or Preferred Stock, if any, actually issued upon the
exercise thereof were issued at the time of such Options; and the consideration received by the
Curporation for the Additional Shares of Commen Stock deemed to have been then issued was <he
consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, ~ nether or not
exercised, plus the consideration deemed tu have been received by the Corporation upon the issve of
the Convertible Securities or Preferred Stock with respect to which such Options were actually
exercised; and

5.4.4.4 no readjustment pursuant to subsection 5.4.4.2 or 5.4.4.3
above sha!! have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower
of (2) the Conversion Price for that series on the original adjustment date, or (b) the Conversion Price
for that serics that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock
between the original adjustment jate and such readjus:.nent date; and

5.4.4.5 in the case of any Options that expire by their terms not
more than 30 days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be
made exc 2pt as to shares of Preferred Stock converted in such period until the expiration or exercise
of all suc’) Options, whereupon such adjustment shall be made.

5.4.5 Adjustment of Conversion Price Upen Issuance of Additional Shares
of Cornmen Stock. In the event the Corporation, at any time on or after the Filing Date shall issue
Addisionai Shares o& Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to be
igsuce pursuant to Section 5.4.4) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the
Conversion Price with respect to any series of Preferred Stock in ¢ffect on the date of and
immediately prior to cuch issue, then and in such event, the Conversion Price for such series of
Preferred Stack shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest
cent) determined by multiplying that Conversion Price by a fraction:
(1) the numeratur of which shall be

(a) tie number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus (b) the number of shares of Common Stock that the
aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of Additiona! Shares of
Common Stock so issued would purchase at such Ce::version Price; and

(2) the denominator of which shall be

(a) the number of shares of Common Stock
cutstanding immediately prior to such issue, plus (b) the number of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock so issued.

For the purpose of the above calculation, the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issue shali be calculated on a fully diluted hasis, as if all shares of
Preferred Stock and all Convertible Securities had been fully converted into shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to such issuance and any outstanding Options had been fully exercised
immediately prior to such issuance (and the resulting securities fully converted into shares of
Common Stock, if so convertible). However, the above calculation shal! not take into account any
additional shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to shares of Preferred Stock, Convertible
Securities, or outstanding Options solely as a result of the adjusunent of the Conversion Price (or
other conversion ratios) resulting from the issuance of the Additional Shares of Common Stock
causing the adjustment in question.

5.4.6 Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Seci‘on 5.4, the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common Stock
shall be computed as follows:

5.4.6.1 Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

5.4.6.1.1 insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation excluding arnounts paid or payable for
accrued interest or accrued dividends;

5.4.6.1.2 insofar as it consists of property other than cash. be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as detevmined in good faith by the Buard
of Directors; and

5.4.6.1.3 inthe event Additional Shares of Common Stock
are issucd together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration
which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received. computed as provided in
subsections 5.4.6.1.] and 5.4.5.1.2 above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

5.4.6.2. Options and Convenible Securities. The consideration per

share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been

issued pursuant .o Section 5.4.4 relating to Options and Convertible Securities. shall be determined
by dividing:
()) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the
Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating
thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein designed to protect against dilution)
payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities; or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities or Preferred Stock, the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities or Preferred Stock and the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities or Preferred Stock; by

(2) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as
set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein
designed to protect against the dilution) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities.

5.5 Adjustments to Conversion Price for Stock Dividends and for Combinations
or Subdivisions of Common Stock. In the event that the Corporation at any time or from time to time
on or after the Filing Date (a) shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the
Common Stock payable in Common Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock for no
consideration, or (b) shall effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater number of shares of Common Stock (by stock split, reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in Commeii Stock or in any right to acquire Common Stock), or (c) in the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shal] be combined or consolidated, by reclassification
or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then the Conversion Price for any
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such event shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such event, be proportionately decreased or increased, as appropriate. In the event
that the Corporation shall declare or pay, without consideration, any dividend on the Common Stock
payable in any right to acquire Common Stock for no consideration, then the Corporation shall be
deemed to have made a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of shares equa! to the
maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire Common Stock:

5.6 Adjustments for Reclassification and Reorganization. If the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number
of shares of any other class or classes of stock. whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or
otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares provided for in Section 5.5 above or a
merger or other reorganization referred to in Section 2.2.1 above), the Conversion Price inen in effect
shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or reclassification, be
proportionately adjusted so that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible into a number of shares of
such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common Stock that would
have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Preferred Stock immediately
before that change.

5.7 Reorganizations, Mergers, Consolidations or Sales of Assets. If at any time
or from time to time on or after the Filing Date, there is a Capital Reorganization (a3 defined below)
(other than a Liquidation, of the type described in Section 2.2, or as a recapitalization, subdivision,
combination, reclassification, exchange or substitution of shares provided for elsewhere in this
Section $). provision shall be made as a part of such Capital Reorganization to the effeet that the
holders of the Preferred Stack snall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Preferred
Sieck the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation to which a
holder of the number of shares of Common Steck deliverable upon conversion would have been

Ni
entitled on such Capital Reorganization, subject to adjustment in respect of such stock or securities
by the terms thereof. in any such casc. appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock after the
Capital Reorganization to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including adjustment of the
Conversion Prices then in effect and the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

5.7.1 For purposes of this Section 5.7, a "Capital Reorganization" shal]
mean a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another person (other than a
consolidation or merger in which the Corporation is the continuing entity and which does not result
in any change in the Common Stock) or a capital reorganization of the Common Stock (other than as
a recapitalization, subdivision, combination, reclassification, exchange or substitution of shares
provided for elsewhere in this Section 5).

5.7.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any Capital
Reorganization that constitutes a Liquidation, of the type described in Section 2.2, the holders of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect, by providing written notice to the Corporation of such
election by che holders of two thirds (2/3) of the then-outstanding Preferred Stock within twenty (20)
days of receiving notice of such Capital Reorganization, to treat such transaction as a Capita!
Reorganization and not as a Liquidation, in which event the provisions of this Section 5.7 shall apply.
In the absence of such an election, a Capital Reorganization that constitutes a Liquidation shall be
treated as a Liquidation and not as a Capital Reorganization.

5.8 Adjustments for Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation at any time
or from time to time makes or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock
entitled to receive any distribution payable in securities of the Corporation other than shares of
Common Stock and other than as otherwise adjusted in this Section 5, then and in eack such event
provision shall be made so that the holders of Preferred Stock shall reccive upon such distribution the
amount of securities of the Corporation which they would have received had their Preferred Stock
converted into Common Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafter, during the period
from the date of such event to and including the date of conversion, retained such securities
receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, subject to all other adjustments called for during
such period under this Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock.

5.9 No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of it: Articles of
Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will
at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 5 and in the
taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights
of the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

5.19 Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon the occurtence of each adjustment or
readjustment of any Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 5, the Corporation at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare
and furnish to cach holder of Preferred Stock a certificate executed by the Corporation's Chief
Executive Officer oo Chief Financial Officer setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. ‘The Corporation
shall, upan the written request at any time of anv holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be

Na
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of
shares of Common Stock and the amount. if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

5.11 Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Corporation shall propose at
any time: (j) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common Stock, \hether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out of
earnings or earned surplus; (ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or series
of its stock any additional shares of stock of any class or series or other rights; (iii) to effect any
reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock outstanding involving a change in the
Common Stock; or (iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation or other entity, or
sell, lease or convey all or substantially all of its assets, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up; then, in
connection with each such event, the Corporation shall send to the holders of Preferred Stock:

5.11.1 at least twenty (20) days' prior written notice of the date on which a
record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights (and specifying the date on
which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote, if
any, in respect of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above; and

5.11.2. in the case of the matters referred to in (iii) and (iv) above, at least
twenty (20) days’ prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place (and specifying thc
date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for
securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event).

5.12 Issue Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes
(other than taxes based upon income) that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of
shares of Common Stock on conversion of Preferred Stock pursuant hereto; provided, however, that
the Corporation chal! not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting from any transfer requested
by any holder in connection with any such conversion.

5.13. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock. If at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares
of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose, including, without limitation, engaging in
best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder approval of any necessary amendment to these
Articles.

5.14 Kractional Shares. No fractional share shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions therco!)
issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Preferred Stock by a holder thereof shall be
agurevated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the issuance of any
fractional shares. [f, after the aforementioned aggregation, the conversion would result in the
issuance of a fraction of a share of Commer Stock, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any

xiii
fractional share, pay the holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the fair
market value of such fraction on the date of conversion (as determined in goou faith by the Board of
Directors).

5.15 Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5 to be given
to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be in writing, shall be addressed to each holder of
record at such holder's address or facsimile number appearing in the records of the Corporation, and
shall be deemed effectively given (a) upon actual delivery, when delivered personally, (b) upon
receipt when sent by confirmed telegram or fax if sent during normal business hours, and if not, then
on the next business day, (c) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier,
specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt, or (d) four business days after being
deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.

6. PROTECTIVE PROVISIONS.

6.1 The Corporation shail not, without the vote or written consent by the holders
of more than fity percent (50%) of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock:

6.1.1 Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire for value (or pay into or set
aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any shares of Preferred Stocl: otherwise than by
conversion in accordance with Section 5 hereof, or permit any suusidiary to redeem, purchase or

otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any shares of
Preferred Stock;

6.1.2 Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a
sinking fund for such purpose), or permit any subsidiary to redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or
pay into or set aside for a sinking fund for such purpose), any shares of other capital stock other than
the reptrchase of shares of stock from employees of, or service providers to, the Corporation or any
of its subsidiaries pursuant to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase -
such shares at cost upon the = zurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment;

6.1.3 Pay, declare or sct aside for payment any dividend or other

distribution on any shares of Common Stock other than a dividend payable only in shares of
Common Stock;

6.1.4 Pay, declare or set aside for payment any dividend or other
distribution on any shares of Preferred Stock;

6.1.5 Authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any equity security
(including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security) senior to or on parity
with the Series B Preferred Stock:

6.1.6 Increase or decrease (other than by redetption or conversion) the
total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stuck or of any serics thereof;

6.1.7 Amend, alter or change tts Articles of Incurporation or Bylaws, as in
effect fram time to time, or any of the powers, rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred Stack

Nay

erop, Sree SO tea Tet
‘f such amendment would materially adversely affect any of the powers, preferences, rights or
privileges provided for the benefit of the shares of any series of Preferred Stock:

6.1.8 Effect any reclassification or other change of any stock, or any
recapitalization of the Corporation;

6.1.9 Permit any subsidiary to issue or sell, or obligate itself to issue or sell,
except to the Corporation or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, any stock of such subsidiary;

6.1.10 Effect any Liquidation of the Corporation;

6.1.11 Effect any sale, lease, licensc, assignment, transfer or other
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries;

6.1.12 Effect any consolidation or merger involving the Corporation or any
of its subsidiaries (other than a consolidation or merger involving only the Corporation and one or
more of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and no other entities, or a consolidation or merger involving
only two or more of the Corporation's wholly-owned subsidiaries and no other entities);

6.1.13 Effect any transaction or serics of transactions by which the
Corporation issues securities having voting power in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the total voting
power of all securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction or transactions, or
otherwise have the effect of transferring in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of
all securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction or transactions (1or purposes of
determining voting power for this subsection, all securities convertible into Common Stock shall be
assumed to have been converted, and all options, warrants and other rights to acquire Common Stock
or other securities convertible into Common Stock, whether then or at some time in the future, shall
be assumed to have been exercised);

6.1.14 Change the name of the Corporation; or

6.1.15 Cause the Corporation to incur any indebtedness in excess of
$1.000,000.

7. NO REISSUANCE OF PREFERRED STOCK. No share or shares of Preferred
Stock acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall
be reissued, and ail such shares shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated from the shares which the
Corporation shal! be authorized to issue.

AN
ARTICLE V
COMMON STOCK

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock at
the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall! be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors. out of any assets of the
Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

2. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS. Upon a Liquidation, the assets of the Corporation shall be
distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article IV.

3. REDEMPTION. The holders of Common Stock shall have no right to require the
Corporation to redeem any of their shares of Common Stock.

4. VOTING RIGHTS. Each holder of Common Stock shali have the right to one vote
ner share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in
xecordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be cntitled to vote upon such matters and in
such manner as may be provided by law.

ARTICLE VI
DIRECTOR LIABILITY

The liability of the directors of this Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the
fullest extent permissible under California law.

ARTICLE VII
INDEMNIFICATION

This Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in Section
317 of the California Corporations Code) for breaches of duty to this Corporation and its
shareholders through bylaw provisions, through agreemcn's with the agents, vote of shareholders or
disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section
317 of the California Corporations Code, subject to the Jimits on such excess indemnification set
forth in Section 204 of the Calitornia Corporations Cade.

C. The foregoing Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of the
Corporation has been duly approved by the Board of Directrys.

1D. The amendments set forth herein have been duly eoproved by the required vote of the
shareholders in accordance with Section 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code. Tie
Corporation has outstanding 6,103,062 shares of Common Stock, 10.5°)0,000 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, and 15,696,081 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in
favor of the amendments equaled or exceeded the vote required for approval. The percentage vote
required for the approval of the amendments was more than fifty percent (50%) of the Common
Stock and more tha fifly percent (50%) of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock, voting together ds a single class.

xv
The undersigned further declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
California that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of my own knowledge.

Dated: December 2/ 2006

Brétt Butler
President and Chief Executive Officer

Bruce Warren
Chief Financial Officer

AMDEDD VG Ba SEALER AP TICLES OF INCOMPOR ATION PXRCE TION PAGE
