Florida Department of State

Division of Corporations
Public Access System

2.7900/22 22,

Electronic Filing Cover Sheet

Note: Please print this page and use it as a cover sheet. Type the fax audit
number (shown below) on the top and bottom of all pages of the document.

(((03000333824 3)))

Note: DO NOT hit the REFRESH/RELOAD button on your browser from this
page. Doing so will generate another cover sheet.

Division ef Corporations

Fax Number (850) 265-0386
From:

{2 Account Name

<2 Acceunt Number

o
GUNSTER, YOAKLEY, ETAL. (WEST PALM BEACH) 3 <u
= : 076117000420 3B BS
-> “2 YZ Phone og (561) 650-0728 A =A
— © & Fax Number =; (561)655-5677 oO Ppa
<x a — 9tt
_ me | OO —_—- am
ner e) . Woo
1 —-— °° ~o 3s
“CD i nm 2a
ve = —- =
Se & BASIC AMENDMENT o &
3 . we ve sae . , .
AXOGEN CORPORATION
Electronic: Filing, Manu,

Conpenate Filing, Public. Secass Halp,

det. — falitles
DEC-11-2803 18:43

GUNSTER YORKLEY P.@2-18
HO3000333824 3

ARTICLES OF RESTATEMENT
OF

AXOGEN CORPORATION
To the Department of State
State of Floridz

Pursuant to the provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act, the corporation
tnsorporation.
1.

hereinaftcr named (the “Corporation"), does hereby amend and restate its Articles of

The name of the corporation is Axogen Corporation.
2.

The text of the Restated Articles of Incorporation of the corporation, as amended
hereby, is annexed hereto and made a part hereof,

eee bee

CERTIFICATE
It is hereby certified that:

1.

The annexed restatement (Restated Articles of Incorporation) contains
amendments to the Articles of Incorporation of the corporation requixing shareholder approval.
2.

The date of adoption of the aforesaid amendments was November 20, 2003.
3.

amendments and restatement.

Only one voting group of shareholders wag entitled to vote on the said
4,

The number of votes cast for the said amendments and restatement by the said
voting group of shareholders was sufficient for the approval thereoL.
Executed on December / 6 , 2003

HO30003338243
DEC~11-2883 18:43 GUNSTER YOAKLEY P.@3718
HO3000333824 43

Pursuant to Section 607.1007 of the Florida Statutes, the Articles of Incorporation of
Axogen Corporation hereby are atnended and restated as follows:

Article I
Name. The name of this corporation is AxoGen Corporation.

Atticle TT

Principal Office. The street address of the principal office of the Corporation is 6565
N.W. 81" Boulevard, Gainesville, Florida 32653. The mailing address of the Corporation is P.O.

Box 357787, Gainesville Florida 32635-7787.
Article Ti

Duration. The period of duration of this Corporation shall be perpetual, commencing on
the date of execution and acknowledgment of these articles.

Article TY

Purpose. The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any activities or businesses
permitted under the laws of the United States and under the Florida Business Corporation Act.

Article V

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively,
“Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares that the Corporation is
authorized to issue is 150,000,000 shares, of which (4) 100,000,000 shares shall be Common
Stock (the “Common Stock”) and (b) 50,000,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock (the “Preferred
Stock"). The Preferred Steck and Common Stock shall each have a par value of $0.00001).

Of the Corporation's authorized Preferred Stock, 15,000,000 shares shall be designated as
Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock”).

The designations, preferences, powers, qualifications, and special or relative tights or
privileges of the Common Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock shall be as set forth below,

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

{a} Series A Preferred Stock. No dividends will be accrued on the
Series A Preferred Stock, except that dividends will be payable at such

time as dividends are paid on the Common Stock at a rate per share of
the Series A Preferred Stock equal to the amount holders would be
entitled to receive if they had converted the Series A Preferred Stock
and had been holders of Common Stock on the record date for such
Common Stock dividend.

HO3006 3338243
DEC-14-2893 12:43 —_ GUNSTER YDAKLEY P.@4“18
4030003338243

(b) Common Stock. After the payment or declaration and setting aside
for payment of the full cumulative dividends for ail prior and then
current dividend periods on all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
and after setting aside all stock purchase funds or sinking funds
heretofore required to be set aside with respect to the Preferred Stock,
dividends on the Common Stock may be declared and paid, whether
payable in cash, in property or in securities of the Corporation, but
only when and as determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation (the “Board’). The holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to share equally in and to receive such dividends in accordance
with the number of shares of Common Stock held by each such holder.

2. VOTING RIGHTS.
(2) Series A Preferred Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein or

as required by law, each holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to the number of voies equal to the number of whole
shares of Common Stock into which all shares of Series A Preferred
Stock held by such holder are then convertible in accordance with
Sections 6 and 7 below, at each meeting of shareholders of the
Corporation (and written actions of shareholders in lieu of meetings)
with respect to any and all matters presented to the shareholders of the
Corporation for their action or consideration, Except as otherwise
provided herein or as required by law, holders of Series A Preferred
Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a
single class on alf actions to be taken by the shareholders of the

Corporation.

(b} Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein or as
required by law, each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to
yote on all matters and shall be entitled to one vote for each share of
Common Stock standing in such holder’s narte on the books of the

Corporation,

{c}) Record Dete. The number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or
Commion Stock are, as the case may be, entitled to vote on any matter
shall be determined in each case as of the record date for the
determination of shareholders entitled to vote on such matter or, if no
such record date is established, at the date such vote is taken or any
written consent of shareholders is solicited.

3, ELECTION OF DIRECTORS.
(a} Series A Preferred Stock, At such times as the holders of the

Series A, Preferred Stock own more than 20% of the outstanding stock
of the Corporation, calculated as if the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock had converted the Series A Preferred Stock and had been

3 8030003338243
DEC~11-2203 19:44 GUNSTER YOAKLEY , , P.@5/18
4030003338243

holders of Common Stock on the record date for the election of
directors (a “Fully Converted Basis”), the holders of a majority of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right to elect 1 director to the
Board. At such times as the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock,
on a Bully Converted Basis, own more than 40% of the outstanding
stock of the Corporation, the holders of a majority of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the right to elect 2 directors to the Board.

(b) Common Stock. The holders of a majority of the outstanding
Common Stock shall have a continuing right to elect 3 directors to the
Board.

4. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

Upon any dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation (as defined in Section
4(d)), either voluntary or involuntary, distributions to the shareholders of the Corporation shall

be made in the following manner:

(a) Series A Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference, The holders of

Series A Preferred Stock shall first receive, prior and in preference to
any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders
of Common Stock, an amount equal to $0.44 per share of Series A
Preferred Stock (as adjusted to reflect stock dividends, stock splits,
recapitalizations and the like that affect the number of issued and
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock) then held by them. If
the assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
insufficient to permit the payment in full to such holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the
entire assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall
be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock in accordance with the aggregate liquidation preference (as set
forth in this Section 4(a)) of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock

held by each of them.

(b} Common Stock. After there shall have been paid to or set aside for
the holders of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the
full preferential amount to which they are respectively entitled to
receive as set forth in Section 4(a), the holders of Common Stock shall
receive an amount equal to $0.44 per share of Common Stock (as
adjusted to reflect stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations and
the like that affect the number of issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock) then held by them. If the assets of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be insufficient te permit
payment in full to such holders of the Cornmon Stock of the full
aforesaid amounts, then the entire remaining assets of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of the Common Stock in accordance with the aggregate

HO30003338243
DEC-1i-2833 19:44 , GUNSTER YOAKLEY P.@6°18
HO30003338243

liquidation distribution (as set forth in this Section 4(b)) of the shares
of the Common Stock held by each of them.

(c} General Liquidation Distributions. After there shall have been

paid to or set aside for the holders of all outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and Common Stock, the full amounts to which they
are respectively entitled to receive as set forth in Sections 4{a) and (b),
all the remaining assets of the Corporation will be available for
distribution to its holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Common
Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares held by them (calculated
as if the holders of Series A Preferred Stock had converted the Serics
A Preferred Stock and bad been holders of Common Stock
immediately prior to such dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the
Corporation).

(d) niti Di tion, Liquidation or Winding-Up. With the
exception of sales made in accordance with the terms of that certain
Shareholders and Registration Rights Agreement dated November 7,
2003, by and among the Corporation and the shareholders named
therein, as such agreement may be amended from time to time, the
following events shall be considered a dissolution, liquidation, or
winding-up of the Corporation under this Section 4:

(i) any consolidation or merger of the Corporation info or with any
other entity or entities (other than a consolidation or merger in
which the shares of the Corporation outstanding immediately
prior to the closing of such merger or consolidation (A)
represent or are converted into shares of the surviving or
resulting entity that represent no more than 50% of the total
number of shares of the surviving or resulting entity that are
outstanding or are reserved for issuance immediately after the
closing of the merger or consolidation or (B) have the power to
elect no more than 50% of the surviving or resulting
corporation's directors};

(ii) the acquisition from the Corporation and/or from any
shareholders of the Corporation tn a single transaction or series
of related transactions by any person or group of more than
50% of the Corporation’s outstanding Common Stock
(assuming that the holders of Series A Preferred Stock had
converted the Series A Preferred Stock and had been holders of
Common Stock immediately prior to such dissolution,
liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation};

(iiijthe application by the Corporation or the consenting to the
appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, intervener, or

5 HO30003338243
DEC-11-2883 19745 GUNSTER YORKLEY P.@7rig

HO30003338243

liguidator of itself or all or a substantial portion of the
Corporation’s assets;

(iv)the filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, the Corporation
admitting in writing that it is unable to pay its debts as they
become due or generally not pay its debts as they become due;

(v} the filing of a petition seeking reorganization or an
arrangement with creditors or taking advantage of any
bankruptcy or insolvency laws;

(vi)the filing of an answer admiiting material allegations of, or
consents to, or defaults in answering, a petition filed against the
Corporation in any bankrupicy, reorganization or insolvency
proceeding: or

(vii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of
the asseis of the Corporation.

(e) Consideration Received. In any liquidation, dissolution, or
winding-up of the Corporation, if the consideration received by the
Corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market
value as determined in good faith by the Board. Any securities shall

be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to an investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability covered by Section 4(e)(ii)

below:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or through the
Nasdaq National or SmallCap Market, the value shall
be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such quotation system over the 30-day
period ending three days prior to the closing:

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale
prices (whichever is applicable) over the 30-day period
ending three days prior to the closing; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the
fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith
by the Beard.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to an investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than
restrictions arising solely by virtue of a shareholder’s status as
an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate

6 HO30003338243
DEC-11-2223 49:45 GUNSTER YOAKLEY P.@8718
HO30003338243

discount from the market value determined as above in Section
4(e)(i)C1), (2), or (3) to reflect the approximate fair market
value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board.

5. REDEMPTION.

The Corporation shall have no unilaterally exercisable right to repurchase or redeem any
Common Stock or Preferred Stock. The holders of Commmon Stock and Preferred Stock shall
have no unilaterally exercisable right to require the Corporation to repurchase or redeem any of
their stock. No appraiser shail have the power to expand, modify or delete any of the procedures

set forth herein.
6. CONVERSION.

The hoiders of Series A Preferred Stock shail have conversion rights as follows (the
“Conversion Rights”):

(a) Optional Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
be convertible, without the payment of any additional consideration
and at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of the
first issuance of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock by the
Corporation, into shares of Common Stock as more fully described
below. The number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock into which each share of Series A Preferred may be
converted shall be determined by dividing $0.4421 (the “Purchase
Price’) by the “Serias 4 Conversion Price” in effect at the time of
conversion. The “Series A Conversion Price” shall initially be the
Purchase Price, subject to subsequent adjustment as provided in
Section 7 below.

(b>) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Bach share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock utilizing the then
effective Series A Conversion Price for each such share

immediately upon:

(1) the closing of the sale of the Corporation’s securities
pursuant to a fitm commitment underwritten public
offering pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with
aggregate pross proceeds to the Corporation of not less
than $10,000,000, and with a public offering price of
not less than $2.00 per share (as adjusted to reflect
subsequent stock splits, stock = dividends,
Tecapitalizations and the like that affect the number of
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock) (a
“Qualified IPO”); or

7 HO3000 3338243
DEC-11-2883 19:45 * GUNSTER YORKLEY P.@9/°18
HO30003338243

(2) the written consent of the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred

Stock.

(c) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, and the
number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded to
the nearest whole share. If more than one share of Series A Preferred
Stock is surrendered for conversion at any one time by the same
holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock to be issued upon
conversion shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock so surrendered,

(d) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into shares of Conunon
Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates
therefore at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for
the Series A Preferred Stock and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that it elects to convert the same and shall
state therein the name or names in which it wishes the certificate or
certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued. The Corporation
shall, a8 soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office
fo such holder of Series A Preferred Stock, or to its nominee or
nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which it shall be entitled as aforesaid, together with
cash in lieu of any fraction of a share. Such conversion shall be
deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business
on the date of such surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
to he converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares
of Common Stock on such date.

(e) Validly Issued. All shares of Common Stock that may be issued
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock will, upon issuance
by the Corporation, be validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and
free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect to the issuance
thereof. .

(f} Taxes. The issuance of certificates representing shares of
Common Stock upon conversion of any Series A Preferred Stock shall
be made to each applicable shareholder without charge for any excise
tax in respect of such issuance. However, if any certificate is to be
issued in a name other than that of the holder of record of the Series A
Preferred Stock, the person or persons requesting the issuance thereof
shall pay to the Corporation the amount of any tax which may be
payable in respect of any transfer involved in such issuance, or shall

8 HO030003338243
DEC-11-2803 19:45 GUNSTER YORKLEY P.10718

HO30003338243

establish to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been
paid or is not due and payable.

(g) Status of Converted Stock. Ef any Series A Preferred Stock shail

be converted pursuant to this Section 6, the Series A Preferred Stock
s0 converted shall resume the status of authorized but unissued and

undesignated Preferred Stock.

{h) Payment of Dividends. If any Series A Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to this Section 6, to the extent it is legally able to

do so, the Corporation shall pay to the holder of record any accrued
but unpaid dividends.

G) Common Stock Reserved, The Corporation shail at all times

reserve and keep available, out of its authorized but unissued Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of Series A
Preferred Stock, the full number of shares of Commen Stock
deliverable upon the conversion of all Series A Preferred Stock from

time to tine outstanding.
7. ADJUSTMENT OF CONVERSION PRICE.
(a) justment of the Series A version Price. The Series A

Conversion Price, from time to time in effect, shall be subject to
adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) In case the Corporation shall at any time, on or after the date
upon which any shares of Series A Preferred Stock were first
issued by the Corporation (the “Effective Date”), subdivide the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, or shall issue a stock
dividend on its outstanding Common Stock, without an
equivalent subdivision of, or dividend on, the Series A
Preferred Stock, the Series A Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such subdivision or the issuance of such
dividend shall be proportionately decreased, and in case the
Corporation shall at any time combine the outstanding shares
of Common Stock, without an equivalent combination of the
Series A Preferred Stock, the Series A Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such combination shall be
proportionately increased, effective at the close of business on
the date of such subdivision, dividend or combination.

(ii) Until such time as the Corporation shall have received a
cumulative “consideration actually received” {defined in
Section 7(b) below) for the issuance or sale of Equity
Securities (defined in Section 7(b)(i} below} of no less than
$2,500,000, if the Corporation shall issue or sell Equity

HO30003338243
Securities, at any time or from time to time on or after the
Effective Date, for no consideration or at a consideration per
share less than the Series A Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to the time of such issue or sale, then
forthwith upon such issus or sale, the Series A Conversion
Price of each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
adjusted to the lowest price at which Equity Securities are sold
or issued determined by dividing the “consideration aciually
received” by the Corporation from the issuance or sale of
Equity Securities by the number of additional shares of
Common Stock so issued (or into which such Equity Securities
are convertible as of the date of such sale or issuance).

(iiijIn the event the Corporation, on or after the Effective Date,
shall declare a distribution payable in securities of other
persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation
or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options
or rights not referred to in Section 7(b}(i) below, then, in each
such case for the purpose of this Section 7{a)(iti), the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate
share of any such distribution as though they were the holders
of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation
into which their shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of
the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to
receive such distribution.

(iv)If at any time or from time to time, on or after the Effective
Date, there shall be a recapitalization of the Common Stock
(other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of
assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 7 or
Section 4 above), provision shall be made so that the holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to
receive upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the
Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock
deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall
be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 7
with respect to the rights of the holders of such Series A
Preferred Stock after the recapitalization to the end that the
provisions of this Section 7 (including adjustment of the Series
A Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares
purchasable upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock)
shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent

as practicable,

10 HO30003338243
DEC-11-2203 18:46 GUNSTER YOAKLEY P.12718
HO30003338243

(b) Applicable Provisions. In addition, for purposes hereof, the
following provisions shal! be applicable:

(i) The term “Eguity Securities” shall mean any shares of
Common Stock, or any obligation or any share of stock or
other security of the Corporation convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock, except for (A) shares of
Common Stock issued or issuable to officers, directors,
employees or consultants of the Corporation pursuant to a
written stock incentive plan approved by the Board and at an
exercise price of no less than the fair market value of such
Common Stock (collectively, a “Stock Award”), and any
reissuance thereof upon any expiration, termination, surrender
or forfeiture, approved by the Board (as appropriately adjusted
to reflect stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the
like that affect the number of issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock), or such greater mmmber as may be approved
by the Board; (8) shares issued pursuant to transactions
described in Section 7(a)(i) above; (C) shares of Common
Stock issued to executive officers of the Corporation in lieu of
cash compensation, if approved in advance by the Board; (D}
shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Series
A Preferred Stock; (FE) shares of Common Stock issued by the
Corporation pursuant to a Qualified IPO; (F) shares issued as a
dividend pursuant to Section 1 above; (G) any securities issued
pursuant to the acquisition of another partnership, corporation,
association, trust, joint venture, anincorporated organization, or
other entity by the Corporation by merger, consolidation,
amalgamation, exchange of shares, the purchase of
substantially all of the assets or otherwise, which has been
approved by the Board; (A) shares of Common Stock issuable
under the terms of the Corporation’s License Agreement with
the University of Florida Research Foundation; {1) the issuance
of any security that would otherwise be deemed an Equity
Security, but which is entitled to a fixed preference m the
Cotporation’s earnings or assets rather than 4 participation
therein; or (J) stock or stock options issued to equipment
lessors and bank lenders.

(ii) In the case of an issue or sale for cash of shares of Common
Stock, the “consideration actually received” by the
Corporation therefore shall be deemed to be the amount of cash
received, before deducting therefrom any commissions or
expenses paid by the Corporation.

(iii)in case of the issuance of additional shares of Common Stock
for a consideration other than cash or a consideration partly

11 H030003338243
DEC-11-2003 19:46 . GUNSTER YDORKLEY P1318
FG30003338243

other than cash, the amount of the consideration other than
cash received by the Corporation for such shares shall be
deemed to be the value of such consideration as determined in

good faith by the Board.

(iv)In case of the issuance by the Corporation in any manner of
any rights to subscribe for or to purchase shares of Common
Stock, or any options for the purchase of shares of Common
Stock or stock convertible into Common Stock, all shares of
Common Steck or stock convertible into Common Steck to
which the holders of such righis or options shall be entitled to
subscribe for or purchase pursuant to such rights or options
shall be deemed outstanding immediately after the issuance or
sale of such rights or the granting of such options, as the case
may be, and the minimum ageregate consideration named in
such rights or options for the shares of Common Stock or stock
convertible into Common Stock covered thereby, plus the
consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for such
rights or options, shall be deemed to be the “consideration
actually received” by the Corporation (as of the date of the
offering of such rights or the granting of such options, as the
case may be) for the issuance of such shares.

(v) In case of the issuance or issuances by the Corporation in any
manner of any obligations or of any shares of stock of the
Corporation that.shall be convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, all shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion er exchange of such obligations or shares shall be
deemed issued immediately after such obligations or shares are
issued, and the amount of the “consideration actually received”
by the Corporation for such additional shares of Common
Stock shall be deemed to be that total of (A) the amount of
consideration received by the Corporation upon the issuance of
such obligations or shares, as the case may be, plus (B) the
minimum aggregate consideration, if any, other than such
obligations or shares, receivable by the Corporation upon such
conversion or exchange.

{vi}The amount of the “consideration actually received” by the
Corporation upon the issuance of any tights or options referred
to in Section 7(b)(iv) above or upon the issuance of any
obligations or shares which are convertible or exchangeable as
described in Section 7(b){v) above, and the amount of
consideration, if any, other than such obligations or shares so
convertible or exchangeable, received by the Corporation upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be
determined in the same manner provided in Sections 7(b}(ii)

12 HO 30003238243
DEC-11-2883 19:47 GUNSTER YORKLEY P. 14/18
HO30003338243

and (iii) above with respect to the consideration received by the
Corporation in case of the issuance of additional shares of
Common Stock; provided, however, that if such obligations or
shares of stock so convertible or exchangeable are issued in
payment or satisfaction of sny dividend upon any stock of the
Corporation other than Common Stock, the amount of the
“consideration actually received” by the Corporation upon the
original issuance of such obligations or shares or stock so
convertible or exchangeable shall be deemed to be the value of
such obligations or shares of stock, as of the date of the
adoption of the resolution declaring such dividend, as
determined by the Board at or as of that date. On the
expiration of any rights or options referred to in Section
7(b)(iv) above, or the termination of any right of conversion or
exchange referred to in Section 7(b)(v) above, or any change in
the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
exercize of such options or rights or upon conversion of or
exchange of such convertible or exchangeable securities, the
Series A Conversion Price then in effect shall forthwith be
readjusted to such Series A Conversion Price that would have
been obtained had the adjustments made upon the issuance of
such option, right or convertible or exchangeable securities
been made upon the basis of the delivery of only the number of
shares of Common Stock actually delivered or to be delivered
upen the exercise of such rights or options or upon the
conversion or exchange of such securities,

(c) Certificate as to Adiustments. Upon the occurrence of each

adjustment or readjustment to a Series A Conversion Price pursuant to
this Section 7, the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute
such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof,
and shall prepare and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock affected thereby a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
teadjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the-
written request at any titne of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock,
furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting
forth (1) such adjustment or readjustment, (ii) the Series A Conversion
Price applicable to such holder of Series A Preferred Stock at the time
in effect and Gii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received
upon the conversion of such holder’s shares of Series A Preferred

Stock.

(d} Other Actions. The Corporation will not, by amendment of these
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution,

13 8030003328243
DEC-11-2883 19:47 - GUNSTER YORKLEY = 7 , P.15/18
030003338243

issue or gale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek
to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of ail the provisions of
Section 6 above and this Section 7.

(e) Notice. Ali notices, consents, elections, requests, waivers aid
other communications required or allowed pursuant to this Article V
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or
made the second business day after the date of mailing, if delivered by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid; upon delivery, if sent by
hand delivery; upon delivery, if sent by prepaid courier, with a record
of receipt; or the next day after the date of dispatch, if sent by cable,
telegram, facsimile or telecopy (with a copy simultancously sent by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested).
Each such communication shal! be transmitted, if to the Corporation,
at its principal business address, and if to a holder of Series A
Preferred Stock and/or Common Stock, at ihe address set forth in the
shareholder records as maintained by the Corporation, or to such other
address as any such shareholder may have designated by like notice
forwarded to the Corporation. Notice of any change jn any such
address shall also be given in the manner set forth above. Whenever
the giving of notice is required, the giving of such notice may be
waived by the party entitled to receive such notice.

8. ADDITIONAL PREFERRED STOCK.

The Corporation is authorized to issue an additional 35,000,000 shares of $.00001 par
value Preferred Stock. The Board is expressly vested with the authority to divide any or all of
this remaining Preferred Stock into series and to fix and determine the relative rights and
preferences of the shares of cach series so established, provided, however, that the rights and
preferences of various series may vary only with respect to:

(a) the rate of dividend;

(b) whether the shares maybe called and, if so, the call price and the
terms and conditions of call;

(c) the amount payable upon the shares in the event of voluntary and
involuntary liquidation;

(d) sinking fund provisions, if any, for the call or redemption of the
shares;

{e) the terms and conditions, if any, on which the shares may be
converted;

(f} voting rights; and

i4 HO 30003338243
DEC-11-26833 18:49 GUNSTER YORKLEY P. 16718

4030003338243

(g) whether the shares will be cumulative, noncumulative or partially
cumulative as to dividends and the dates from which any cumulative
dividends are to accumulate.

The Board shall exercise the foregoing authority by adopting 2 resolution setting forth the
designation of each series and the number of shares therein, and fixing and determining the
relative rights and preferences thereof, The Board may make any change in the designation,
terms, limitations and relative rights or preferences of any series in the same manner, so long as
no shares of such series are outstanding at such time.

Within the limits and restrictions, if any, stated in any resolution of the Board originally
fixing the number of shares ‘constituting any series, the Board is authorized to increase or
decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of
shares of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of such series. In case the number of shares
of any series shall be so decreased, the share constituting such decrease shall resume the status
which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of

such series,
Article VI
Bylaws. The power to adopt, alter, amend or repeal Bylaws shall be vested in the Board
and Shareholders.

Article VJ

Registered Office and Agent. The street address of the registered office of the
Corporation is 6565 N.W. 81" Boulevard, Gainesville Florida 32653, and the name of the
registered agent of the Corporation is Jamie M. Grooms.

Article VII

Board of Directors. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be not less than
three, with the exact number of directors to be determined from time to time by resolution
adopted by the Board, and subject to Article V, Section 3 herein.

The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of
the Board,

Article [x

Indemnification, Provided the person proposed to be indemmified satisfies the requisite
standard of conduct for permissive indemnification by a corporation as specifically set forth in
the applicable provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act (currently, Sections
607.0850{1) and (2) of the Florida Statutes), as the same may be amended from time to time, the
Corporation shall indemnify its officers and directors, and may indemnify its employees and
agents, to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act
and the Bylaws of the Corporation, as the same may be amended and supplemented, from and
against any and all of the expenses or liabilities incurred in defending a civil ar criminal

15 HO30003338243
DEC-11-2803 10:48 GUNSTER YDAKLEY P 7-19 .

HO 30003338243

proceeding, or other matters referred tc in or covered by said provisions, including advancement
of expenses prior to the final disposition of such proceedings and amounts paid in settlement of
such proceedings, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another
capacity while an officer, director, employee or other agent. The indemnification provided for
herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be
entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or Disinterested Directors or
otherwise. Such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee or agent, and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs and personal representatives
of such a person. Except as otherwise required by law, an adjudication of liability shall not
affect the right to indemnification for those indemnified.

Article X

Amendment, Subject to Article V, Section 7(d), the Corporation reserves the right to
amend or repeal any provision contained in these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Florida and all rights conferred

upon shareholders are granted subject to this reservation.

16 HO30003338243
DEC-1i~2883 19:45 . GUNSTER YOAKLEY P,18/18
HO30003338243

ACCEPTANCE OF APPGINTMENT AS REGISTERED AGENT
Having been named as registered agent and ta accept service of process of Axogen
Corporation, a Florida corporation, at the place designated in the foregoing Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation, I hereby accept the appointment as registered agent and agree
to act in this capacity. I further agree to comply with the provisions of all statutes relating to the
proper and complete performance of my duties, and I am familiar with and accept the obligations

of my position as registered agent.

Date: December A (4 , 2003

WEB 7431224

HO 30003338243

TOTAL P.i8
