WA () is LL 7
Florida t Ze
Division niton Corporations .

Public Access System

Electronic Filing Cover Sheet

‘Note: Please , print this page and use it as a cover sheet, Type the fax audit
number (shown below} on the top and bottom of all pages of the document.

(((H106000050571 3)))

Note: DO NOT hit the REFRESH/RELOAD button on your browser from this
page. Doing so will generate another cover sheet.

To:
Division of Corporations
Fax Number : (850) 205-0380
From:
Account Name : GUNSTER, YOAKLEY, ETAL. (WEST PALM BEACH)
Account Number : 076117000426
Phone zr (561)850-0725
Fax Number > (561)655-5677

Electronic Filing Menu Corporate re vee Help

Hinuund Restated ie (CCID |

(0, 5: 29:0U _.
P. @2/23

FEB-24-2886 15:39 GUNSTER

February 24, 2006 “Se ea
FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF STATE
Duvusion of Corporations

AXOGEN CORPORATION

P.O. BOX 257787
GAINESVILLE, FL 32635-7787

SUBJECT: EN CORPORATION
REF: 02000123227

However, the

We received your electronically transmitted document.
Please make the following corrections and
including the electronic filing cover sheet

document hae not been filed
refax the complete document,
Please entitle your document Amended and Restated Articles of

Incorperation.
Please return your document, along with a copy of this letter, within 60
days or your filing will be considered abandoned.

If you havea any queations concerning the filing of your document, please

¥
Call (850} 245-6964.
FAX Aud. #: HOG000050571
Letter Numbar: 706490013319

Irene Albritton
Becument Speoialist

So °.
f © of.
s~ me
ro OS
bk: om 8
Gow S
. no a

cD “

P.O BOX 6327 —Tallahasses, Florida 32314
FEB-24-2086 15:39 GUNSTER P.@3-23

Ce ee ae ee

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
AXOGEN CORPORATION

To the Department of State
State of Florida

Pursuant to the provisions of the Florida Business Corporstion Act, the corporation
hereinafter named (the “Corporation”), does hereby amend and restate its Articles of

Incorporation.
1. The name of the corporation is Axogen Corporation.

2. The text of the Second Amended and Restuted Articles of Incorporation of the
corporation, as amended hereby, is annexed hereto and made a part hereof. ;

“eB ee HD

CERTIFICATE
It is hereby certified that:

1. The amexed restatement (Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation) contains amendments to the Articles of Incorporation of the
corporation requiring shareholder approval,

2. The ¢ ,of adoption of the aforesaid amendments was
Q Fact] Loos .

3. More than one voting group of sharcholders was entitled to vote on the said
amendments and resistement.

4. The number of votes cast for the said amendments and restatement by the said
voting groups of shareholders was sufficient for the approval thereof

Executed on Feb, ZH Fe 2006

AXOGEN CORPORATION som
=. Ow
oom OD
me FO
> 06UEUO
o: ©
Pe wen)
Bt oo

WPB 8712811
HO6000050571 3
FEB-24~2085 15:39 GUNSTER P.84723
H06000050571 3

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION iy

Th
OF eo gm
AXKOGEN CORPORATION Ee eo
Tt pe et.
Name. The name of this corporation is AxoGen Corporation. ee.
Gx S
a
. ae >
Article TJ a

Principal Office. The street address of the principal office of the Corporation is 2153 SE
Hawthorme Road, Gainesville, Florida 32641-7552. The mailing address of the Corporation is
P.O, Box 357787, Gainesville Florida 32635-7787.

icle

Duration. The period of duration of this Corporation shall be perpetual, commencing on
the date of execution and acknowledgment of these articles.

Article IV.

Purpose. The purpose of this Corporation is to engage in any activities or businesses
permitted under the laws of the United States and under the Florida Business Corporation Act.

Articie V

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively,
“common stock” and “preferred stock.” The total number of shares that the Corporation is
authorized to issue is 35,000,000 shares, of which (a) 35,607,424 shares sball be common stock
{the “Common Stock”) and (b) 19,392,576 shares shall be preferred stock. The preferred stock
and Common Stock shall each have a par value of $0.00001.

Of the Corporation’s authorized preferred stock, 16,847,826 shares shall be designated as
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred Stock ") and 2,544,750 shares shall
be designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series 4 Preferred Stock” and
together with the Series B Preferred Stock, the “Preferred Stock”).

The designations, preferences, powers, qualifications and special or relative rights or
privileges of the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock shall be as set forth below.

I. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

(a) Series B Preferred Stock, The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, in preference fo the holders of any other
shares of capital stock of the Corporation, including the Series A
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock (together, the “Juntor Stock”),
out of funds legally available therefor, (i) cumulative cash dividends at
a rate equal to eight percent (8%) per annum on the Series B Original
Issue Price (as defined below), plus (ii) any and all dividends payable

H06000050571 3
FEB-24-2086

15:39

GUNSTER P.@5-23
{06000050571 3

on the Commen Stock at a rate per share of the Series B Preferred
Stock equal to the amount holders of the Series B Preferred Stock
would be entitled to receive if they had converted the Series B
Preferred Stock and had been holders of the Common Stock on the
record date for payment of such dividend payable to holders of
Common Stock. The “Series B Original Issue Price” shal] mean $0.46
per share as adjusted from time to time to reflect stock dividends,
stock splits, recapitalizations and/or similar events that affects the
number of issued and outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock.
Except as otherwise provided herein, if at any time the Corporation
pays Jess than the total amount of dividends then declared,
accumulated or accrued but unpaid with respect to the Series B
Preferred Stock, such payment shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of Series B Preferred Stock based upon the aggregate number
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by each such holder. Upon
any conversion of shares of Series B Preferred Stock, all dividends
declared, accumulated or accrued and then unpaid shall be taken into
account.

(b) Series A Preferred Stock. No dividends will be accrued on the Series
A Preferred Stock, except that dividends will be payable at such time
as dividends are paid on the Common Siock at a rate per share of
Series A Preferred Stock equal to the amount holders would be entitled
to receive if they had converted the Series A Preferred Stock and had
been holders of Common Stock on the record date for payment of such
dividend payable to holders of Common Stock.

(c} Common Stock. After the payment or declaration and setting aside for
payment of the full cumulative dividends for all prior and then current
dividend periods on all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
heretofore required to be set aside with respect to the Preferred Stock,
dividends on the Common Stock may be declared and paid, whether
payable in cash, in property or in securities of the Corporation, but
only when and as determined by the Board. The holders of Common
Stock shall be entitled to share equally in and to receive such
dividends in accordance with the number of shares of Common Stock
held by each such holder.

VOTING RIGHTS.

(a) Preferred Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein or as required
by law, each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common
Stock into which all shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder are
then convertible in accordance with Sections 6 and 7 below with
respect to any and al] mattera presented to the shareholders of the
Corporation for their action or consideration. Except as otherwise

2 H06006050571 3
FEB~24-2886 15:48 GUNSTER P.06723
H06000050571 3

provided herein or as required by law, holders of Preferred Stock shall
vote together with the holders of Conumon Stock as a single class on
all actions to be taken by the shareholders of the Corporation.

(b) Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein or as required
by law, each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled te vote on all
matters and shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common
Stock standing in such holder’s name on the books of the Corporation.

(c) Record Date. The number of shares of Preferred Stock or Common
Stock are, as the case may be, entitled to vote on any matter shall be
determined in each case as of the record date for the determination of
shareholders entitled to vote on such matter or, if no such record date
is established, at the date such vote is taken or any written consent of
shareholders is solicited.

3. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS,

(a) Series B Preferred Stock. The holders of a majority of the Series B
Preferred Stock shall have the right to elect three directors to the Board

(the “Series B Directors”).

(b) Common Stock. The holders of a majority of the ontstanding
Common Stock shall have the right to elect two directors to the Board,
one of whom shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation

then in office.
(c) Preferred Stock and Common Stock, The holders of a majority of the

outstanding Common Stock and Preferred Stock (based upon an
assumed conversion of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and
the outstanding Series B Stock into Common Stock), voting together
as a single class, shall have the right to elect two directors to the
Board, each of whom shal] be acceptable to the other directors then in
office.

4. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

Upon any dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or
involuntary (a “Liguidation Event’), distributions to the shareholders of the Corporation shall be
made in the following manner and order of priority:

(a) First: Series B Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference. The holders of

Series B Preferred Stock shall first receive, prior and in preference to
any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders
of Junior Stock, an amount equal to (a) the Series B Original Issue
Price plus (b) the amount of all declared, accumulated or accrued but
unpaid dividends thereon. If the assets of the Corporation legally
available for distribution under this Section 4(a) shall be insufficient to

3 H06000050571 3
FEB-24-2006 15:40 - GUNSTER P.@7723
106000050571 3

permit the payment in full to such holders of the Series B Preferred
Stock of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire assets
of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed
ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in
accordance with the aggregate liquidation preference (as set forth in
this Section 4(a)} of the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock held by
each of them.

(b) Second: Series A Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference. After there

shall have been paid to or set aside for the holders of all outstanding
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, the full preferential amount to
which they are respectively entitled to receive as set forth in Section
4a), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall next receive, prior
and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Common Stock, an amount equal to the
Series A Original Issue Price (as defined herein). Ef the assets of the
Corporation legally available for distribution under this Section 4(b)
shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to such holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock of the full aforesaid preferential amounts,
then the entire assets of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock in accordance with the aggregate liquidation
preference (as set forth in this Section 4(b)) of the shares of the Series
A Preferred Stock held by cach of them. The “Series A Original Issue
Price” shall mean $0.44 per share as adjusted from time to time to
reflect stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations and/or similar
events that affect the number of issued and outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock.

(c) Third: General Liguidation Distibutions. After there shall have been

paid to or set aside for the holders of all outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock the full amounts to
which they are respectively entitled to receive as set forth in Sections
4(a) and (b), all the remaining assets of the Corporation will be
available for distribution to its holders of Preferred Stock and
Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares held by them
{calculated as if the holders ‘of Preferred Stock had converted the
Preferred Stock and had been holders of Common Stock immediately
prior to such dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the
Corporation).

(d) Deemed. Liquidation Events. For purposes of this Section 4, a
Liquidation Event shall be deemed io be occasionsd by, or to include,
(A) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another
entity which results in the holders of the voting securities of the
Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto directly owning
immediately thereafter less than a majority of the voting securities of

4 H06000050571 3

FEB-24-2896 15:49 GUNSTER P.88/23
106000050571 3

the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or
consolidation; (B) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of this
Corporation (except to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation;
or (C) the exclusive license of all or substantially all of the intellectual
property assets of the Corporation (except to a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Corporation).

(e} Consideration Received. In any liquidation, dissolution, or

winding-up of the Corporation, if the consideration received by the
Corporation is other than cash or securities, its value will be deemed
its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board. Any
securities shall be yalued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to an investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability covered by Section 4(e){ii)
below:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq
National or SmallCap Market, the value shall be deemed to be
the average of the closing prices of the securities on such
quotation system over the thirty-day period ending three days
prior to the closing;

(2} If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed
to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever
is applicable) over the 30-day period ending three days prior
to the closing: and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the
Board.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to an investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than
restrictions arising solely by virtue of a shareholder’s status as an
affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate
discount from the market value determined as above in
Section 4(e)(iX(1), (2), or (3) to reflect the approximate fair market
value thereof; as determined in good faith by the Board.

3. REDEMPTION.

(a) At any time on or after February 24 2011, the Corporation will, subject
to the conditions set forth below, upon receipt of a written request (a
“Redemption Request”) for redemption from holders of at least sixty
six and two thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the Series B Preferred Stock
then issued and outstanding redeem from each holder of Series B
Preferred Stock all Series B Preferred Stock then held by each such

b) HO96000050571 3
a a a a si

FEB-24-2406 15:41 GUNSTER P.89/23
H06000050571 3

holder, at a price per share equal to the sum of (A) the Series B
Original Issue Price, plus (B) the per share amount of any and all
dividends declared, accumulated or accrued but unpaid thereon
through the payment date (the “Redemption Price”). Upon receipt of
the Redemption Request, the Company shall establish an initial
redemption date (the “Initial Redemption Date’), which shall be no
more than thirty days following the date of the Redemption Request.
The Redemption Price shall be paid, and each holder’s Series B
Preferred Stock shall be redeemed, in three equal annual installments
on each of the Initial Redemption Date and the first and second
anniversary thereof (each a “Redemption Date’).

(b) If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of
Series B Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to
redeem all of the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
required under this Section 5 to be redeemed on such date, those funds
which are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum
possible number of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock ratably on
the basis of the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock which
would be redeemed on such date if the funds of the Corporation legally
available therefor had been sufficient to redeem all shares of Series B
Preferred Stock required to be redeemed on such date. At any time
thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation become legally
available for the redemption of Series B Preferred Stock, such funds
will be used, at the end of the next succeeding fiscal quarter, to redeem
the balance of the shares which the Corporation was theretofore
obligated to redeem, ratably on the basis set forth in the preceding
sentence.

(c) The Corporation shall provide notice of its receipt of a Redemption
Request, specifying the time, manner and place of redemption, the
certificate representing the Series B Preferred Stock being redeemed,
and the Redemption Price (a “Redemption Notice”), by first class or
registered mail, postage prepaid, to each holder of record of the Series
B Preferred Stock, at the address for such holders last shown on the
records of the transfer agent therefor (or the records of the
Corporation, if it serves as its own transfer agent), not less than twenty
days prior to the applicable Redemption Date. Each holder of Series B
Preferred Stock shall surrender to the Corporation on the applicable
Redemption Date the certificate(s) representing the shares to be
redeemed on such date, in the manner and at the place designated in
the Redemption Notice.

(d) Unless there shall have been a default in payment of the applicable
Redemption Price, no share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to any dividends declared, accurnulated or accrued after its
Redemption Date, and on such Redemption Date all rights of the

6 H06000050571 3
FEB-24-28865 15:41 GUNSTER P.iB/23
1106000050571 3 )

holder of such share as a stockholder of the Corporation by reason of
the ownership of such share will cease, except the right to receive the
applicable Series B Redemption Price of such share, without interest,
upon presentation and surrender of the certificate representing such
share, and such share will not from and after such Redemption Date be
deemed to be outstanding.

(e) If the Redemption Notice shall have been duly given, and if on the
applicable Redemption Date, the Redemption Price payable upon
redemption of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed
on such Redemption Date is paid or tendered for payment or deposited
with an independent payment agent so as fo be available therefore,
then notwithstanding that the certificates evidencing any of the shares
of Series B Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall not have
been surrendered, dividends and all rights with respect to such shares
shall, after the Redemption Date, terminate, except the right of the
holders to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon
suirender of their certificate or certificates therefore.

(f) The Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock shall not be
redeemable. No appraiser shall have the power to expand, modify or
delete any of the procedures set forth herein.

6. OPTIONAL CONVERSION.
The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows:

{a} Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible,
at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time,
into such number of fuily paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock as is determined by dividing the Preferred Original Issue Price
(as defined below) by the Conversion Price (as defined below) in
effect at the time of conversion. The “Preferred Original Issue Price”
shall be (x) the Series A Original Issue Price per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock and (y) the Series B Original Issue Price plus the per
share amount of any and all dividends declared, accumulated or
accrued but unpaid thereon per share for the Series B Preferred Stock.
The initial “Conversion Price” shall be the Series A Original Issue
Price per share for the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B
Original Issue Price per share for the Series B Preferred Stock. Such
initial Conversion Price, and the rate at which shares of Preferred
Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shall be subject
to adjustment as provided below.

In the event of a Redemption Notice, the conversion rights of the
shares designated for redemption shall terminate at the close of
business on the third full day preceding the date fixed for redemption,

7 H06000050571 3
FEB-24-2886 15:41 GUNSTER P.11723
H06000030571 3

unless the redemption price is not paid when due, in which case the
conversion rights for such shares shall continue until such price is paid
in fill. In the event of a Liquidation Event (or a transaction deemed to
be a Liquidation Event pursuant to Section 4(d) of Article V), the
conversion rights (but not the holders’ rights to distributions on an “as
converted basis” under Section 4(c} of Article V) shall terminate at the
close of business on the first full day immediately preceding the date
fixed for the payment of any amounts distributable in such Liquidation
Event (or a transaction deemed to be a Liquidation Event pursuant to
Section 4{d) of Article V) to the holders of Preferred Stock.

(b) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. In lieu of any
fractional shares to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the
Corporation shall pay to such holder an amount in cash equal to such
fraction multiplied by the then effective Conversion Price.

{c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Ifa holder of Preferred Stock elects to convert shares of Preferred
Stock mto shares of Common Stock pursuant to subsection (a)
above, such holder shall surrender the certificates or certificates
for such shares of Preferred Stock at the principal office of the
Corporation together with written notice that such holder elects to
convert all or any number of the shares of the Preferred Stock
represented by such certificate or certificates. Such notice shall
state such holder’s name or the names of the nominees in which
such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of
Common Stock te be issued and the effective date of the
conversion (the “Conversion Date”), which may be any date
within the 60-day period following the date on which such notice
is received by the Corporation. Lf required by the Corporation,
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or
accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in
form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the
registered holder or such holder’s attorney duly authorized in
writing. The converting holder shall be deemed to be the record
holder of the resulting shares of Common Stock on the
Conversion Date and the Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
after the Conversion Date (and in any event within three business
days), issue and deliver at such office of such holder of Preferred
Stock, or to such holder’s nominees, a certificate or certificates for
the number of shares of Common Stack to which such holder shall
be entitled, together with payment in lieu of any fraction of a
share pursuant to Section 6(b) above.

‘8 06000050571 3
FEB-24-2885 15:42 GUNSTER P.12/23
H06000050571 3

(ii) The Corporation shall] at all times when the Preferred Stock shall
be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized
but unissued stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of
the Preferred Stock, such number of iis duly authorized shares of
Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect
the conversion of all outstanding Preferred Stock. Before taking
any action which would cause an adjustment reducing the
Conversion Price below the then par value of the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock,
the Corporation will, to the extent permitted by applicable law,
take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel,
be necessary in order that the Corporation may validly and legally
issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at
such adjusted Conversion Price,

(tii) On the Conversion Date, all shares of Preferred Stock which shall
have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no
longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights with respect to
such shares, including the rights, if any, to receive notices and to
vote, shall immediately cease and terminate, except only the right
of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in
exchange therefor and payment of any dividends declared,
accumulated or accrued but unpaid thereon. Any shares of
Preferred Stock so converted shall be retired and cancelled and
shall not be reissued, and the Corporation (without the need for
stockholder action} may from thereafter take such appropriate
action as may be necessary to reduce the authorized Preferred

Stock accordingly,

(iv) The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes (other
than taxes based on income) that may be payable in respect of any
issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion
of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 6. The
Corporation shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which
may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that
in which the shares of Preferred Stock so converted were
registered, and no such issuance or delivery shall be made unless
and until the person or entity requesting such issuance has paid to
the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established, to
the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

(d) Adjustment for Dilution. If at any time after the date of the filing of
this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with

the Secretary of State of the State of Florida (the “Filing Date”), the
Corporation shall issue any shares of Common Stock, or shall issue
any Common Steck Equivalents (as hereinafter defined), for a

9 106000050571 3
FER-24-2086 15:42 GUNSTER P.13-23
06000050571 3

consideration per share less than the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to the issuance of such Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents, the Conversion Price of such share of Preferred
Stock in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall be
decreased to the amount determined in accordance with the following

formula:

New Conversion Price = i 1) + 2x 2
Qi+Q2

For purposes of the foregoing formula:

Pl= Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such

issuance.

Q1 = Number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding
{in accordance with subparagraph (vi) below) immediately prior to
such issuance.

P2= The per share consideration received by the Corporation
upon such issuance (determined in accordance with subparagraphs (iii)
and (vi) below).

Q2= The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise or conversion of the Cormmon Stock
Equivalents issued or sold.

For purpose of any adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this
Section 6(d), the following provisions shall be applicable:

(i) “Common Stock Equivalents” means any stock or security
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common
Stock and any right, warrant or option to acquire Common Stock
or any such convertible, exercisable or exchangeable security.

Gi) The per share consideration for the sale or issuance of Common
Stock shall be the price per share received by the Corporation
before payment of commissions, discounts and other expenses.
The value of any non-cash consideration received or receivable
upon the sale or issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

{iii} In the case of the sale or issuance of Common Stock Equivalents,
the per share consideration shall be determined by dividing the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable with
tespect to such Common Stock Equivalents into the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation upon the sale or

10 H06000050571 3
FEB-24-2826 15:42 GUNSTER P_ 14/23
06000050571 3

issuance of such Common Stock Equivalents plus the minimum
aggregate amount of any additional consideration receivable by
the Corporation upon the conversion or exercise of such Common
Stock Equivalents. For the purpose of calculation, such maximum
number of shares shall be assumed to be issued on the earlier of
the payment date or record date for a distribution of such

Common Stock Equivalents.

(iv) If any Common Stock Equivalents included in adjustments under
this Section 6(d) expire or terminate without the Common Stock
to which they related having been issued, the Conversion Price
shall be readjusted to eliminate the effect of the assumed issuance
of such Common Stock. If any Common Stock Equivalents by
their terms provide for subsequent increases in the additional
consideration payable for or are amended to provide for the
related Common Stock or for subsequent decreases in the number
of shares of Common Stock obtainable, then, upon any such
increase or decrease, the Conversion Price shall be appropriately
readjusted to the extent such Common Stock Equivalents have not
then expired or been exercised or converted. The aggregatc
increase in the Conversion Price caused by all such readjustments
shall not exceed the decrease in Conversion Price made upon the
issuance of the Common Stock Equivalents to which such
readjustments relates, If any Common Stock Equivalents by their
terms provide for or are amended to provide for subsequent
decreases in the additional consideration payable for the related
Common Stock or for subsequent increases in the number of
shares of Common Stock obtainable, then, upon any such decrease
or increase, the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to the extent such Common Stock Equivalents have not then
expired or been exercised or converted.

(vy) In case the Corporation shall declare a dividend or make any other
distribution upon any stock of the Corporation payable in
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, such Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents shall be deemed to have
been issued or sold without consideration as of the earlier of the
related record or payment date,

(vi) The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any point
in time shall include all shares then issuable or to become issuable
pursuant to any Common Stock Equivalent then issued or to be
issued, but only to the extent the then effective exercise price or
conversion price of such Common Stock Equivalent is less than or
equal to the per share consideration for the shares of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents which have given rise to the
Conversion Price adjustment being calculated,

11 H06000050571 3
FEB-24-2886 15:43 GUNSTER P.15/23
H06060050571 3

(vii} The following issuances of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents shali not require adjustment of the Conversion Price
under this Section 6(d): (1) any dividend or distribution on the
Series B Preferred Stock; (2) any stock for which adjustment of
the Conversion Price is made pursuant to Sections 6(e), 6(6), 6(g)
or 6(h) below; (3) securities offered by the Corporation to the
public in a Qualified Public Offering (as defined in Section 7(a)
below); (4) securities issued or securities issuable upon the
exercise or conversion of such securities to employees,
consultants, directors of the Company pursuant to stock purchase,
stock option plans or other agreement approved by the Board,
including at least two of the Series B Directors; (5) securities
issued or securities issuable upon the exercise or conversion of
such securities pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing
arrangement, real property leasing arrangement or debt financing
from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board,
including at least two of the Series B Directors; and (6) shares
issued with respect to which the holders of not less than sixty six
and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the Series B Preferred Stock
waive their rights pursuant to this Section 6.

(e) ustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation
shall at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date effect a
subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock, the Conversion Price
then in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be
proportionately decreased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from
time to time after the Filing Date effect a subdivision of the Preferred
Stock, the Conversion Price with respect to the Preferred Stock then in
effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately
increased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time
after the Filing Date combine the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect immediately before the
combination shall be proportionately increased. If the Corporation
shall at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date combine the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the Conversion Price with
respect to the Preferred Stock then in effect immediately before the
combination shall be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this paragraph shall become effective at the close of business on
the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(f) Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event the

Corporation at any time, or from time to time after the Filing Date
shall make or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of
holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other
distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then and
in each such event the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock then in
effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the

12 H06000050571 3
FEB-24-2806 15:43 GUNSTER P.16/23
H060060S0571 3

evert such a record date shal] have been fixed, as of the close of
business on such record date, by multiplying the Conversion Price then
in effect by a fraction:

(1} the numerator of which shall be the tota] number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the time of such issuance or the close of business on such
record date, and

(2) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the time of such issuance cr the close of business on such
record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution;

provided, however, if such record date shall have been fixed and such
dividend is not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on
the date fixed therefor, the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock
shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such
record date and thereafter the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock
shail be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual
payment of such dividends or distributions; and provided further,
however, that no such adjustment shall be made if the holders of
Preferred Stock simultaneously receive (i) a dividend or other
distribution of shares of Common Stock in a number equal to the
number of shares of Common Stock as they would have received if all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock had been converted into |
Common Stock on the date of such event or (ii) a dividend or other
distribution of securities which are convertible, as of the date of such
event, into such number of shares of Common Stock as is equal to the
number of additional shares of Common Stock being issued with
respect to each share of Common Stock in such dividend or
distribution.

(zg) Adiustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event the
Corporation at any titne or from time to time after the Filing Date shall
make or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution
payable in securities of the Corporation other than shares of Common
Stock, then and in each such event provision shall be made so that the
holders of the Preferred Stock sha]] receive upon conversion thereof in
addition to the number of shares of Common Stack receivable
thereupon, the amount of securities of the Corporation that they would
have received had the Preferred Stock been converted into Common
Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafter, during the
period from the date of such event to and including the conversion
date, retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during

13 FE06000050571 3
FEB-24-2085 15:43 GUNSTER P.17/23
06000050571 3

such period, giving application to all adjustments called for during
such period under this paragraph with respect to the rights of the
holders of the Preferred Stock; and provided further, however, that no
such adjustment shall be made if the holders of Preferred Stock
simultaneously receive a dividend or other distribution of such
securities in an amount equal to the amount of such securities as they
would have received if all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock had
been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

(h) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, or Substitution. If the

Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock
shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any
class or classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization,
reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination
or shares or stock dividend provided for above, or a reorganization,
merger, consolidation, or sale of assets provided for below), then and
in each such event the holder of each such share of Preferred Stock
shall have the right thereafter to convert such share into the kind and
amount of shares of stock and other securities and property receivable
upon such reorganization, reclassification, or other change by holders
of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of
Preferred Stock might have been converted immediately prior to such
reorganization, reclassification, or change, all subject to further
adjustment as provided herein.

@ Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization. In case of any

consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another
corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation to another corporation each share of Preferred Stock shall
thereafter be convertible (or shall be converted into a security which
shall be convertible) into the kind and amount of shares of stock or
other securities or property to which a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon conversion of
such Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such
consolidation, merger or sale; and, in such case, appropriate
adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board) shall be made in
the application of the provisions in this Section 6 set forth with respect
to the rights and interests thereafter of the holders of the Preferred
Stock, to the end that the provisions set forth in this Section 6
(including provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments
of the Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as
reasonably may be, in relation to any shares of stock or other property
thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

G) No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its

Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of
assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or

14 F06000050571 3
FEB-24-2986 15:44 GUNSTER P. 19723
H06000050571 3

any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist
in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 6 and in the
taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
protect the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 6 against impairment,

(k) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each

adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this
Section 6 the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such
adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and
furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which
such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon
the written request at any ime (but not more than twice in any 12
month period) of any holder of shares representing at least 5% of the
authorized nurnber of shares of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a similar certificate setting forth {i} such
adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price then in effect,
and (iii} the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if
any, of other property which then would be received upon the
conversion of Preferred Stock.

d) Taxes. The issuance of certificates representing shares of Common
Stock upon conversion of any Preferred Stock shall be made to each
applicable shareholder without charge for any excise tax in respect of
such issuance. However, if any certificate is to be issued in a name
other than that of the holder of record of the Preferred Stock, the
person or persons requesting the issuance thereof shali pay to the
Corporation the amount of any tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer involved in such issuance, or shall establish to the
satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid or is not due

and payable.
7. MANDATORY CONVERSION.

{a} Upon either (i) the closing of the sale by the Corporation of shares of
Common Stock in a firm commitment, underwritten public offering
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, through a firm acceptable to the Board at a price
per share of Common Stock equal to at least $2.30 (as adjusted from
time to time to reflect stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations
and/or similar events that affects the number of issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock) and resulting in at least $20,000,000 of
gross proceeds to the Corporation (before deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions and offering expenses) (a “Qualified

15 H06000050571 3
FEB-24-2005 15:44 GUNSTER P.19/23
H06000050571 3

Public Offering”) or (ii) date of the affirmative vote or written consent
of the holders of not less than sixty six and two-thirds percent (66
2/3%) of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock voting together
as one class ((i) or Gi), the “Mandatory Conversion Daie”), all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted into shares of
Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price.

(b) Upon the occurrence of any event specified in subsection (a)(i) or
{a)(ii) above, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted automatically without any further action by the holders of
such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares
are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent; provided,
however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue
certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of
Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its
transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed
and executes an agreement satisfactory io the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection
with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such antomatic
conversion of the Preferred Stock, the holders of such Preferred Stock
shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of
the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock.
Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such holder promptly
at such office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate
or certificates, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock into which the shares of such Preferred Stock
surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic
conversion occurred.

(c} All certificates evidencing shares of Preferred Stock which are
required to be surrendered for conversion in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 7 shall, from and after the Mandatory
Conversion Date, be deemed to have been retired and cancelled and
the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby converted into
Common Stock for all purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the
holder or holders thereof to surrender such certificates on of prior to
such date. The Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate
action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to
reduce the authorized Preferred Stock accordingly.

8. PROTECTIVE PROVISIONS
In addition to the voting rights set forth in Section 2(a) and any vote which

any sérics of Preferred Stock may have under the Florida Business
Corporation Act, so long as twenty five percent (25%) of the issued

16 H06000050571 3
FEB-24-2006 15:45 GUNSTER P. 28/23
F06000050571 3

shares of Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation
shall not, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to not, without first
obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of not less
than sixty six and two thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the outstanding shares
of Series B Preferred Stock:

(a) Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire for value (or pay into or set
aside for a sinking find for such purposes) any shares of Preferred
Stock other than in accordance with Section 5 of Article V hereof or
that certain Amended and Restated Shareholders and Registration
Rights Agreement dated February 24, 2006, (the “Shareholders
Agreement”);

(b) Other than in accordance with the Shareholders Agreement, redeem,
purchase or otherwise acquire (cr pay into or set aside for a sinking
fund for such purposes) any Junior Stock; provided, however, that this
restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common
Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons
performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to
agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase
such shares at cost or at the then fair market value of such shares upon
the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of
employment, as determined in good faith by the Board;_provided that
the total amount applied to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock
does not exceed $25,000 during any twelve (12) month period;

(c) Authorize, designate, create, or issue securities senior to, of on a parity
with, the Series B Preferred Stock, or increase or decrease the
authorized capital stock of the Corporation;

(d) Pay dividends on or make other distributions with respect to any
securities, other than the Series B Preferred Stock;

(¢) Authorize any Liquidation Event or any transaction deemed to be a
Liquidation Event pursuant to Section 4(d) of Article V;

(f) Authorize or permit a subsidiary of the Corporation to sell securities to
any person or entity other than the Corporation;

(g} Authorize any amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-
laws, or take any other action by merger, recapitalization or otherwise,
that would adversely affect the rights of the holders of Series B
Preferred Stack;

(h) Change the number of directors that may constitute the Board from
seven, or such other number of directors as is subsequently approved
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 8;

17 H06000050571 3

FEB-24~2806 15:45 GUNSTER P.21723

H060000530571 3

G) Make any purchase, lease or acquisition of all or substantially all of
the stock or assets of any other legal entity;

(Gj) Enter into any strategic alliance, technology licensing arrangement or
other corporate parmering relationship involving the issuance by the
Corporation of capital stock;

(k) Increase the number of securities issued or securities issuable upon the
exercise or conversion of such securities to employees, consultants and
directors of the Company pursuant to stock purchase, stock option
plans or other agreement approved by the Board (other than to reflect
adjustments in the event of any stock dividend, stock split,
combination or similar recapitalization);

QQ) Incur any debt for borrowed money, except for bank loans, loans from
institutional or other third party lenders, equipment leases and similar
agreements in the ordinary and usual course of business not exceeding

$500,000 in the aggregate;

(m)}Make or cause to be made the filing of any registration statement by
the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

(n) Amend, alter or repeal any of the foregoing provisions of this Section

Article VI
Bylaws. The power to adopt, alter, amend or repeal Bylaws shall be vested in the Board
and shareholders of the Corporation

Article YIT

Registered Office and Agent. The street address of the registered office of the
Corporation is 2153 SE Hawthorne Road, Gainesville, Florida 32641-7552, and the name of the
registered agent of the Corporation is Jamie M. Grooms.

Article YI

Board of Directors. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be determined from
time to time by resolution adopted by the Board, subject to Article V, Section 3 and Section &(h).
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the

Board.
Article IX
Indemnification, Provided the person proposed to be indemnified satisfies the requisite
standard of conduct for permissive indemnification by a corporation as specifically set forth in

18 706000050571 3

~My Tome

FEB-24-28065 15:45 GUNSTER P. 22/23

H06000050571 3

the applicable provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act, as the same may be amended
from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify its officers and directors and may indemnify
its employees and agents, to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of the Florida Business
Corporation Act and the Byfaws of the Corporation, as the same may be amended and
supplemented, from and against any and all of the expenses or liabilities incurred in defending a
civil or criminal proceeding, or other matters referred to in or covered by said provisions,
including advancement of expenses prior to the final disposition of such proceedings and
amounts paid in settlement of such proceedings, both as to action in his or her official capacity
and as to action in another capacity while an officer, director, employee or other agent. The
indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which
those indemnified may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or
disinterested directors or otherwise. Such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has
ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent, and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs and
personal representatives of such a person. Except as otherwise required by law, an adjudication
of liability shall not affect the right to indemnification for those indemnified.

Article X
Amendment, Subject to Article V, Section 8, the Corporation reserves the right to amend
or repeal any provision contained in these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation in the

manner prescribed by the Florida Business Corporation Act and all rights conferred upon
shareholders are granted subject to this reservation.

19 H06000050571 3
FEB-24-2886 15:45 GUNSTER
P.23/723

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
AXOGEN CORFORATION
ACCEPTANCE OR APPOINTMENT AS REGISTERED AGENT

Having been named as registered agent and to accept seryice of process of Axogen
Corporation, a Flotida corporation, at the place designated in the forgoing Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation, I hereby accept the appointment as registered agent and agree
to act in this capacity. 1 further agree to comply with the provisions of all statutes relating to the
proper and complete performance of my duties, and I am familiar with and accept the obligations

of my position as registered ag

Date: February 2t/ 2006

WPS 871220.3

HO650571 3
TOTAL P.23
