State of Delaware
Secre of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 05:38 PM 01/07/2010
FILED 05:01 PM 01/07/2010
SRV 100019667 - 4173936 FILE

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AXOGEN CORPORATION

AxoGen Corporation, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware. herby certifies as follows:

1. The name of the corporation is AxoGen Corporation. The original Certificate of
Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 13, 2006 and
subsequently filed, amended and restated on November 2, 2007, as amended by the Certificate of
Amendment filed April 17, 2008.

2. Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates and integrates
and further amends the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation.

3. The text of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby
amendcd and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

ARTICLE FIRST
The name of the Corporation is AxoGen Corporation.
ARTICLE SECOND

The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711 Centerville
Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19808. The name of the
Corporation's registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE THIRD

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations
may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL").

ARTICLE FOURTH

(A) Classes of Stock. The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall
have the authority to issue is 214,408,891 shares, divided into 119,000,000 shares of Common
Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the “Common Stock’), and 95,408.89] shares of Preferred
Stock (as defined below), 2,544,750 of which are designated Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock. par value $0.00001 per share (the “Series A Preferred Stock”), 17,065.217 shares of
which are designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the
“Series B Preferred Stock’), 16,798,924 of which are designated Serics C Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value $0.0000! per share (the “Series C Preferred Stock”), and 59,000.000 of which
are designated Senes D Convertible Preterred Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the “Series D
Preferred Stock’). As used in this ARTICLE FOURTH, the term “Preferred Stock” used

A73251821.2
without reference to the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Senes C
Preferred Stock or the Series D Preferred Stock means the shares of Preferred Stock, without
distinction as to series. The issuance price of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be $0.44 per
share, the issuance price of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be $0.46 per share, the issuance
price of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be $0.7345 per share and the issuance price of the
Series D Preferred Stock shall be $0.1198 per share. The Board of Directors of the Corporation
(the “Board”), except as otherwise provided in this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the “Certificate”), is authorized to decrease the number of shares of any series
subsequent to the issuance of shares of that series, but not below the number of shares of such
series outstanding. In case the number of shares of any series shall be so decreased, the shares
constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the
resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series.

(B) Rights and Preferences of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock authorized by

this Certificate may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Preferred Stock are as set forth below.

1. Rank. The Series D Preferred Stock shall rank senior to the Series C
Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series A Preferred Stock and the Common
Stock as to dividends and upon redemption (subject to Section 4 of this ARTICLE FOURTH
Section (B)), liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Series C Preferred Stock shall rank
senior to the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock as to
dividends and upon redemption (subject to Section 4 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B)),
liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Series B Preferred Stock shall rank senior to the
Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock as to dividends and upon redemption (subject
to Section 4 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B)), liquidation, dissolution or winding up.
The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank senior to the Common Stock as to dividends and upon
redemption, liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

2. Dividends.

2.1 Series D Preferred Stock. Dividends on each share of the Series D
Preferred Stock shall accrue and be cumulative, regardless of whether declared by the Board, on
and after each share’s respective date of issuance at an annual rate of 8% of the Series D Original
Purchase Price ner share from the date of original issuance (appropriately adjusted for stock
splits, reverse stock splits and similar type transactions or occurrences with respect to the Series
D Preferred Stock) and shall be payable upon the earliest to occur of (i) a mandatory redemption,
(ii) a Liquidation Event (as defined below in Section 3.1.1 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section
(B)), (iii) as declared by the Board, if and when any dividends are declared by the Board on any
class or series of capital stock of the Company and in the amount so declared, plus all
accumulated dividends, and (iv) any optional conversion. Except as otherwise provided herein,
if at any time the Corporation pays less than the total amount of dividends then declared,
accumulated or accrued but unpaid with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock, such payment
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Series D Preferred Stock based upon the
aggregate number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by such holder. The “Series D
Original Issue Price” shall mean $0. 0.1198 per share as adjusted from time to time to reflect

AST3251821.2 2
stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations and/or similar events that affects the number of
issued and outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock.

2.2 Series C Preferred Stock. Dividends on each share of the Series C
Preferred Stock shall accrue and be cumulative, regardless of whether declared by the Board, on
and after each share’s respective date of issuance at an annual rate of 8% of the Series C Original
Purchase Price per share from the date of original issuance (appropriately adjusted for stock
splits, reverse stock splits and similar type transactions or occurrences with respect to the Series
C Preferred Stock) and shall be payable upon the earliest to occur of (i) a mandatory redemption,
(ii) a Liquidation Event (as defined below in Section 3.1.1 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section
(B)), (iii) as declared by the Board, if and when any dividends are declared by the Board on any
class or series of capital stock of the Company and in the amount so declared, plus all
accumulated dividends, and (iv) any optional conversion. Except as otherwise provided herein,
if at any time the Corporation pays less than the total amount of dividends then declared,
accumulated or accrued but unpaid with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, such payment
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock based upon the
agprepate number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder. The “Series C
Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.7345 per share as adjusted from time to time to reflect stock
dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations and/or similar events that affects the number of issued
and outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

2.3. Series B Preferred Stock. Dividends on each share of the Series B
Preferred Stock shall accrue and be cumulative, regardless of whether declared by the Board, on
and after each share’s respective date of issuance at an annual rate of 8% of the Series B Original
Purchase Price per share from the date of original issuance (appropriately adjusted for stock
splits, reverse stock splits and. similar, type transactions or occurrences with respect to the Senes
B Preferred Stock) and shall be payable upon the earliest to occur of (i) a mandatory redemption,
(ii) a Liquidation Event (as defined below in Section 3.1.1 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section
(B)), (iii) as declared by the Board, if and when any dividends are declared by the Board on any
junior class or series of capital stock of the Company and in the amount so declared, plus all
accumulated dividends, and (iv) any optional conversion. No dividends shall be paid on any
share of Series B Preferred Stock, unless all accumulated or accrued dividends to holders of
Series C Preferred Stock are paid with respect to all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein, if at any time the Corporation pays less than the
total amount of dividends then declared, accumulated or accrued but unpaid with respect to the
Series B Preferred Stock, such payment shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Series
B Preferred Stock based upon the aggregate number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held
by such holder. The “Series B Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.46 per share as adjusted
from time to time to reflect stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations and/or similar events
that affects the number of issued and outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock.

2.4 Series A Preferred Stock & Common Stock. No dividends will be accrued
on the Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock. After the payment or declaration and setting
aside for payment of the full cumulative dividends for all prior and then current dividend periods
on all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock heretofore required to. be set aside with respect to the
Preferred Stock, dividends on the Common Stock may be declared and paid, whether payable in
cash, in property or in secunties of the Corporation, but only when and as determined by the

A/73251821.2 3
Board. The holders of Common Stock and each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
share equally in and to receive such dividends in accordance with the number of shares of
Common Stock held by each such holder. For clarity, holders of Preferred Stock shall be
deemed to hold Common Stock in the amount which such holder would have received on such
record date of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock then held by
such holder are then convertible.

3. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.
3.1 Treatment at Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.
3.1.1 Series D Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference. In the event of

(i) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another entity which results in the
holders of the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto directly
owning immediately thereafter less than a majority of the voting securities of the surviving entity
outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; (ii) a sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Corporation (except to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation; (iii) the
exclusive license of all or substantially all of the intellectual property assets of the Corporation
(except to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation); or (iv) a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation occurs, whether voluntary or involuntary (each of such events a
“Liquidation Event’), the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall have the right to receive, in
preference to the holders of any other shares of capital stock of the Corporation, (a) an amount
equal to the Series D Original Issue Price per share, plus (b) any accumulated and unpaid
dividends (the “Series D Liquidation Amount’). If the assets of the Corporation legally available
for distribution under this Section 3.1.1 shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to such
holders of the Series D Preferred Stock of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire
assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of the Series D Preferred Stock in accordance with the aggregate liquidation preference
(as set forth in this Section 3.1.1) of the shares of the Serics D Preferred Stock held by each of
them.

3.1.2. Series C Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference. Upon a
Liquidation Event, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall first receive, prior and in

preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of any other
shares of capital stock of the Corporation other than the holders of Series D Preferred Stock,
including the Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, an
amount equal to (a) the Series C Original Issue Price per share, plus (b) any accumulated and
unpaid dividends (the “Series C Liquidation Amount’). No Series C Liquidation Amount shall
be paid on any share of Series C Preferred Stock, unless all Series D Liquidation Amounts to
holders of Series D Preferred Stock are paid with respect to all outstanding shares of Series D
Preferred Stock. If the assets of the Corporation legally available for distnbution under this
Section 3.1.2 shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to such holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire assets of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distibuted ratably among the holders of
the Series C Preferred Stock in accordance with the aggregate liquidation preference (as set forth
in this Section 3.1.2) of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock held by each of them.

ALT3251821.2 4
3.1.3 Series B Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference. Upon a

Liquidation Event, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall first receive, prior and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of any other
shares of capital stock of the Corporation other than the holders of Series D Preferred Stock and
Series C Preferred Stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, an
amount equal to (a) the Series B Original Issue Price plus (b) the amount of all declared,
accumulated or accrued but unpaid dividends thereon (“Series B Liquidation Amount’). No
Series B Liquidation Amount shall be paid on any share of Series B Preferred Stock, unless all
Series D Liquidation Amounts to holders of Series D Preferred Stock and Series C Liquidation
Amounts to holders of Series C Preferred Stock are paid with respect to all outstanding shares of
Series D Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, as applicable. If the assets of the
Corporation Icgally available for distribution under this Section 3.1.3 shall be insufficient to
permit the payment in full to such holders of the Series B Preferred Stock of the full aforesaid
preferential amounts, then the entire assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with
the aggregate liquidation preference (as set forth in this Section 3.1.3) of the shares of the Series
B Preferred Stock held by each of them.

3.1.4 Series A Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference. After there shall
have been paid to or set aside for the holders of all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred

Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, the full preferential amount to
‘which they are respectively entitled to receive as set forth in Section 3.1 of this ARTICLE
FOURTH Section (B), upon a Liquidation Event, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shal]
next receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to
the holders of Common Stock, an amount equal to the Series A Original Issue Price (as defined
below). If the assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution under this Section 3.1.4
shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to such holders of the Senes A Preferred Stock
of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire assets of the Corporation legally
available for distribution shal] be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock in accordance with the aggregate liquidation preference (as set forth in this Section 3.1.4)
of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock held by each of them. The “Series A Original Issue
Price” shall mean $0.44 per share as adjusted from time to time to reflect stock dividends, stock
splits, recapitalizations and/or similar events that affect the number of issued and outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

3.1.5 General Liquidation Distributions. After there shall have been
paid to or set aside for the holders of all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock the full amounts to
which they are respectively entitled to receive as set forth in Section 3.] of this ARTICLE
FOURTH Section (B), all the remaining assets of the Corporation will be available for
distribution to its holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock, pro rata based on the number
of shares held by them (calculated as if the holders of Preferred Stock had converted the
Preferred Stock and had been holders of Common Stock immediately prior to such dissolution,
liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation).

3.1.6 Consideration Received. In any liquidation, dissolution, or
winding-up of the Corporation, if the consideration received by the Corporation is other than

A/73251821 2 5
cash or securities, its value will be deemed its fair market value as determined in good faith by
the Board. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(a) Securities not subject to an investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(A) If traded on a securities exchange or through the
Nasdaq National or SmallCap Market, the value
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing
prices of the securities on such quotation system
over the thirty (30)-day period ending three (3) days
prior to the closing;

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shal]
be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or
sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty
(30)-day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing; and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be
the fair market value thereof, as determined in good
faith by the Board.

(b) The method of valuation of securities subject to an
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a shareholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropnate discount from the market value determined as above to reflect the approximate fair
market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board.

4, Redemption.

4.1 At any time on or after January 7, 2015, the Corporation will, subject to
the conditions set forth below, upon receipt of a written request (a “Redemption Request’) for
redemption from holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the Series D
Preferred Stock then issued and outstanding redeem from each holder of Series D Preferred
Stock all Series D Preferred Stock then held by each such holder, at a price per share equal to the
Series D Liquidation Amount (the “Series D Redemption Price’).

4.2 At any time on or after January 7, 2015, the Corporation will, subject to
the conditions set forth below, upon receipt of a Redemption Request for redemption from
holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the Series C Preferred Stock then issued and
outstanding redeem from each holder of Series C Preferred Stock all Series C Preferred Stock
then held by each such holder, at a price per share equal to the Series C Liquidation Amount (the
“Series C Redemption Price’).

4.3. At any time on or after January 7, 2015, the Corporation will, subject to
the conditions set forth below, upon receipt of a Redemption Request for redemption from
holders of at least fifty-five percent (55%) of the Series B Preferred Stock then issued and

A‘T3251821.2 6
outstanding redeem from each holder of Series B Preferred Stock all Series B Preferred Stock
then held by each such holder, at a price per share equal to the Series B Liquidation Amount (the
“Series B Redemption Price’’).

4.4 Upon receipt of the Redemption Request, the Company shall establish an
initial redemption date (the “Jnitial Redemption Date’’), which shall be no more than thirty (30)
days following the date of the Redemption Request. The Redemption Price shall be paid, and
each holder’s Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock
shall be redeemed, in three (3) equal annual installments on each of the Initial Redemption Date
and the first and second anniversary thereof (each a “Redemption Date’’).

4.5 If the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of Series
D Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem all of the number of shares
of Series D Preferred Stock required under this Section 4 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section
(B) to be redeemed on such date, those funds which are legally available will be first used to
redeem the maximum possible number of such shares of Series D Preferred Stock ratably on the
basis of the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock which would be redeemed on such date
if the funds of the Corporation legally available therefor had been sufficient to redeem all shares
of Series D Preferred Stock required to be redeemed on such date. At any time thereafter when
additional funds of the Corporation become legally available for the redemption of Series D
Preferred Stock, such funds will be used, at the end of the next succeeding fiscal quarter, to
redeem the balance of the shares which the Corporation was theretofore obligated to redeem,
ratably on the basis set forth in the preceding sentence.

4.6 If after the redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock the funds of the
Corporation legally available for redemption of Series C Preferred Stock on any Redemption
Date are insufficient to redeem all of the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock required
under this Section 4 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B) to be redeemed on such date, those
funds which are legally available will be first used to redeem the maximum possible number of
such shares of Series C Preferred Stock ratably on the basis of the number of shares of Senes C
Preferred Stock which would be redeemed on such date if the funds of the Corporation legally
available therefor had been sufficient to redeem all shares of Series C Preferred Stock required to
be redeemed on such date. At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation
become legally available for the redemption of Series C Preferred Stock, such funds will be used,
at the end of the next succeeding fiscal quarter, to redeem the balance of the shares which the
Corporation was theretofore obligated to redeem, ratably on the basis set forth in the preceding
sentence.

4.7 If after the redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock and the C Preferred

Stock the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of Series B Preferred Stock

on any Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem all of the number of shares of Series B

_ Preferred Stock required under this Section 4 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B) to be
redeemed on such date, those funds which are legally available will be first used to redeem the

maximum possible number of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock ratably on the basis of the

number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock which would be redeemed on such date if the funds

of the Corporation legally available therefor had been sufficient to redeem al] shares of Series B

Preferred Stock required to be redeemed on such date. At any time thercafter when additional

A/73251821.2 7
funds of the Corporation become legally available for the redemption of Series B Preferred
Stock, such funds will be used, at the end of the next succeeding fiscal quarter, to redeem the
balance of the shares which the Corporation was theretofore obligated to redeem, ratably on the
basis set forth in the preceding sentence.

4.8 | The Corporation shall provide notice of its receipt of a Redemption
Request, specifying the time, manner and place of redemption, the certificate representing the
Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock being redeemed,
and the Redemption Price (a “Redemption Notice”), by first class or registered mail, postage
prepaid, to each holder of record of the Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock, at the address for such holders last shown on the records of the transfer
agent therefor (or the records of the Corporation, if it serves as its own transfer agent), not less
than twenty (20) days prior to the applicable Redemption Date. Each holder of Series D
Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall surrender to the
Corporation on the applicable Redemption Date the certificate(s) representing the shares to be
redeemed on such date, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice.

4.9 Unless there shall have been a default in payment of the applicable
Redemption Price, no share of Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock or Series B
Preferred Stock scheduled to be redeemed on a Redemption Date shall be entitled to any
dividends declared, accumulated or accrued after such Redemption Date, and on such
Redemption Date all rights of the holder of such share as a stockholder of the Corporation by
reason of the ownership of such share wil] cease, except the right to receive the applicable
Redemption Price of such share, without interest, upon presentation and surrender of the
certificate representing such share, and such share will not from and after such Redemption Date
be deemed to be outstanding.

4.10 If the Redemption Notice shall have been duly given, and if on the
applicable Redemption Date, the applicable Redemption Price payable upon redemption of the
shares of Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock to be
redeemed on such Redemption Date is paid or tendered for payment or deposited with an
independent payment agent so as to be available therefore, then notwithstanding that the
certificates evidencing any of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock or
Series B Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall not have been surrendered, dividends and
all rights with respect to such shares shall, after the Redemption Date, terminate, except the right
of the holders to receive the applicable Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of
their certificate or certificates therefore.

4.11. The Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.
No appraiser shal] have the power to expand, modify or delete any of the procedures set forth
herein.

5. Optional Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have
conversion rights as follows:

$.1 Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such number of fully

A73251821.2 8
paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Preferred
Original Issue Price (as defined below) by the Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at
the time of conversion. The “Preferred Original Issue Price” shall be (w) the Series A Original
Issue Price per share for the Series A Preferred Stock; (x) the Series B Original Issue Price plus
the per share amount of any and all dividends declared, accumulated or accrued but unpaid
thereon per share for the Series B Preferred Stock; (y) the Series C Original Issue Price plus the
per share amount of any and all dividends declared, accumulated or accrued but unpaid thereon
per share for the Scries C Preferred Stock; and (z) the Series D Original Issue Price plus the per
share amount of any and all dividends declared, accumulated or accrued but unpaid thereon per
share for the Series D Preferred Stock. The initial “Conversion Price’’ shall be the Senes A.
Original Issue Price per share for the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Original Issue Price
per share for the Series_B Preferred Stock, the Series C Original Issue Price per share for the
Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Original Issue Price per share for the Series D
Preferred Stock. Such initial Conversion Price, and the rate at which shares of Preferred Stock
may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to adjustment as provided
below. In the event of a Redemption Notice, the conversion rights of the shares designated for
redemption shall terminate at the close of business on the third full day preceding the date fixed
for redemption for such shares, unless the redemption price is not paid when due, in which case
the conversion rights for such shares shall continue until such price is paid in full. In the event of
a Liquidation Event (or a transaction deemed to be a Liquidation Event pursuant to Section 3.1
of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B)), the conversion rights (but not the holders’ rights to
distributions on an “as converted basis” pursuant to Section 3.1.1, 3.1.2, 3.1.3, 3.1.4 and 3.15 of
this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B)) shall terminate at the close of business on the first full day
immediately preceding the date fixed for the payment of any amounts distributable in such
Liquidation Event to the holders of Preferred Stock.

5.2 Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay to such holder an amount in cash equal to
such fraction multiplied by the then effective Conversion Price.

5.3 Mechanics of Conversion.

5.3.1 If a holder of Preferred Stock elects to convert shares of Preferred
Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 5.1 above, such holder shall surrender
the certificates or certificates for such shares of Preferred Stock at the principal office of the
Corporation together with written notice that such holder elects to convert all or any number of
the shares of the Preferred Stock represented by such certificate or certificates. Such notice shall
state such holder’s name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued and the effective date of the
conversion (the “Conversion Date”), which may be any date within the 60-day period following
the date on which such notice is received by the Corporation. If required by the Corporation,
certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument
or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the
registered holder or such holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing. The converting holder
shall be deemed to be the record holder of the resulting shares of Common Stock on the
Conversion Date and the Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after the Conversion Date (and

A/73251821.2 9
in any event within three (3) business days), issue and deliver at such office of such holder of
Preferred Stock, or to such holder’s nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled, together with payment in heu of
any fraction of a share pursuant to Section 5.2 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B).

5.3.2 The Corporation shall at all times when the Preferred Stock shall
be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued stock, for the
purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred Stock, such number of its duly authorized
shares of Common Stock as shal! from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding Preferred Stock. Before taking any action which would cause an adjustment
reducing the Conversion Price below the then par value of the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary
in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock at such adjusted Conversion Price.

5.3.3. On the Conversion Date, all shares of Preferred Stock which shall
have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be deemed to be
outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares, including the rights, if any, to receive
notices and to vote, shall immediately cease and terminate, except only the right of the holders
thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and payment of any dividends
declared, accumulated or accrued but unpaid thereon. Any shares of Preferred Stock so
converted shall be retired and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and the Corporation (without
the need for stockholder action) may from thereafter take such appropriate action as may be
necessary to reduce the authorized Preferred Stock accordingly.

5.3.4 The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes (other
than taxes based on income) that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5 of this
ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B). The Corporation shall not. however, be required to pay any
tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of
shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Preferred Stock so
converted were registered, and no such issuance or delivery shall be made unless and until the
person or entity requesting such issuance has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such tax
or has established, to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

5.4 Adjustment for Dilution. If at any time after the date of the filing of this
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware (the ‘Filing Date’), the Corporation shall issue any shares of Common Stock,
or shall issue any Common Stock Equivalents (as hereinafter defined), for a consideration per
share less than the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, the Conversion Price of such share of Preferred Stock in
effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall be decreased to the amount determined in
accordance with the following formula:

New Conversion Price = (P!_ x Ql) + (P2_ x Q2)

Qi+Q?2

AV73251821 2 10
For purposes of the foregoing formula:

P1= Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
issuance.

QI = Number of shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding
(in accordance with subparagraph (f) below of Section 5.4.1)
immediately prior to such issuance.

P2= The per share consideration received by the Corporation
upon such issuance (determined in accordance with subparagraphs
(b) and (c) below of Section 5.4.1).

Q2= The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise or conversion of the Common
Stock Equivalents issued or sold.

5.4.1 For purpose of any adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to
this Section 5.4, the following provisions shal! be applicable:

(a) | “Common Stock Equivalents” means any stock or security
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock and any right, warrant or
option to acquire Common Stock or any such convertible, exercisable or exchangeable security.

(b) The per share consideration for the sale or issuance of
Common Stock shall be the price per share received by the Corporation before payment of
commissions, discounts and other expenses. The value of any non-cash consideration received
or receivable upon the sale or issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents shall be
determined in good faith by the Board.

(c) In the case of the sale or issuance of Common Stock
Equivalents, the per share consideration shall be determined by dividing the maximum number
of shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents into the
aggregate consideration received by the Corporation upon the sale or issuance of such Common
Stock Equivalents plus the minimum aggregate amount of any additional consideration
receivable by the Corporation upon the conversion or exercise of such Common Stock
Equivalents. For the purpose of calculation, such maximum number of shares shall be assumed
to be issued on the earlier of the payment date or record date for a distribution of such Common
Stock Equivalents.

(d) If any Common Stock Equivalents included in adjustments
under this Section 5.4.1 expire or terminate without the Common Stock to which they related
having been issued, the Conversion Price shall be readjusted to eliminate the effect of the
assumed issuance of such Common Stock. If any Common Stock Equivalents by their terms
provide for subsequent increases in the additional consideration payable for or are amended to
provide for the related Common Stock or for subsequent decreases in the number of shares of
Common Stock obtainable, then, upon any such increase or decrease, the Conversion Price shall
be appropriately readjusted to the extent such Common Stock Equivalents have not then expired

A‘T3251821.2 1]
or been exercised or converted. The aggregate increase in the Conversion Price caused by all
such readjustments shal! not exceed the decrease in Conversion Price made upon the issuance of
the Common Stock Equivalents to which such readjustments relates. If any Common Stock
Equivalents by their terms provide for or are amended to provide for subsequent decreases in the
additional consideration payable for the related Common Stock or for subsequent increases in the
number of shares of Common Stock obtainable, then, upon any such decrease or increase, the
Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to the extent such Common Stock Equivalents
have not then expired or been exercised or converted.

(e) In case the Corporation shall declare a dividend or make
any other distribution upon any stock of the Corporation payable in Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents, such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents shall be deemed to have
been issued or sold without consideration as of the earlier of the related record or payment date.

(f) The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any
point in time shall include all shares then issuable or to become issuable pursuant to any
Common Stock Equivalent then issued or to be issued, but only to the extent the then effective
exercise price or conversion price of such Common Stock Equivalent is less than or equal to the
per share consideration for the shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents which
have given rise to the Conversion Price adjustment being calculated.

(g) The following issuances of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents shall not require adjustment of the Conversion Price under this Section 5.4:
(1) any dividend or distribution on the Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock or
Series B Preferred Stock; (2) any conversion of shares of Preferred Stock; (3) any stock for
which adjustment of the Conversion Price is made pursuant to Sections 5.5, 5.6, 5.7 or 5.8 of this
ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B) below; (4) securities offered by the Corporation to the public in
a Qualified Public Offering (as defined in Section 6 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B)
below); (5) securitics issued pursuant to an acquisition of another corporation by merger,
consolidation, amalgamation, exchange of shares, the purchase of assets or otherwise, which has
been approved by the Board, including the approval of at least two of the three Series B/C/D
Directors; (6) any securities issued to or to be issued to executive officers, consultants or service
providers in lieu of cash compensation, if approved in advance by the Board, including the
approval of at least two of the three Series B/C/D Directors; (7) any securities issued or securities
issuable upon the exercise or conversion of such securities to employees, consultants, directors
of the Company pursuant to stock purchase, stock option plans or other agreement approved by
the Board prior to the date hereof or approved by holders of 60% of the Series B Stock, Series C
Stock and Series D Stock, voting together as a single class, hereafter in the case of amendments
to any such plan or any new plan; (8) securities issued or securities issuable upon the exercise or
conversion of such securities pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real
property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution
approved by the Board, including the approval of at least two of the three Series B/C/D
Directors; (9) up to 500,000 shares of Common Stock issued in accordance with the terms of that
certain Amended and Restated Standard Exclusive License Agreement with the University of
Florida Research Foundation, Inc., dated February 21, 2006; (10) the Series D Stock and Series
D Warrants issued pursuant to that certain Serres D Convertible Preferred Stock and Warrant
Purchase Agreement by and among AxoGen and the Series D Investors, dated on or about

A/7325182] 2 12
January 7, 2010 (11) the conversion, exercise or exchange of Common Stock Equivalents
outstanding on the Filing Date; and (12) shares issued with respect to which the holders of not
less than sixty percent (60%) of the Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preterred Stock and
Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, waive their rights pursuant to this
Section 5 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B); provided, however, that the number of shares
set forth in subsection (6) or (9) may be increased by the Board, which shall include the approval
of two of the three Series B/C/D Directors.

5.5 Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation shall at

any time or from time to time after the Filing Date effect a subdivision of the outstanding
Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be
proportionately decreased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the
Filing Date effect a subdivision of the Preferred Stock, the Conversion Price with respect to the
Preferred Stock then in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately
increased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date combine
the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price then in effect immediately before
the combination shall be proportionately increased. If the Corporation shall at any time or from
time to time after the Filing Date combine the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the
Conversion Price with respect to the Preferred Stock then in effect immediately before the
combination shall be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this paragraph shall
become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes
effective.

5.6 Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event the

Corporation at any time, or from time to time after the Filing Date shall make or issue, or fix a
record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then and in each such event the
Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such
issuance or, in the event such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on
such record date, by multiplying the Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

5.6.1 the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the close of
business on such record date, and

5.6.2 the denominator of which shal] be the total number of shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the close of
business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of
such dividend or distribution; provided, however, if such record date shall have been fixed and
such dividend is not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor,
the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of
business on such record date and thereafter the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock shall be
adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends or
distributions; and provided further, however, that no such adjustment shall be made if the holders
of Preferred Stock simultaneously receive (i) a dividend or other distribution of shares of
Common Stock in a number equal to the number of shares of Common Stock as they would have
received if all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock on

A/73251821.2 13
the date of such event or (ii) a dividend or other distribution of securities which are convertible,
as of the date of such event, into such number of shares of Common Stock as is equal to the
number of additional shares of Common Stock being issued with respect to each share of
Common Stock in such dividend or distribution.

5.7 Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event the

Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date shall make or issue, or fix a
record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or
other distribution payable in securities of the Corporation other than shares of Common Stock,
then and in each such event provision shall be made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock
shall receive upon conversion thereof in addition to the number of shares of Common Stock
receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the Corporation that they would have received
had the Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event and had
they thereafter, during the period from the date of such event to and including the conversion
date, retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, giving
application to all adjustments called for during such period under this paragraph with respect to
the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock; and provided further, however, that no such
adjustment shall be made if the holders of Preferred Stock simultaneously receive a dividend or
other distribution of such securities in an amount equal to the amount of such securities as they
would have received if all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock had been converted into
Common Stock on the date of such event.

5.8 Adjustment_for Reclassification, Exchange, or Substitution. If the

Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the
same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by capital
reorganization, reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination or shares
or stock dividend provided for above, or a reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale of assets
provided for below), then and in each such event the holder of each such share of Preferred Stock
shall have the nght thereafter to convert such share into the kind and amount of shares of stock
and other securities and property receivable upon such reorganization, reclassification, or other
change by holders of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred
Stock might have been converted immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification, or
change, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

5.9 Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization. In case of any consolidation or

merger of the Corporation with or into another corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation to another corporation, each share of Preferred Stock shall
thereafter be convertible (or shall be converted into a security which shall be convertible) into
the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property to which a holder of the
number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon conversion of such
Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such consolidation, merger or sale; and, in such
case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board) shall be made in the
application of the provisions in this Section 5 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B) set forth
with respect to the rights and interests thereafter of the holders of the Preferred Stock, to the end
that the provisions set forth in this Section 5 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B) (including
provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the Conversion Price) shall

A/73251821.2 14

thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to any shares of stock or
other property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

5.10 No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its
Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 5 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropniate in order to protect the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 5 against impairment.

5.11 Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 5 of this ARTICLE FOURTH
Section (B), the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment or readjustment are based. The Corporation shall, upon the written
request at any time (but not more than twice in any 12-month period) of any holder of shares
representing at least 5% of the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause
to be furnished to such holder a similar certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and
readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price then in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common
Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which then would be received upon the
conversion of Preferred Stock.

5.12 Taxes. The issuance of certificates representing shares of Common Stock
upon conversion of any Preferred Stock shall be made to each applicable shareholder without
charge for any excise tax in respect of such issuance. However, if any certificate is to be issued
in a name other than that of the holder of record of the Preferred Stock, the person or persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall pay to the Corporation the amount of any tax which may be
payable in respect of any transfer involved in such issuance, or shall establish to the satisfaction
of the Corporation that such tax has been paid or is not due and payable.

6. Automatic Conversion.

6.1 All outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be automatically converted
into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Ratio (i) upon the election of the
holders of sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock voting together as a single class, or (ii) upon the
closing of a Qualified IPO ((1) or (ii) the “Afandatory Conversion Date”). For purposes hereof, a
“Qualified IPO” shall mean an underwritten public offering of the Common Stock at a price per
share of not less than four (4) times the Series D Original Issue Price (as adjusted for stock splits,
recapitalizations, combinations, stock dividends, and other similar events) pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities
Act’), which generates gross proceeds to the Company of at least $30 million and implies a post-
offering value of the Company’s issued and outstanding capital stock of at least $180 million.

AC73251821.2 15
6.2 Upon the occurrence of any event specified in Section 6.1 above, the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action
by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are
surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent; provided, however, that the Corporation
shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either
delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the
Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and
executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any
loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic
conversion of the Preferred Stock, the holders of such Preferred Stock shall surrender the
certificates representing such shares at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such holder promptly at such
office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of such Preferred
Stock surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred.

6.3 All certificates evidencing shares of Preferred Stock which are required to
be surrendered for conversion in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6 of this
ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B) shall, from and after the Mandatory Conversion Date, be
deemed to have been retired and cancelled and the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby
converted into Common Stock for all purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or
holders thereof to surrender such certificates on or prior to such date. The Corporation may
thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be
necessary to reduce the authorized Preferred Stock accordingly.

7. Voting.
vil Voting Rights.

7.1.1 Preferred Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein or as
required by law, each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes
equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which all shares of Preferred Stock
held by such holder are then convertible in accordance with Sections 5 and 6 of this ARTICLE
FOURTH Section (B) and with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the
Corporation for their action or consideration. Except as otherwise provided herein or as required
by law, holders of Preferred Stock shal] vote together with the holders of the Common Stock as a
single class on all actions to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation.

7.1.2 Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided herein or as
required by law, each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters and shall
be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock standing in such holder’s name on the
books of the Corporation.

7.1.3. Number of Shares. Subject to any other vote or approval required
by this Certificate of Incorporation, the number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be
increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the

A/73251821.2 16
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of capital stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL.

7.1.4 Record Date. The number of shares of Preferred Stock or
Common Stock are, as the case may be, entitled to vote on any matter shall be determined in
each case as of the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote on such
matter or, if no such record date is established, at the date such vote is taken or any written
consent of stockholders is solicited.

7.2 Election of Directors.

7.2.1 Series D Preferred Stock. The holders of a majority of the Series
D Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, shall have the right to elect one (1) director
to the Board (the “Series D Director’). :

7.2.2 Series B and C Preferred Stock. The holders of a majority of the
Series B and C Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, shall have the right to elect two
(2) directors to the Board (the “Series B/C Directors”, and together with the Series D Director,
the “Series B/C/D Directors’’).

7.2.3. Common Stock. The holders of a majority of the outstanding
Common Stock shall have the right to elect two (2) directors to the Board, one of whom shall be
the chief executive officer of the Corporation then in office.

7.2.4 Preferred Stock and Common Stock. The holders of a majority of
the outstanding Common Stock and Preferred Stock (based upon an assumed conversion of the
outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, the outstanding Series B Stock, the outstanding Series C
Stock, and the outstanding Series D Stock into Common Stock), voting together as a single class,
shall have the right to elect two (2) directors to the Board, each of whom shall be acceptable to
the other directors then in office. —

7.3 Protective Provisions. In addition to the voting rights set forth in Section
7.1 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B) and any vote which any series of capital stock may
have under the DGCL, so long as 25% of the issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock as a preferred class remains outstanding, the
affirmative vote of the holders of 60% of such Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock
and Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class shall be necessary for the approval
of certain corporate actions, including, but not limited to, the following:

7.3.1 Redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire for value (or pay into or set
aside for a sinking fund for such purposes) any shares of Preferred Stock other than in
accordance with Section 4 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B) hereof or that certain Third
Amended and Restated Shareholders and Registration Rights Agreement dated January 7, 2010
(the “Shareholders Agreement’);

7.3.2 Other than in accordance with the Shareholders Agreement,
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a sinking fund for such
purposes) any capital stock of the Corporation; provided, however, that this restriction shall not

A/73251821.2 17
apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors,
consultants or other persons performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant
to agreements under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at cost or at
the then fair market value of such shares upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the
termination of employment, as determined in good faith by the Board; provided that the total
amount applied to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock does not exceed $25,000 during
any twelve (12) month period;

7.3.3 Authorize, designate, create, or issue securities senior to, or on a
parity with, the Series D Preferred Stock, or increase or decrease the authorized capital stock of
the Corporation;

7.3.4 Pay dividends on or make other distributions with respect to any
securities, other than the Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Stock;

7.3.5 Recapitalize or reclassify issued and outstanding capital stock of
the Corporation, whether by merger, consolidation, recapitalization or otherwise.

7.3.6 Authorize any Liquidation Event;

7.3.7 Authorize or permit a subsidiary of the Corporation to sell
securities to any person or entity other than the Corporation;

7.3.8 Authorize any amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation or
By-Laws, or take any other action by merger, consolidation, recapitalization or otherwise, that
would adversely affect the rights of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred
Stock or Series D Preferred Stock;

7.3.9 Change the number of directors that may constitute the Board from
seven, or such other number of directors as is subsequently approved in accordance with the
provisions of Section 7.2 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B);

7.3.10 Make any purchase, lease or acquisition of all or substantially all
of the stock or assets of any other legal entity;

7.3.11 Enter into any strategic alliance, technology licensing arrangement
or other corporate partnering relationship involving the issuance by the Corporation of capital
stock;

7.3.12 Create any new stock purchase or stock option plan;

7.3.13 Increase the number of securitics issued or securities issuable upon
the exercise or conversion of such securities to employees, consultants and directors of the
Company pursuant to stock purchase, stock option plans or other agreement approved by the
Board (other than to reflect adjustments in the event of any stock dividend, stock split,
combination or similar recapitalization);

A/73251821.2 18
7.3.14 Incur any debt for borrowed money, except for bank loans, loans
from institutional or other third party lenders, equipment leases and similar agreements in the
ordinary and usual course of business not exceeding $100,000 in the aggregate;

7.3.15 Make or cause to be made the filing of any registration statement
by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended; or

7.3.16 Amend, alter or repeal any of the foregoing provisions of this
Section 7 of this ARTICLE FOURTH Section (B).

ARTICLE FIFTH

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

ARTICLE SIXTH

Subject to the provisions of ARTICLE FOURTH above and in furtherance and not in limitation
of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware:

A. The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to
adopt, amend or repeal the By-Laws of the Corporation.

B. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the By-Laws of
the Corporation shall so provide.

Cc. The books of the Corporation may be kept at such place within or without
the State of Delaware as the By-Laws of the Corporation may provide or as may be designated
from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

ARTICLE SEVENTH

A. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a director of the
Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If any applicable law is amended to authorize
corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the
liability of a director of the Corporation shal] be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by such law, as so amended.

B. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is also
authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) such directors and
officers (and any other persons to which Delaware or other applicable state law permits the
Corporation to provide indemnification) through By-law provisions, agreements with such
agents or other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of
the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by Delaware or other applicable state
law, subject only to limits created by applicable Delaware or other state law (statutory or non-
Statutory), with respect to actions for breach of duty to a corporation, its stockholders, and others.

AST3251R21.2 19

Cc. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this ARTICLE
SEVENTH shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the
Corporation, or other person indemnified by the Corporation, with respect to any acts or
omissions of such director, officer or other person existing at the time of such repeal or
modification.

ARTICLE EIGHTH

Subject to the provisions of ARTICLE FOURTH above, the Corporation reserves the right to
amend or repeal any provision contained in this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and al] nghts conferred upon
a stockholder herein are granted subject to this reservation.

ARTICLE NINTH

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this Corporation and its creditors
or any class of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or any class of them,
any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a
summary way of this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application
of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of
the DGCL or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers
appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of the DGCL, order a meeting
of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or the stockholders or class of stockholders of this
Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs. If a
majority in number representing three-fourths (3/4) in value of the creditors or class of creditors,
and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, agree
to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of this Corporation as consequence
of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said
reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the said application has been made, be
binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on al) the stockholders at class of
stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may be, and also on this Corporation.

{REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

4732518212 20
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being an authorized officer of the
Corporation has executed signed and acknowledged this Certificate of Incorporation this "Vth day
of January, 2010.

; SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
73251821.2
