State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 03:24 PM HM 06/19/2006
FILED 03:24 PM 06/19/2006
SRV 060588319 - 3663894 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
AZAIRE NETWORKS INC.

William Howe and David Bartictt hereby certify that they are the duly elected and acting
President and Secretary, respectively, of Azaire Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation, and further
certify as follows:

ONE: The name of the corporation is Azaire Networks Inc., and the original Certificate of
Incorporation of the corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on Junc 2,
2003.

TWO: The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation is hereby amended and
restated to read as follows: :

I.

The name of the corporation is AZAIRE NETWORKS INC. (the “Corporation” or the
“Company”).

I.

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 160
Greentree Drive, Suite 101, in the City of Dover, County of Kent, State of Delaware 19901, and the
name of the registered agent of the Corporation at that address is National Registered Agents, Inc.

Il.

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

IV.

A. _ This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively,
“Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the Corporation is authorized
to issue is 178,900,000 shares. Of these shares, 98,500,000 shares shall be Common Stock, $0.0001 par
value per share, and 80,400,000 shall be Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

B. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, the number of authorized sharcs of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but
not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the stock of the Corporation (voting together on an as-if-converted basis).

C. Of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock, 4,000,000 shares are hereby designated “Series

A Preferred Stock” (the “Serfes A Preferred’), 19,100,000 shares are hereby designated “Series B
Preferred Stock” (the “Series B Preferred”) and 57,300,000 shares are hereby designated “Series C

WO3 154320007/1278409/v13 ; -l-
Convertible Preferred Stock” (the “Series C Preferred” and, together with the Series A Preferred and the
Series B Preferred, the “Series Preferred’),

D. ‘The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the Series
Preferred are as follows:

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS,

a. Series C Preferred. From the date that the first share of Series C Preferred is
issued (the “Original Issue Date”) and for a period of two years thereafter (the “Series C In-Kind
Dividend Period’), holders of Series C Preferred, in preference to the holders of Series B Preferred,
Series A Preferred or Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive in-kind dividends of Scrics C Preferred,
which shall accrue from day-to-day at the rate of 8% per annum on each outstanding share of Series C
Preferred, resulting in the annual accrual of 0.08 shares of Series C Preferred for each share of Series C
Preferred outstanding on each anniversary of the Original Issue Date (and such that, upon expiration of
the Series C In-Kind Dividend Period, the holders of Series C Preferred shall be entitled to receive a total
of 0.1664 shares of Series C Preferred for each share of Series C Preferred held as of the Original Issue
Date). Such in-kind dividends shall be paid promptly following each 12-month anniversary of the
Original Issue Date during the Series C In-Kind Dividend Period, whether or not declared by the Board.
Following the Series C In-Kind Dividend Period, holders of Scrics C Preferred, in preference to the
holders of Series B Preferred, Series A Preferred or Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when and
as declared by the Board of Directors, but only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash
dividends at the rate of 8% of the Series C Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each
outstanding share of Series C Preferred, Appropriately Adjusted. The “Series C Original Issue Price”
shall be $0.5436 per share. Such cash dividends shall accrue from day-to-day on each share of Series C
Preferred from the end of the Series C In-Kind Dividend Period, whether or not earned or declared, but
shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors or as otherwise set forth herein.
All such dividends referenced in this Scction 1{a) shall be cumulative, so that, if dividends in respect or
any previous annual dividend period shall not have been paid, the deficiency shall be fully paid before
any dividend or other distribution shall be paid on or declared and set apart for the Series B Preferred,
Series A Preferred or Common Stock. Unpaid cash dividends on the Series C Preferred shall compound
annually on each 12-month anniversary of the Original Issue Date at a rate of 8% per annum.

As used herein, whenever per share data is to be “Appropriately Adjusted”, such per share
data shall be adjusted for any stock dividends (other than payment-in-kind dividends made on shares of
Series C Preferred during the Scries C In-Kind Dividend Period), combinations, splits, recapitalizations
and the like with respect to such shares occurring after the Original Issue Date.

b. Series B Preferred. Following any payment of dividends to the holders of the
Series C Preferred under Section 1(a) above, holders of Series B Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Series A Preferred or Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of
Directors, but only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of 8% of the
Series B Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Series B
Preferred, Appropriately Adjusted. The “Series B Original Issue Price” shall be $0.50 per share. Such
dividends shall accrue from day to day on each share of Series B Preferred from the date that the first
share of Series B Preferred is issued; provided, however that on and after the Original Issue Date,
dividends on the Series B Preferred shall cease to accrue and shall be payable only when, as and if
declared by the Board of Directors and shall be non-cumulative; provided further, that as of the Original
Issue Date, the Series B Preferred shall be deemed to have earned an accrued dividend of $0.0704 per
share.

WO03 154320007/1278409/v13 -2-
Cc Series A Preferred. Following any payment of dividends to the holders of the
Series C Preferred and the Series B Preferred under Sections 1(a) and 1(b) above, holders of Series A
Preferred, in preference to the holders of Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when and as
declared by the Board of Directors, but only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash
dividends at the rate of 8% of the Series A Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each
outstanding share of Series A Preferred, Appropriately Adjusted. The “Series 4 Original Issue Price”
shall be $0.50 per share. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors and shall be non-cumulative.

d. —_ So long as any shares of Series Preferred shall be outstanding, no dividend,
whether in cash or property, shall be paid or declared, nor shall any other distribution be made, on any
shares of Common Stock, nor shall any shares of any shares of Common Stock of the Company be
purchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for value by the Company (except for acquisitions of
Common Stock by the Company pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such
shares upon termination of services to the Company or in exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal
upon a proposed transfcr) until all dividends (set forth in Sections 1{a), 1(b) and 1(c) above) on the Series
Preferred shall have been paid or declared and set apart. In the event dividends are paid on any share of
Common Stock, an additional dividend shall be paid with respect to all outstanding shares of Series
Preferred in an amount per share (on an as-if-converted basis) equal to the amount paid or set aside for
each share of Common Stock. The provisions of this Section |(d) shall not, however, apply to (i) a
dividend payable in Common Stock or (ii) any repurchase of any outstanding securities of the Company
that is unanimously approved by the Company's Board of Directors.

2. YOTING RIGHTS.

a. General Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein or as required by law,
the Series Preferred shall be voted equally with the shares of the Common Stock of the Company and not
as separate classes, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company, and may act by
written consent in the same manner as the Common Stock, in either case upon the following basis: each
holder of shares of Series Preferred shall be entitled to such number of votes as shall be equal to the
whole number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder’s aggregate number of shares of Series
Preferred are convertible (pursuant to Section 4 hereof) immediately after the close of business on the
record date fixed for such meeting or the effective date of such written consent.

b. Separate Vote of Series C Preferred. In addition to any other vote or consent
requircd hercin or by law, the vote or written consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding Series C Preferred shall be necessary for effecting or validating the following actions:

(i) Any amendnient, alteration or repeal of any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company, including any filing of a Certificate of Designation
(whether by means of a merger, consolidation, recapitalization or otherwise), that waives, alters or
changes the voting powers, preferences, or other special rights or privileges or restrictions of the Series C
Preferred in a manner different from other scrics of Preferred Stock;

Gi) Any authorization or any designation, whether by reclassification or —
otherwise, of any new class or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity securities of
the Company ranking on a parity with or senior to the Series C Preferred in right of redemption,
liquidation preference, voting or dividends or any increase in the authorized or designated number of any
such new class or series;

WO03 154320007/1278409/v13 -3-
(iii) Any agreement by the Company or its stockholders regarding an Asset
Transfer or Acquisition (each as defined in Scction 3( e)); or

(iv) Any voluntary dissolution or liquidation of the Company.

c. Separate Vote of Series Preferred. In addition to any other vote or consent
required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding Series Preferred, voting together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be
necessary for effecting or validating the following actions:

(i) Any redemption, repurchase, payment of dividends or other
distributions with respect to the Series Preferred or Common Stock (except for: (A) dividends on
Common Stock payable solely in shares of Common Stock; (B) acquisitions of Common Stock by the
Company pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares upon termination
of services to the Company or in exercise of the Company’s right of first refusal upon a proposed
transfer; (C) dividends on the Series Preferred in accordance with Section IV(D)(1); or (D) a redemption
of any series of the Series Preferred in accordance with Section IV(D)(5) of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation),

(ii) Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money having a principal amount
greater than the lesser of (A) $4,000,000; or (B) 30% of the sum of the Company’s cash and cash
equivalents as reflected on the Company’s balance sheet dated as of no more than 30 days prior to
incurring such indebtedness;

(iii) Any material change in the principal business of the Company from the
development, marketing and sale of fixed mobile convergence related products; or

(iv) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of members of the
Company’s Board of Directors (unless unanimously approved by the Board of Directors).

d. _—_ Election of Board of Directors.

(i) Series C Director. For so long as any shares of Series C Preferred
remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split or similar event affecting
the Series Preferred), the holders of a majority of the Scrics C Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to clect one member of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Series C Director”) at each
meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of
such director.

(ii) Series B Directors. For so long as at least 9,460,000 shares of Series
B Preferred remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split or similar
event affecting the Series Preferred), the holders of a majority of the Series B Preferred, voting as a
separate class, shall be entitled to elect two members of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Series B
Directors”) at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election
of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation,
death or removal of such directors.

(iii) Series A Director. For so long as at least 2,000,000 shares of Series A

Preferred remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split or similar
event affecting the Series Preferred), the holders of a majority of the Series A Preferred, voting as a

W03 154320007/1278409/v13 -4-
separate class, shall be entitled to elect one member of the Company’s Board of Directors at each
meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to
remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of
such director.

(iv) Common Directors. ‘The holders of a majority of the Common Stock,
voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two members of the Company’s Board of Directors at
each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and
to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal
of such directors.

(v) Series Preferred Directors. The holders of a majority of the Series
Preferred, voting together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all
remaining members of the Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill
any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors; provided, however that any
such director shall neither be an employee of the Company nor be affiliated with any investor of the
Company holding more than 1,000,000 shares of the capital stock of the Company (subject to adjustment
for any stock split, reverse stock split or similar cvent affecting the Series Preferred).

(vi) No person entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate
votes to which such person is entitled, unless, at the time of such election, the Corporation is subject to
Section 2115 of the California General Corporation Law (“CG@CL"), During such time or times that the
Corporation is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, every stockholder entitled to vote at an election
for directors may cumulate such stockholder's votes and give one candidate a number of votes equal to
the number of directors to be elected multiplied by the number of votes to which such stockholder’s
shares are otherwise entitled, or distribute the stockholder’s votes on the same principle among as many
candidates as such stockholder desires. No stockholder, however, shall be entitled to so cumulate such
stockholder’s votes unless (i) the names of such candidate or candidates have been placed in nomination
prior to the voting and (ii) the stockholder has given notice at the meeting, prior to the voting, of such
stockholder’s intention to cumulate such stockholder’s votes. If any stockholder has given proper notice
to cumulate votes, all stockholders may cumulate their votes for any candidates who have been properly
placed in nomination. Under cumulative voting, the candidates receiving the highest number of votes, up
to the number of directors to be elected, are elected.

e. Removal.

(i) During such time or times that the Corporation is subject to Section
2115(b) of the CGCL, the Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed from office at
any time without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote on such removal; provided, however that unless the entire Board of Directors is
removed, no individual director may be removed when the votes cast against such director’s removal, or
not consenting in writing, to such removal, would be sufficient to elect that director if voted cumulatively
at an election which the same total number of votes were cast (or, if such action is taken by written
consent, all shares entitled to vote wcrc voted) and the entire number of directors authorized at the time.
of such director’s most recent election were then being elected.

(ii) At any time or times that the Corporation is not subject to Section
2115(b) of the CGCL and subject to any limitations imposed by law, Section e(i) above shall not apply
and the Board of Directors or any director may be removed from office at any time (a) with causc by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of voting

WO03 154320007/1278409/v13 -5-
stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on such removal; or (b) without cause by the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the
Corporation, entitled to vote on such removal.

3. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

a, __ Series C Preferred. Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any distribution or payment shall be made to the
holders of any shares of Series B Preferred, Series A Preferred or Common Stock, the holders of Series C
Preferred shail be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company an amount per share of Series C
Preferred equal to the Series C Original Issue Price, Appropriately Adjusted, plus all accrued or declared
and unpaid dividends on the Serics C Preferred, for each share of Series C Preferred held by them. If,
upon any such liquidation, distribution, or winding up, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to
make payment in full to all holders of Series C Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this
Section 3(a), then such assets shall be distributed among the holders of Series C Preferred at the time
outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively
entitled.

b. Series B Preferred. After payment of the full liquidation preference of the
Series C Preferred set forth in Section 3(a) above, and before any distribution or payment shall be made to
the holders of any shares of Series A Preferred or Common Stock, the holders of Series B Preferred shall
be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company an amount per share of Series B Preferred equal to
the Serics B Original Issue Price plus all accrued or declared and unpaid dividends on the Series B
Preferred, Appropriately Adjusted, for each share of Series B Preferred held by them. If, upon any such
liquidation, distribution, or winding up, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to make payment
in full to all holders of Series B Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(b), then
such assets shall be distributed among the holders of Series B Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in
proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled.

ce. Series A Preferred. After payment of the full liquidation preference of the
Series C Preferred and the Series B Preferred set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) above, and before any
distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any shares of Common Stock, the holders of
Series A Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company an amount per share of
Series A Preferred equal to the Series A Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on the
Series A Preferred, Appropriately Adjusted, for each share of Series A Preferred held by them. If, upon
any such liquidation, distribution, or winding up, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to make
payment in full to all holders of Series A Preferred of the liquidation preference set forth in this Section
3(c), then such assets shall be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred at the time outstanding,
ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled.

d. ‘Series Preferred and Common Stock. After the payment of the full
liquidation preference of the Series Preferred as set forth in Sections 3(a), 3(b) and 3(c) above, the
remaining assets of the Company legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably to
the holders of the Common Stock and Series Preferred on an as-if-converted basis.

@. Deemed Liquidation. Unless the holders of more than two-thirds of the

outstanding Series Preferred have otherwise consented in writing, the following events shall be
considered a liquidation under this Section:

WO3 154320007/1278409/v13 -6-
(i) any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other
corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization, in which the stockholders of
the Company immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, own less than a majority
of the Company’s voting power immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization, or any
transaction or series of related transactions to which the Company is a party in which in excess of 50% of
the Company’s voting power is transferred, excluding: (A) any consolidation or merger effected
exclusively to change the domicile of the Company; or (B) any equity financing effected primarily for
the purpose of raising capital (an “Acquisition”), or

(ii) a-salc, lcase, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company, including, without limitation, the exclusive license of all or substantially
all of the Company’s intellectual property (an “Asset Transfer”).

(iii) In any of such events, if the consideration received by the Company is
other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability covered by (B) below:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or through the
Nasdaq National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such quotation system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing;

(2) Ifactively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty (30)
day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value shall be
the fair market value thereof, as determined by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in (A) (1), (2) or (3) to reflect the approximate fair market value
thereof, as determined by the Board of Directors.

4. CONVERSION RIGHTS.

The holders of the Series Preferred shall have the following rights with respect to the
conversion of the Series Preterred into shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion Rights”):

a. Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the provisions of this
Section 4, any shares of Series Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be converted at any time into
fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock to ,
which a holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled upon conversion shall be the product obtained by
multiplying the appropriate conversion rate then in effect (determined as provided in Section 4(b)) by the
number of shares of Series Preferred being converted. Subject to paragraph 4(!) hereof, upon any
conversion of shares of Series Preferred, any accrued dividends shall be forfeited.

WO03 154320007/1278409/v13 -7-
b. Series Preferred Conversion Rates. The conversion rates in effect at any
time for conversion of the Series Preferred shall be: (3) with respect to the Series C Preferred, the quotient
obtained by dividing the Series C Original Issue Price plus any accrued or declared and unpaid cash
dividends, by the “Series C Preferred Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 4(c), (the
“Series C Preferred Conversion Rate”); (ii) with respect to the Series B Preferred, the quotient obtained
by dividing the Series B Original Issue Price plus any accrued or declared but unpaid cash dividends, by
the “Series B Preferred Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 4(c), (the “Series B
Preferred Conversion Rate”); and (iii) with respect to the Series A Preferred, the quotient obtained by
dividing the Series A Original Issue Price plus any declared but unpaid cush dividends, by the “Series A
Preferred Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 4(c), (the “Series A Preferred
Conversion Rate”). Otherwise unqualified references to the “Series Preferred Conversion Rate” shall
mean the respective conversion rates of the Serics C Preferred, Series B Preferred or Series A Preferred,
as required by context. For the avoidance of doubt, the payment of in-kind dividends on the Series C
Preferred during the Series C In-Kind Dividend Period shall not result in any adjustment to the Series A
Preferred Conversion Rate, the Series B Conversion Rate or the Series C Conversion Rate.

c Series Preferred Conversion Prices. As of the date hereof, the conversion
prices for the Series Preferred shall initially be: (i) with respect to the Series C Preferred, the Series C
Original Price (the “Series C Preferred Conversion Price’); (ii) with respect to the Series B Preferred,
the Series B Original Issue Price (the “Series B Preferred Conversion Price’), and (iii) with respect to
the Series A Preferred, the Series A Original Issue Price (the “Series A Preferred Conversion Price”).
Where applicable below, the term “Series Preferred Conversion Price” shall mean the Series C Preferred
Conversion Price, the Series B Preferred Conversion Price or the Series A Preferred Conversion Price, as
required by context. The Series Preferred Conversion Prices shall be adjusted from time to time in
accordance with this Section 4. All references to the Series Preferred Conversion Prices herein shall
mean the Series Preferred Conversion Prices as so adjusted.

d. Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series Preferred who desires to
convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4 shall surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of tlhe Company or any transfer agent for the Series
Preferred, and shal! give written notice to the Company at such office that such holder elects to convert
the same. Such notice shall state the number of sharcs of Series Preferred being converted. Thereupon,
the Company shall promptly issue and deliver at such office to such holder a certificate or certificates for
the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled and (i) if shares of Series
Preferred are being converted pursuant to an initial public offering pursuant to Section 4(1), shall promptly
pay in cash or, to the extent sufficient funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at
the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board of Directors as of the date of such
conversion), any accrued or declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Series Preferred being
converted and (ii) shall promptly pay in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the
Bourd of Directors as-of the date of conversion) the valuc of any fractional share of Common Stock
otherwise issuable to any holder of Series Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
at the close of business on the date of such surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Series
Preferred to be converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shail be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock o
such date. .

e. Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Company shall at any
time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date effect a subdivision of the outstanding Common
Stock without a corresponding subdivision of the Preferred Stock, the Series Preferred Conversion Prices
in effect immediately beforc that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased. Conversely, if the

WO3 154320007/1278409/v13 -8-
Company shall at any time or from time to time afler the Original Issue Date combine the outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares without a corresponding combination of the
Preferred Stock, the Series Preferred Conversion Prices in effect immediately before the combination
shall be proportionately increased. Any adjustment under this Section 4(e) shall become effective at the
close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

f. | Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions. If the
Company at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date makes, or fixes a record date for
the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution
payable in additional shares of Common Stock, in each such event the Series Preferred Conversion Prices
that are then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such record date is
fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying cach Series Preferred Conversion
Price then in effect by a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the total number of shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the close of business on
such record date, and (ii) the denominator of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the close of business on such record
date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution;
provided, however that if such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully paid or if such
distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Series Preferred Conversion Prices shall be
recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Series Preferred
Conversion Prices shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section 4(f) to reflect the actual payment of such
dividend or distribution. .

g- Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. If at any time
or from time to time after the Original Issue Date, the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the
Series Preferred is changed into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stack,
whether by recapitalization, reclassification or otherwise (other than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer as
defined in Section 3(c) or a subdivision or combination of shares or stock dividend or a reorganization,
merger, consolidation or sale of assets provided for elsewhere in this Section 4), in any such event each
holder of Series Preferred shall have the right thereafter to convert such stock into the kind and amount of
stock and other securities and property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification or other
change by holders of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series
Preferred could have been converted immediately prior to such recapitalization, reclassification or
change, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or
property by the terms thereof.

h. _Reorganizations, Mergers, Consolidations or Sales of Assets. If at any time
or from time to time after the Original Issue Date, there is a capital reorganization of the Common Stock
(other than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer as defined in Section 3(c) or a recapitalization, subdivision,
combination, reclassification, exchange or substitution of shares provided for elsewhere in this Section 4),
as a part of such capital reorganization, provision shall be made so that the holders of the Series Preferred
shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series Preferred the number of shares of
stock or other securities or property of the Company to which a holder of the number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled an such capital reorganization,
subject to adjustment in respect of such stock or securities by the terms thereof. In any such case,
appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to
the rights of the holders of Series Preferred after the capital reorganization to the end that the provisions
of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Series Preferred Conversion Prices then in cffcct and the
number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Series Preferred) shall be applicable after that event and
be as neorly equivalent as practicable.

WO3 154320007/1278409/v13 -9-
L Sale of Shares Below Series Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) Series Preferred Conversion Price. If at any time or from time to
time after the Original Issue Date, the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of
this subsection to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined in subsection (iv)
below), other than as a dividend or other distribution on any class of stock as provided in Section 4(f)
above, and other than a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock as provided in Section
4(e) above, for an Effective Price (as defined in subsection (iv) below) less than the then effective Series
C Preferred Conversion Price, Series B Preferred Conversion Price or Series A Preferred Conversion
Price, as applicable (a “Dilutive Issuance”), then and in cach such casc the applicable Series Preferred
Conversion Price shall be reduced, as of the opening of business on the date following such issue or sale,
to a price determined by multiplying such Series Preferred Conversion Price by a fraction, (i) the
numerator of which shall be: (A) the number of shares of Common Stock “deemed outstanding” (as
defined below) immediately prior to such issue or sale (and without giving effect to the adjustments
contemplated in this paragraph); plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate
consideration received (as defined in subsection (it)) by the Company for the total number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such Series Preferred Conversion Price, and (ii)
the denominator of which shall be: (C) the number of shares of Common Stock deemcd outstanding (as
defined below) immediately prior to such issue or sale (and without giving effect to the adjustments
contemplated in this paragraph); plus (D) the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so
issued. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed ta
be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of: (X) the number of shares of Common Stack
actually outstanding; (Y) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the then outstanding shares
of Series Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day immediately preceding the given date
(without giving effect to the adjustments contemplated in this paragraph); and (Z) the number of shares
of Common Stock which could be obtained through the exercise or conversion of al! other rights,
options, warrants and convertible securities outstanding on the day immediatcly preceding the given date
(without giving cffect to the adjustments contemplated in this paragraph).

(ii) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under this Section
Ai), the consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of securities shall (A) to the extent
it consists of cash, be computed at the net amount of cash received by the Company after deduction of
any underwriting or similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the Company
in connection with such issue or sale but without deduction of any expenses payable by the Company,
(B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, bc computed at the fair value of that property as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock,
Convertible Securities (as defined in subsection (iii)) or rights or options to purchase either Additional
Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together with other stock or
securities or other assets of the Company for a consideration which covers both, be computed as the
portion of the consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors to be allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or
options.

(iii) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this Section 4(i), if the
Company issues or sells (A) stock or other securities convertible into, Additional Shares of Common
Stock (such convertible stock or securities being herein referred to as “Convertible Securities”) or (B)
rights or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and if
the Effective Price of such Additional Shares of Common Stock is less than the applicable Series
Preferred Conversion Price, in each case the Company shall be deemed to have issued at the time of the
issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number of Additional Shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion thereof and to have received as consideration for

WO3 154320007/1278409/v13 -10-
the issuance of such shares an amount equal to the total amount of the consideration, if any, received by
the Company for the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities, plus, in the case of such
rights or options, the minimum amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the
exercise of such rights or options, plus, in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum amounts of
consideration, if any, payable to the Company (other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations
evidenced by such Convertible Securities) upon the conversion thereof; provided, however that if in the
case of Convertible Securities the minimum amounts of such consideration cannot be ascertained, but are
a function of antidilution or similar protective clauses, the Company shall be deemed to have received the
minimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses; provided, further that if the
minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion of rights,
options or Convertible Securities is reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of
specified events other than by reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective Price shall be recalculated
using the figure to which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced; provided, further that if the
minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion of such
rights, options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price shall be again
recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payabic to the Company upon the
exercise or conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities. No further adjustment of the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price, as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or
Convertible Securities, shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common
Stock on the exercise of any such rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible Securities.
If any such rights or options or the conversion privilege represented by any such Convertible Securities
shall expire without having been exercised, the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price as adjusted
upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities shall be readjusted to the Series
Preferred Conversion Price which would have been in effect had an adjustment been made on thc basis
that the only Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued werc the Additional Shares of Common
Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise of such rights or options or rights of conversion of
such Convertible Securities, and such Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold
for the consideration actually received by the Company upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if
any, actually received by the Company for the granting of all such rights or options, whether or not
exercised, plus the consideration received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually
converted, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Company (other than by cancellation of
liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such Convertible
Securities, provided, however that such readjustment shall not apply to prior conversions of Series
Preferred.

(iv) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all shares of
Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to this Section 4(i), whether or
not subsequently reacquired or retired by the Company other than (A) shares of Common Stock issued
upon conversion of the Series Preferred (including shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to be
issued in connection with the payment of in-kind dividends on the Series C Preferred during the Scrics C
In-Kind Dividend Period); (B) shares of Common Stock and/or options, warrants or other Common
_ Stock purchase rights, and the Common Stock issued pursuant to such options, warrants or other rights
after the Original Issue Date to employees or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the Company or
any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other arrangements that are approved
by the Board of Directors; (C) shares of Common. Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of options,
warrants or convertible securities outstanding as of the Original Issue Date; (D) shares of Common. Stock
and/or options, warrants or other Common Stock purchase rights, and the Common Stock issued pursuant
io such options, warrants or other rights issued for considcration other than cash pursuant to a merger,
consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination approved by the Board of Directors; (E) shares
of Common Stock issued pursuant to any equipment or facilities leasing arrangement, third-party
consultant or vendor incentive arrangement, or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution

W03 154320007/1278409/v13 -l1-
approved by the Board of Directors; and (F) shares of Common Stock issued in conncction with strategic
transactions involving the Company and other entities entered into for non-equity financing purposes,
including (i) joint ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution arrangements; (ii) technology
transfer or development arrangements or (iii) bona fide acquisitions; provided, however that such
strategic transactions and the issuance of shares therein, have been approved by the Board of Directors.
References to Common Stack in the subsections of this clause (iv) shall mean ail shares of Common
Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to this Section 4(i). The “Effective Price”
of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the quotient determined by dividing the total number
of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold, or deemed to have been issucd or sold by the
Company under this Section 4(i), into the aggregate consideration received, or deemed to have been
received by the Company for such issue under this Section 4(i), for such Additional Shares of Common
Stock.

j. Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or readjustment of
the Series Preferred Conversion Prices for the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities
issuable upon conversion of the Series Preferred, if the Series Preferred is then convertible pursuant to
this Section 4, the Company, at its expense, shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance
with the provisions hereof and prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and shall
mail such certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of Scrics Preferred at
the holder’s address as shown in the Company’s books. The certificate shall set forth such adjustment or
readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, including
a statement of (i) the consideration received or deemed to be received by the Company for any Additional
Shares of Common Stock issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold, {ii) the Series Preferred
Conversion Price at the time in effect, (iii) the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock and (iv)
the type and amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the
Series Preferred.

k. Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of a record of
the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thercof who are entitled to
receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) any Acquisition (as defined in Section 3(c)) or other
capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock of the
Company, any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation, or any Asset
Transfer (as defined in Section 3(c)), or any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the Company, the Company shall mail to each holder of Series Preferred at least ten (10) days prior
to the record date specified therein (or such shorter period approved by a majority of the outstanding
Series Preferred) a notice specifying (A) the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose
of such dividend or distribution and a description of such dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which
any such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer,
dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to
be fixed as to when the holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for securities or other property deliverable
upon such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer,
dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

]. Automatic Conversion.
(i) Series C Preferred. Each share of Series C Preferred shall
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective Series C Preferred

Conversion Price: (A) at any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred, subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 1.6(b) of that

W03 154320007/1278409/v13 -]2-
certain Amended and Restated Voting Agrccment by and among the Company and the stockholder of the
Company named therein, dated as of June __, 2006; or (B) immediately upon the closing of a firmly
underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the Company in
which (i) the per share price is at least three times the Series C Original Issue Price, Appropriately
Adjusted, and (ii) the gross cash proceeds to the Company (before underwriting discounts, commissions
and fees) are at least $35,000,000. Upon any such automatic conversion in accordance with clause (B)
above, any accrued or declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of
Section 4(d).

(ii) Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred. Each share of Series A
Preferred and Series B Preferred shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock, based
on the then-effective Series Preferred Conversion Price: (A) at any time upon the affirmative election of
the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred and Series B
Preferred, voting together us a single class on an as-if-converted basis; or (B) immediately upon the
closing of a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the
Company in which (i) the per share price is at least three times the Series C Original Issue Price,
Appropriately Adjusted, and (ii) the gross cash proceeds to the Company (before underwriting discounts,
commissions and fees) are at least $35,000,000. Upon any such automatic conversion in accordance with
clause (B) above, any accrued or declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the
provisions of Section 4(d).

(iii) Upon the occurrence of cither of the events specified in Sections
4(1)(i)and 4(1)(ii) above, the outstanding shares of Series Preferred shall be converted automatically
without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing
such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however that the Company
shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Series Preferred are either delivered to the
Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent
that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates.
Upon the occurrence of such automatic conversion of the Series Preferred, the holders of Series Preferred
shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company or any transfer agent
for the Series Preferred. Thereupon, there shall be issued and delivered to such holder promptly at such
office and in its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or certificates
for the nutmber of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series Preferred surrendered were
convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any accrued or declared and
unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 4(d).

Im. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of Series Preferred. All sharcs of Common Stock (including fractions thereof) issuable
upon conversion of more than one share of Series Preferred by a holder thereof shall be aggregated for
purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If,
after the aforementioned aggregation, the conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share,
the Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction
multiplied by the Common Stock’s fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors) on the
date of conversion.

n. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. Thc Company shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for

WO03 154320007/1278409/v13 -13-
the purpose of effecting the conversion of the sharcs of the Scrics Preferred, such number of its shares of
Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares

- of the Series Preferred. If at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series Preferred, the
Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such
purpose.

0. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 shall be in
writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii)
when scnt by confirmed facsimile if sent during norma! business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the
next business day, (iii) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed
to each holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

p. Payment of Taxes, The Company will pay all taxes (other than taxes based
upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to the issue or delivery
of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series Preferred, excluding any tax or other
charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common
Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series Preferred so converted were registered.

5. REDEMPTION.

a. The Company shall be obligated to redeem the Series Preferred as follows:

(i) Series C Preferred. The holders of at least two-thirds of the then
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred, voting together as a separate class, may require the Company,
to the extent it may lawfully do so, to redccm the Scries C Preferred in two annual installments beginning
on April 30, 2011 and ending on the date one year thereafter (each, a “Series C Redemption Date’),
provided, however that the Company shall have received written notice of such election by the holders of
Series C Preferred at least thirty (30) days prior to April 30, 2011. The Company shall! effect such
redemption on the applicable Series C Redemption Date by paying in cash in exchange for the shares of
Series C Preferred to be redeemed a sum equal to the Series C Original Issue Price, Appropriately
Adjusted, plus accrued or declared and unpaid dividends with respect to such shares. The total amount to
be paid for the Series C Preferred is hereinafter referred to as the “Series C Redemption Price.” The
number of shares of Series C Preferred that thc Company shall be required to redeem on any one Series C
Redemption Date shall be equal to the amount determined by dividing (A) the aggregate number of
shares of Series C Preferred outstanding immediately prior to the Series C Redemption Date by (B) the
number of remaining Series C Redemption Dates (including the Series C Redemption Date to which such
calculation applies). Shares subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5(a)(i) shall be redeemed from
each holder of Series C Preferred on a pro rata basis.

(ii) Series B Preferred. Following redemption in full of all outstanding
shares of Serics C Preferred, the holders of at least two-thirds of the then outstanding shares ‘of Series B.
Preferred, voting together as a separate class, may require the Company, to the extent it may lawfully do
so, to redeem the Series B Preferred in two annual installments beginning no more than thirty (30) days
after the final Series C Redemption Date, and ending on the date one year thereafter (each, a “Series B
Redemption Date’); provided, however that the Company shall have received written notice of such
election by the holders of Series B Preferred at least thirty (30) days prior to the final Series C
Redemption Date, The Company shall effect such redemptions on the applicable Series B Redemption

WO03 154320007/1278409A13 -14-
Date by paying in cash in exchange for the shares of Series B Preferred to be redeemed a sum equal to
the Series B Original Issue Price, Appropriately Adjusted, plus accrued or declared and unpaid dividends
with respect to such shares. The total amount to be paid for the Series B Preferred is hereinafter referred
to as the “Series B Redemption Price.” The number of shares of Series B Preferred that the Company
shall be required to redeem on any one Series B Redemption Date shall be equal to the amount
determined by dividing (A) the aggregate number of shares of Series B Preferred outstanding
immediately prior to the Series B Redemption Date by (B) the number of remaining Scrics B
Redemption Dates (including the Series B Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). Shares
subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5(a)(ii) shall be redeemed from each holder of Series B
Preferred on a pro rata basis.

(iii) Series A Preferred. Following redemption in full of all outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred and Series B Preferred, the holders of at least two-thirds of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred, voting together as a separate class, may require the Company,
to the extent it may lawfully do so, to redeem the Series A Preferred in two annual installments beginning
no more than thirty (30) days after the final Series B Redemption Date, and ending on the date one year
thereafter (each, a “Series A Redemption Date”); provided, however that the Company shall have
received written notice of such election by the holders of Series A Preferred at least thirty (30) days prior
to the final Series B Redemption Date. The Company shall effect such redemptions on.the applicable
Series A Redemption Date by paying in cash in exchange for the shares of Series A Preferred to be
redeemed a sum equal to the Series A Original Issue Price, Appropriately Adjusted, plus declared and
unpaid dividends with respect to such shares. The total amount to be paid for the Series A Preferred is
hereinafter referred tu as the “Series. A Redemption Price.” The number of shares of Series A Preferred
that the Company shall be required to redccm on any one Series A Redemption Date shall be equal to the
amount determined by dividing (A) the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred outstanding
immediately prior to the Series A Redemption Date by (B) the number of remaining Series A
Redemption Dates (including the Series A Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). Shares
subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5{a)(iii) shall be redeemed from each holder of Series A
Preferred on a pro rata basis. Where applicable in this Section 5, the term “Redemption Date” without
qualification shall mean a Series C Redemption Date, a Series B Redemption Date or a Series A
Redemption Date, as required by context. Similarly, the term “Redemption Price” shall mcan the Series
C Redemption Price, the Series B Redemption Price or the Scrics A Redemption Price, as required by
context. ,

(iv) At least thirty (30) days but no more than sixty (60) days prior to each
Redemption Date, the Company shall send a notice (a “Redemption Notice’) to all holders of Series
Preferred to be redeemed on such Redemption Date setting forth (A) the Redemption Price for the shares
to be redeemed; and (B) the place at which such holders may obtain payment of the Redemption Price
upon surrender of their share certificates. If the Company does not have sufficient funds legally available
to redeem all shares to be redeemed on any Redemption Date, then it shall redeem such shares pro rata
(based on the portion of the aggregate Redemption Price payable to them) to the extent possible and shall
redeem the remaining shares to be redeemed as soon as sufficient funds are legally available.

b. On or prior to each Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit the
Redemption Price of all shares to be redeemed with a bank or trust company having aggregate capital and
surplus in excess of $100,000,000, as a trust fund, with irrevocable instructions and authority to the bank
or trust company to pay, on and after such Redemption Date, the Redemption Price of the shares to thcir
respective holders upon the surrender of their share certificates. Any moncys deposited by the Company
pursuant to this Section 5(b) for the redemption of shares thereafter converted into shares of Common
Stock pursuant to Section 4 hereof no later than the fifth (5th) day preceding the Redemption Date shall
be returned to the Company forthwith upon such conversion. The balance of any funds deposited by the

WO3 154320007/1278409/V13 -)5-
Company pursuant to this Section 5(b) remaining unclaimed at the expiration of one (1) year following
such Redemption Date shall be retumed to the Company promptly upon its written request.

c. On or after each Redemption Date, each holder of shares of Series Preferred to
be redeemed shall surrender such holder’s certificates representing such shares to the Company in the
manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption Price of
such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or
certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be canceled. In the event less than
all the shares represented by such certificates are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing
the unredeemed shares, From and after such Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in
payment of the Redemption Price or the Company is unable to pay the Redemption Pricc duc to not
having sufficient legally available funds, all rights of the holder of such shares as holder of Series
Preferred (except the right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their
certificates), shall cease and terminate with respect to such shares; provided, however that in the event
that shares of Series Preferred are not redeemed due to a default in payment by the Company. or because
the Company does not have sufficient legally available funds, such shares of Series Preferred shall remain
outstanding and shall be entitled to all of the rights and preferences provided herein.

d. —_ Inthe event of a call for redemption of any shares of Series Preferred, the
Conversion Rights (as defined in Scction 4) for such Series Preferred shall terminate as to the shares
designated for redemption at the close of business on the fifth (5th) day preceding the Redemption Date,
unless default is made in payment of the Redemption Price.

6. | NOREISSUANCE OF SERIES PREFERRED.

No share or shares of Series Preferred acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption,
purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be rcissucd.

7. NO PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS.

Stockholders shall have no preemptive rights except as granted by the Company pursuant to
written agreements.

V.

A. _ The liability of the directors for monetary damages shal! be eliminated to the fullest extent
under applicable law.

B. This Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in Section
317 of the CGCL) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its stockholders through bylaw provisions or
through agreements with the agents, or through stockholder resolutions, or otherwise, in excess of the
indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the CGCL, subject, at any time or times that the
Corporation is subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, to the limits on such excess indemnification set
forth in Section 204 of the CGCL. . “

C. The holders of the Series A Preferred expressly waive their rights, if any, as described in

CGCL Sections 502, 503 and 506 as they relate to repurchases of shares upon termination of employment
OT service as a consultant or director.

W03 154320007/1278409/v13 -16-
D. Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall not effect the
rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act
giving rise to liability.

Vi.

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation,
and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation, of its directors and of
its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is provided that:

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall be
vested in its Board of Directors. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of
Directors shall be fixed at seven directors,

B. ‘The Board of Directors may from time to time make, amend, supplement or repeal the
Bylaws; provided that the stockholders may change or repeal any Bylaw adopted by the Board of
Directors by the affirmative vote of the percentage of holders of capital stock as provided therein; and
provided further that no amendment or supplement to the Bylaws adopted by the Board of Directors shall
vary or conflict with any amendment or supplement thus adopted by the stockholders.

C. The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws so
provide.

kd

THREE: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of this Corporation.

FOUR: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted
in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware (the “DGCL”) by the Board of Directors and the stockholders of the Corporation. The total
number of outstanding shares entitled to vote or act by written consent was 2,455,084 shares of Common
Stock, 4,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred and 18,674,270 shares of Series B Preferred. This
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was approved by written consent in accordance with
Section 228 of the DGCL by: (i) a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred, voting as a
separate class; (ii) two-thirds of the autstanding shares of Series B Preferred, voting as a separate class;
and (iii) a majority of the outstanding Series Preferred and Common Stock, voting together on an as-if
converted basis.

WO3 154320007/1278409/v13 -17-
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, A ZAIRE NETWORKS INC. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by the President and the Secretary in San Jose, California this
19th day of June, 2006.
AZAIRE NETWORKS INC.
By: 4/ William Howe
William Howe, President
ATTEST:

By: // David Bartlett
David Bartlett, Secretary

WO3 154320007/1278409v13 -18-
