FEOM CCRPORATION TRUST 302-655-2460 (VON) 3. 21°97 9:34/8T. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 2

State of Delaware
Secre of State

Division ©. Corporations
Delivered 03:55 05/21/2007
FILED 03:54 PM 05/21/2007
SRV 070595251 - 3565945 FILE

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
BAROFOLD, INC.

Dr. Lyndal K. Hesterberg hereby certifies that:

ONE: The original name of this company is BaroFold, Inc. and the date of filing the
original Certificate of Incorporation of this company with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware was September 6, 2002.

TWO: He is the duly elected and acting President of BaroFold, Inc., a Delaware
corporauon.

THREE: The Certificate of Incorporation of this company is hereby amended and
restated to read as follows:

L
The name of this company is BaroFold, Inc. (the “Company” or the “Corporation”.
ni.

The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209
Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the registered agent
of the corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

If.

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”).

IV.

A. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the
Company is authorized to issue is twenty-one million two hundred twenty thousand (21,220,000)
shares, fourteen million three hundred thousand (14,300,000) shares of which shall be Common
Stock (the “Common Stock”) and six million nine hundred twenty thousand (6,920,000) shares
of which shall be Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock”).

B. The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.00! per share and the Common
Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share.

C. Subject to any additional vote as may be required pursuant to Section E.2(b), the
number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the

273717 vSICO I.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-2460 (VON) 5. 21°97 9:34/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 > 3

number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the stock of the Company (voting together on an as-if-converted basis).

D. Six million nine hundred twenty thousand (6,920,000) of the authorized shares of
Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series A Preferred Stock” (the “Series A Preferred”).

¥E. The rights, preferences, privileges, restricdons and other matters relating to the
Series A Preferred are as follows:

1. DIVIDEND RIGHTS.

(a) Holders of Series A Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Common Stock, shal] be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, but
only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of eight percent
(8%) of the Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of
Series A Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations
and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date hereof). Such dividends shall be
payable only when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be non-cumulative.

(>) The “Original Issue Price” of the Series A Preferred shall be two
dollars and forty cents ($2.40).

(c) So long as any shares of Series A Preferred are outstanding, the
Company shall not pay or declare any dividend, whether in cash or property, or make any other
distribution on the Common Stock, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for value any
shares of Common Stock until all dividends (set forth in Section 1(a) above) on the Series A
Preferred shall have been paid or declared and set apart, except for acquisitions of Common
Stock by the Company pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such
shares at cost upon termination of services to the Company or in exercise of the Company’s right
of first refusal upon a proposed transfer.

(d) _In the event dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock, the
Company shall pay an additional dividend on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred in an
amount equal per share (on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set
aside for each share of Common Stock.

{e) The provisions of Sections !(c) and 1(d) shall not apply to a
dividend payable in Common Stock, or any repurchase of any outstanding securities of the
Company that is approved by the Company’s Board of Directors, including the approval of a
majority of the directors designated by holders of the Series A Preferred Stock.

2, VOTING RIGHTS.

(a) General Rights. Each holder of shares of the Series A Preferred
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into

which such shares of Series A Preferred could be converted (pursuant to Section 4 hereof)
immediately after the close of business on the record date fixed for such meeting or the effective

379717 vSICO 2.
FROM CGRPORATION TRUST 302-655-24E0 (MCN) 5. 21°97 9:34/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 4

date of such written consent and shal) have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights
and powers of the Common Stock) and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the bylaws of the Company. Except as otherwise provided herein or as required
by Jaw, the Scrics A Preferred shall vote together with the Common Stock at any annual or
special meeting of the stockholders and not as a separate class, and may act by written consent in
the same manner as the Common Stock.

(b) Separate Vote of Series A Preferred. For so long as at least five
hundred thousand (500,000) shares of Series A Preferred (subject to adjustment for any stock
Split, reverse stock split or other similar event affecting the Series A Preferred after the filing date
hereof) remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law, the
vole or written consent of the holders of at least fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Series A
Preferred shall be necessary for effecting or validating the fallowing actions:

(i) Any amendment, alteration, or repeal of any provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company (including any filing of a
Certificate of Designation or by merger, consolidation or otherwise), that alters or changes the

voting or other powers, preferences, or other special rights or privileges, or restrictions of the
Series A Prefered; .

(ii) | Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred, including by merger,
consolidation or othervise;

(iii) Any authorization or any designation, whether by
reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any new class or series of stock or any
other securities convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with or
senior to the Series A Preferred in right of redemption, liquidation preference, voting or
dividends or any increase in the authorized or designated number of any such new class or series,

(iv) Any redemption, repurchase, payment of dividends or other
distributions with respect to Common Stock (except for acquisitions of Common Stock by the
Company pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost
upon termination of services to the Company or in exercise of the Company’s right of first
refusal upon a proposed transfer);

(v) Any agreement by the Company or its stockholders
regarding an Asset Transfer or Acquisition (cach as defined in Section 3);

(vi) Any action that results in the payment or declaration of a
dividend on any shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock;

(vii) Any action that results in a material change or departure

from the Company's business as described in the Company's Operating Plan, daied April 16,
2007, unless such change has been unanimously approved by the Board of Directors;

27377 v$ICO 3.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-24€0 (VON) 5. 24°97 9:35/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 5

(viii) Any action in a single or series of related transactions that
results in the issuance of debt by the Company in excess of $5,000,000:

(ix) Any voluntary dissolution or liquidation of the Company;
or

(x) | Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Company's Board of Directors.

(c) Election of Board of Directors.

(i) For so long as at least five hundred thousand (500,000)
shares of Series A Preferred remain outstanding (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse
stock split or similar event affecting the Scries A Preferred after the filing date hereof):

(A) the holders of Series A Preferred, voting as a
separate class, shall be entitled to clect three (3) members of the Company's Board of Directors
at each meeting or pursuant to each written consent of the Company's stockholders for the
election of directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by
the resignation, death or removal of such directors;

(B) the holcers of Common Stock, voting as a separate
class, shall be entitled to elect onc (1) member of the Board of Directors, who shall be the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer, at each meeting or pursuant to each written consent of the
Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors
and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors; and

(C) the holders of Common Stock and Series A
Preferred, voting together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shal] be entitled to elect
all remaining members of the Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each written
consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office

such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such
directors.

3, LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

(a) Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary, before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders
of any Common Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the
asscts of the Company legally available for distribution, or the consideration received in such
uansaction, an amount per share of Series A Preferred equal to the Original Issue Price plus all
declared and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after the filing date
hereof) for each share of Series A Preferred held by them. If, upon any such liquidation,

dissolution, or winding up, the assets of the Company (or the consideration received in such
transaction) shall be insufficicnt to make payment in full to all holders of Scrics A Preferred of
the Jiquidation preference set forth in this Section 3(a), then such assets (or consideration) shall

273717 v5iCO 4.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-24E0 (MCN) 5. 21°97 9:35/8T. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 6

be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in
proportion to the full amounts to which they would ctherwise be respectively entitled,

(b) ~— After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series A
Preferred as set forth in Section 3(a) above, the remaining assets of the Company legally
available for distribution (or the consideration received in such transaction), if any, shall be
distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock.

(c) The following events shall be considered a liquidation under this
Section:

(i) (A) any consolidation or merger of the Company with or
into any other corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization, in
which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation, merger of
reorganization, own Icss than 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after
such consolidation, merger or reorganization; or (B) any transaction or series of related
transactions to which the Company is a party in which in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the
Company's voting power is transferred, excluding any consolidation or merger effected
exclusively to change the domicile of the Company and any transaction or series of related
transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash is received by the
Company or indebtedness of the Company is converted or cancelled, or any combination thereof
(each, an “Acquisition”); or

(ii) a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company (an “‘Asset Transfer”).

(iii) In any of such events, if the consideration received by
Company is other than cash, its value will be determined as follows:

(A) — Securities not subject to investment Ictter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability covered by (B) below:

(i) If traded on a securities exchange or through
a national quotation system, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of

the securities on such exchange or quotation system over the thirty (30) day period ending three
(3) days prior to the closing;

(2) —‘[E actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shal] be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over
the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to

investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of @ shareholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shal} be to make an

ITANG v8iICO 5.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-240 (MON) 5. 21°97 9:35/8T. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 7

appropriate discount from the market value determined as above in (A) (1), (2) or (3) to reflect
the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined by the Board of Directors.

(C) The valuation cf non-cash consideration other than
securities shal] be the fair market value thereof, as determined by the Board of Directors.

4. CONVERSION RIGHTS,

The holders of the Series A Preferred shall have the following rights with

fespect to the conversion of the Series A Preferred into shares of Common Stock (the
“Conversion Rights”):

(a) Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of thts Section 4, any shares of Series A Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be
converted at any time into fully-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number
of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled upon
conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the “Series A Preferred Conversion

Rate” then in effect (determined as provided in Section 4(b)) by the number of shares of Series A
Preferred being converted.

(b) Series A Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate in
effect at any time for conversion of the Series A Preferred (the “Series A Preferred Conversion
Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Original Issue Price of the Series A
Preferred by the “Series A Preferred Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in Section 4{c).

(c) Series A Preferred Conversion Price. The conversion price for
the Series A Preferred shall initially be the Original! Issue Price of the Series A Preferred (the
“Series A Preferred Conversion Price”). Such initial Series A Preferred Conversion Price shall
be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Section 4. All references to the Series A
Preferred Conversion Price herein shall mean the Series A Preferred Conversion Price as so
adjusted.

(d) Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series A Preferred who
desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4 shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or
any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred, and shall give written notice to the Company at
such office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of
shares of Series A Preferred being converted. Thereupon, the Company shal) promptly issue and
deliver at such office to such holder a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which such holder is entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the
extent sufficient funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at the Common
Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board of Directors as of the date of such
conversion), any dectared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred being
converted and (ij) in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board of
Directors as of the date of conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stock
Otherwise issuable to any holder of Serics A Preferred. Such conversion shal) be deemed to have

273717 vSACO 6.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-24€6 (MCN) 5. 21°97 9:35/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? §&

been made at the close of business on the date of such surrender of the certificates representing
the shares of Series A Preferred to be converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

(e) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If at any time
or from time to time after the date that the first share of Series A Preferred is issued (the
“Original Issue Datc”) the Company effects a subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock
without a corresponding subdivision of the Preferred Stock, the Series A Preferred Conversion
Price in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased.
Conversely, if at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date the Company
combines the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares without a
corresponding combination of the Preferred Stock, the Series A Preferred Conversion Price in
effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately increased. Any adjustment

under this Section 4{e) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision
or combination becomes effective.

(f) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions.
If at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date the Company pays a dividend or
other distribution in additional shares of Common Stock, the Series A Preferred Conversion
Price that js then in effect shal] be decreased as of the time of such issuance, as provided below:

(i) The Series A Preferred Conversion Price shal! be adjusted
by multiplying the Series A Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction equal to:

(A) the numerator of which is the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance, and

(B) the denominator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution;

(ii) If the Company fixes a record date to determine which
holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution, the Series A
Preferred Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close of business on such record date and the

number of shares of Common Stock shall be calculated immediately prior to the close of
business on such record date; and

(iii) If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully
paid or if such distribution is not fully mads on the date fixed therefor, the Series A Preferred
Conversion Price sha]! be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date
and thereafter the Series A Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section
4(f) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

273717 v5iCO 7.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-240 (MON) 5. 21°97 9:36/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 > ¢

(g) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. If
at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date, the Common Stock issuable upon
the conversion of the Series A Preferred is changed into the same or a different number of shares
of any class or classes of stock, whether by recapitalization, reclassification or otherwise (other
than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer as defined in Section 3 or a subdivision or combination of
shares or stock dividend or a reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets provided for
elsewhere in this Section 4), in any such event each holder of Series A Preferred shall then have
the right to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other securities and
property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification or other change by holders of the
Maximum number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series A Preferred
could have been converted immediately prior to such recapitalization, reclassification or change,
all subject to further adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or
property by the terms thereof.

(bh) Reorganizations, Mergers or Consolidations. If at any time or
from time to time after the Original Issue Date, there is a capital reorganization of the Common
Stock or the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation or another
entity or person (other than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer as defined in Section 3 or a
reeapitalizalion, subdivision, combination, reclassification, exchange or substitution of shares
provided for elsewhere in this Section 4), as a part of such capital reorganization, provision shall
be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon
conversion of the Series A Preferred the number of shares of stock or other securities or property
of thc Compuny to which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have been entitled on such capital reorganization, subject to adjustment in
respect of such stock or securities by the terms thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment
shaJ] be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of
the holders of Series A Preferred after the capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of
this Section 4 (including adjustment of the Series A Preferred Conversion Price then in effect and
the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred) shall be applicable after
that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

@ Sale of Shares Below Series A Preferred Conversion Price.

(i) If at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue
Date, the Company i issues or sells, or is deemed by the xpress provisions of this Section 4(i) to
have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as defined below), other than as a
dividend or other distribution on any class of stock as provided in Section 4(f) above, and other
than a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock as provided in Section 4(c) above,
for an Effective Price (as defined below) less than the then effective Series A Preferred
Conversion Price, then and in each such case, the then existing Series A Preferred Conversion
Price shal] be reduced, as of the opening of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a price
determined by muluplying the Series A Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to
such issuance or sale by a fraction equal to:

(A) the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to such issue

273717 vSiCO 8.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-24E0 (MON) 5. 21°97 9:36/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 > 10

or sale, plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock which the Aggregate Consideration
received (as defined below) by the Company for the total number of Additional Shares of
Common Stock so issued would purchase at such Series A Preferred Conversion Price, and

(B) the denominator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to such issue
or sale plus the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.

For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A) the number of shares of
Common Stock ouistanding, (B) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred could be converted if fully converted on the day
immediately preceding the given date, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which
could be obtained through the exercise or conversion of aJl other rights, options and convertible
securities outstanding on the day immediately preceding the given date.

(if) | No adjustment shall be made to the Series A Preferred
Conversion Price in an amount less than one cent per share. Any adjustment otherwise required
by this Section 4(i) that is not required to be made due to the preceding sentence shal] be
included in any subsequent adjustment to the Series A Preferred Conversion Price.

(iii) For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section 4(i), the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any issue or sale of
securities (the “Aggregatc Consideration”) shall be defined as: (A) to the extent it consists of
cash, be computed at the net amount of cash received by the Company after deduction of any
underwriting or similar commussions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the
Company in connection with such issue or sale but without deduction of any other expenses
payable by the Company, (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, be computed at
the fair value of that property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, and (C) if
Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities (as defined below) or rights or
options to purchase either Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are
issued or sold together with other stock or securities or other assets of the Company for a
consideration which covers both, be computed as the portion of the consideration so received that
may be reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors to be allucable to such
Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or options.

(iv) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this
Section 4(i), if the Company issues or sells (x) stock or other securities convertible into,
Additional Shares of Common Stock (such convertible stock or securities being herein referred
to as “Convertible Securities”) or (y) rights or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of
Common Stock or Convertible Securities and if the Effective Price of such Additional Shares of
Common Stock is less than the Series A Preferred Conversion Price, in cach case the Company
shal] be deemed to have issued at the time of the issuance of such rights or options or Convertible
Securities the maximum number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
or conversion thereof and to have received as consideration for the issuance of such shares an

273717 v¥CO 9.
FEOM CGRPORATION TRUST 302-655-240 (VON) 5. 21°97 9:36/S8T. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 11

amount equal to the total amount of the consideration, if any, received by the Company for the
issuance of such rights or options or Convertible Securities plus:

(A) in the case of such rights or options, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such rights or
options; and

(B) in the case of Convertible Sccurities, the minimum
amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion thereof (other
than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities);
provided that if the minimum amounts of such consideration cannot be ascertained, but are a
function of antidilution or similar protective clauses, the Company shall be deemed to have
received the minimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses.

(C) If the minimum amount of consideration payable to
the Company upon the exercise or conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is
reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events other than by
reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective Price shall be recalculated using the figure to
which such minimum amount of consideration is reduced; provided further, that if the minimum
amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion of such rights,
options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, the Effective Price shall be again
recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon
the exercise or conversion of such rights, options ur Convertible Securities.

(D) No further adjustment of the Series A Preferred
Conversion Price, as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities,
shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock or the
exercise of any such rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible Securities. If
any such rights or options or the conversion privilege represented by any such Convertible
Securities shall expire without having been exercised, the Series A Preferred Conversion Price as
adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities shall be readjusted to
the Series A Preferred Conversion Price which would have been in effect had an adjustment been
made on the basis that the only Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued were the
Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise of such rights
or options or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such Additional Shares of
Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the
Company upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Company
for the granting of all such rights or options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration
received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually converted, plus the
consideration, if any, actually received by the Company (other than by cancellation of liabilities
or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such Convertible

Securities, provided that such readjustment shall not apply to prior conversions of Series A
Preferred.

(v) For the purpose of making any adjustment to the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred required under this Section 4(i), “Additional Shares

273717 vaACO 10.
FROM CGRPORATION TRUST 302-655-24€0 (MON) 5. 21°97 9:36/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 12

of Common Stock” shai] mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to
be issued pursuant to this Section 4(i) (including shares of Common Stock suhsequently
reacquired or retired by the Company), other than:

(A) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
the Series A Preferred;

(B) up to 2,105,607 sharcs of Common Stock and/or
options, warrants or other Common Stock purchase rights and the Common Stock issued
pursuant to such options, warrants or other rights (as adjusted for any stock dividends,
combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like after the filing date hereof) after the Original
Issuc Date to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the Company or
any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other arrangements that are
approved by the Board; provided, however, that such amount shall be increased to reflect any
shares of Common Stock (i) not issued pursuant to the rights, agreements, option or warrants
outstanding as of the Original Issve Date (‘Outstanding Options’) as a result of the termination
of such Outstanding Options or (ii) reacquired by the Company from employees, directors or
consultants pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares upon
termination of services to the Company, or (iii) the authorization of which is approved by holders
of at least fifty percent (50%) of the Series A Preferred:

(C) shares of Common Stock issucd pursuant to the
exercise of options, warrants or convertible securilies outstanding as of the Original Issue Date;

(D) shares of Common Stock and/or options, warrants
or other Common Stock purchase rights, and the Common Stock issued pursuant to such options,
waitants or other rights issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger,
consolidation, acquisition, strategic alliance or similar business combination approved by the

Board, including the approval of a majority of the directors designated by holders of the Series A
Preferrcd Stock;

(E) shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock issued
pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property Icasing arrangement or debt
financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board;

(F) shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock issued
to third-party service providers in exchange for or as partial consideration for services rendered
to the Company; and

(G) any equity securities issued in connection with
strategic transactions involving the Company and other entities, including (ji) joint ventures,
manufacturing. marketing or distribution arrangements or (ii) technology transfer or development
arrangements; provided that the issuance of shares therein has been approved by the Company’s
Board of Directors, including the approval of a majority of the directors designated by holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock.

273717 vitCO a
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-24€0 (MON) 5. 21°97 9:37/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 15

References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (v) above shall mean all
shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to this
Section 4(i). The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the
quotient determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued
or sold, or deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company under this Section 4(i), into the
Aggregate Consideration received, or deemed to have been received by the Company for such
issue under this Section 4(i), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

qw) Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or
readjustment of the Series A Preferred Conversion Price for the number of shares of Common
Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred, if the Series A
Preferred is then convertible pursuant to this Section 4, the Company, at its expense, shall
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the provisions hereof and prepare a
cerlificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and shall mail such certificate, by first class
mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of Series A Preferred at the holder's address as
shown in the Company’s books. The certificate shal] set forth such adjustment or readjustment,
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, including a
statement of (i) the consideration received or deemed to be received by the Company for any
Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold, (ii)
the Series A Preferred Conversion Price a the time in effect, (iii) the number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock and (iy) the type and amount, if any, of other property which at the
time would be received upon conversion of the Series A Preferred.

(k) Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) any Acquisition (as defined
in Section 3) or other capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or
recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into any other corporation, or any Asset Transfer (as defined in Section 3), or any
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the Company
shall mail to each holder of Series A Preferred at least ten (10) days prior to the record date
specified therein (or such shorter period approved by the holders of fifty percent (50%) of the
outstanding Series A Preferred) a notice specifying (A) the date on which any such record is to be
taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution and a description of such dividend or
distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification,
transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected
to become effective, and (C) the date, if any, thal is to be fixed as to when the holders of record
of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common
Stock (or other securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such Acquisition,
reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution,
liquidation or winding up.

qd) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Series A Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective Series A Preferred

273717 vICO 12.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-24E6 (MCN) 5. 21°07 9:37/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 14

Conversion Price, (A) at any time upon the affirmative election of the holders of at least fifty
percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred, or (B) immediately upon the
closing of a firmly underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock for
the account of the Company in which (i) the per shere price is at least $7.20 (as adjusted for stock
splits, dividends, recapitalizations and the like after the filing date hereof), and (ii) the gross cash
proceeds to the Company (before underwriting discounts, commissions and fees) are at least
$25,000,000 (a “Qualified Public Offering”). Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and
unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 4(d).

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of either of the events specified in
Section 4(])(j) above, the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares ure surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent;
provided, huwever, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such
shares of Series A Preferred are either delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided
below, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been
lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the
Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence
of such automatic conversion of the Series A Preferred. the holders of Series A Preferred sha)]
surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of the Company or any transfer
agent for the Series A Preferred. Thereupon, there shal] be issued and delivered to such holder
promptly at such office and in its name as shown on such surrendercd certificate or certificates, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of
Series A Preferred surrendered were convertible on the date on which such automatic conversion

occured, and any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions
of Section 4(d).

(m) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of Series A Preferred. All shares of Common Stock (including
fractions therecf) issuable upon conversion of more than one share of Series A Preferred by a
holder thereof shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the conversion would
result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of
issuing any fractional share, pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the
Common Stock’s fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors) on the date of
conversion.

(n) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred,
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shal! from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of al] outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred. If at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the canversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred, the Company will take such corporate

273717 vSiICO 13.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-24€0 (MCN) 5. 21°97 9:37/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 15

action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(0) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4
shall be i in writing and shal] be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party
to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal
business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five (5) days after
having been sent by registered or certified mail, rewarn receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv)
one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to cach holder of record at
the address of such holder appearing on the books of the Company.

(p) Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to
the issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Series A
Preferred, excluding any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in
the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares
of Series A Preferred so converted were registered.

{(q) No Dilution or Impairment. Without the consent of the holders
of then outstanding Series A Preferred as required under Section 2(b), the Company shall not
amend its Restated Certificate of Incorporation or participate in any reorganization, transfer of
assets. consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of sccurities or take any other voluntary
action, for the purpose of avoiding or seeking to avoid the observance or performance of any of
the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company, but shall at all times in good
faith assist in carrying out all such action as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in order
to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred against diludon or other
impairment.

Vv.

A. The fiability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages shall be
climinated to the fullest extent under applicable law. If the General Corporation Law or any
other law of the State of Delaware is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article
V to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors,
then the liability of a director of the Company shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by the General Corporation Law as so amended.

B, Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article V in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

C. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Jaw, the Corporation is authorized to
provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) directors, officers and agents of the

Corporation (and any other persons to which General Corporation Law permits the Corporation
10 provide indemnification) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other

273717 vSICO 14.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-24€0 (MCN) 5. 21°97 9:37/ST. $:33/NO. 4362069072 ? 16

persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of the
indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by Section 145 of the General Corporation
Law. Any amendment, repeal ‘or modification of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect
any right or protection of any director, officer or other agent of the Corporation existing at the
time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

VI.

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Company,
and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Company, of its directors
and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Company
shal] be vested in its Board of Directors. The number of directors which shall constitute the
whole Board of Directors shall be fixed by the Board of Directors in the manner provided in the
Bylaws, subject to any restrictions which may be set forth in this Restated Certificate.

B. The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the
Bylaws of the Company. The stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal
the Bylaws of the Company; provided however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any
class or series of stock of the Company required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation,
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-
outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any
provision of the Bylaws of the Company.

Cc. The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot unless the
Bylaws so provide.

vHKSA

FOUR: This Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly approved by the
Board of Directors of the Company.

FIVE: This Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 22%, 242 and 245 of the DGCL by the Board of
Directors and the stockholders of the Company. The total number of outstanding shares cntitled
to vote or act by written consent was 2,933,399 shares of Common Stock. A majority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock approved this Restated Certificate of Incorporation by
written consent in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL and written notice of such was
given by the Company in accordance with said Section 228.

{Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank)

273717 v5ICO 15.
FROM CORPORATION TRUST 302-655-246 (MCN) 5. 21°07 9:37/ST. $:33/N0. 4362069072 > 17

XIN WITNESS WRERROF, BaroFold, Inc. has caused this Third Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its President this__ 21st day of May, 2007.

BAROFOLD, INC.
By:
Name: Lyndal K. Hesterberg

Tite: President

IRANI VSICO 16.
