State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 07:18 PM 05/11/2006
FILED 07:11 PM 05/11/2006
SRV 060448855 - 4127174 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
BARONOVA, INC.

BAROnova, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Corporation’”’), certifies that:

A. The name of the Corporation is BAROnova, Inc. The Corporation’s original
Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
March 16, 2006.

B. That this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and
restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Corporation’s Certificate of
Incorporation.

Dz. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is amended and restated to read as set
forth in EXHIBIT A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, BAROnova, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Daniel R. Burnett, a duly authorized officer of the
Corporation, on May | 1, 2006.

/s/ Daniel R. Burnett
Daniel R. Burnett,
President & CEO

3445550_1.D0C
EXHIBIT A
ARTICLE |

The name of the corporation is BAROnova, Inc. (the “Corporation”.
ARTICLE II

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is
1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801. The name of the
registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE Il

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV

The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated,
respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock”. The total number of shares of
stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 12,833,334 shares, consisting of
8,500,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.00! par value per share, and 4,333,334 shares of
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, all of which shall be designated “Series A
Preferred Stock.”

The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as
follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Article V, the following definitions shall
apply:
(a) “Board” means the Corporation’s Board of Directors.
(b) “Conversion Price” means $1.50 per share for the Series A

Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations and as
otherwise set forth elsewhere herein).

(c) “Corporation” means BAROnova, Inc.

(d) “Convertible Securities” means any evidences of indebtedness,
shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(e) “Distribution” means the transfer of cash or other property
without consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise. other than dividends on
Common Stock payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of
the Corporation for cash or property other than: (i) repurchases of Common Stock issued
to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its

3445550_1.D0C
subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements
providing for the right of said repurchase at no greater than cost; (ii) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the
Corporation or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in the
Corporation’s Right of First-Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement, as may be amended from
time to time, or any other agreement unanimously approved by the Board; and (iii) any
other repurchase or redemption of capital stock of the Corporation approved by holders
of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation and a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation, voting as a
single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.

(f) “Dividend Rate” means an annual rate of 8% of the Orginal Issue
Price of the Series A Preferred Stock per share for the Series A Preferred Stock.

(g) “Liquidation Preference” means the Original Issue Price.
(h) “Maintenance Right” means for each Qualified Holder (as
defined in Article IV, Section 4(d)(v)), such number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
as provided in the “Number of Series A Shares” column of the “Second Closing” of the
Schedule of Investors attached to the Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement as
Exhibit A, such securities to be on the same terms and conditions as set forth in the Series
A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement.

(i) “Options” means rights, options or warrants to subscribe for,
purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(j) “Original Issue Price” means $1.50 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations and as set
forth elsewhere herein).

(k) ‘Preferred Stock” means the Series A Preferred Stock.

(1) “Qualified Affiliates” means any affiliate of a holder of Preferred
Stock to which such holder may have assigned its Maintenance Right, including affiliated
funds which are not Corporation shareholders at the time of a Qualified Financing.

(m) “Qualified Financing” means the equity financing in which
holders of Preferred Stock have been offered the Maintenance Right.

(n) “Recapitalization” means any stock dividend, stock split,
combination of shares, reverse stock split, reorganization, recapitalization, or other
reclassification affecting the Corporation’s equity securities

(o) “Restated Certificate’ means this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation

3445550_1.DOC
(p) “Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement” means the
Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Corporation and the

Qualified Holders to be entered into on or about the date hereof.
2. Dividends.

(a) Preferred Stock. In any calendar year, the holders of outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, when and as declared by
the Board, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor, at the Dividend Rate
specified for such shares of Preferred Stock payable in preference and priority to any
declaration or payment of any Distribution on Common Stock of the Corporation in such
calendar year. No Distributions shall be made with respect to the Common Stock until all
declared dividends on the Preferred Stock have been paid or set aside for payment to the
Preferred Stock holders. Payment of any dividends to the holders of the Preferred Stock
shall be on a pro-rata, pari passu basis in proportion to the Dividend Rates for each series
of Preferred Stock. The right to receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock shall not
be cumulative, and no right to such dividends shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock
by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared or paid in any calendar
year.

(b) Additional Dividends. After the payment or setting aside for
payment of the dividends or described in Section 2(a), any additional dividends (other
than dividends on Common Stock payable solely in Common Stock) declared or paid in
any fiscal year shall be declared or paid among the holders of the Preferred Stock and
Common Stock then outstanding in proportion to the greatest whole number of shares of
Common Stock which would be held by each such holder if all shares of Preferred Stock
were converted at the then-effective Conversion Rate (as defined in Section 4 hereof).

(c) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in
this Section 2 shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution
shall be deemed to be the fair market value of such property as determined in good faith
by the Board.

(d) Consent _to Certain Distributions. As authorized by
Section 402.5(c) of the California Corporations Code, Sections $02 and 503 of the
California Corporations Code shall not apply with respect to payments made by the
Corporation in connection with (i) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by
employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon
termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the
right of said repurchase at no greater than cost; (1) repurchases of Common Stock issued
to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its
subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in the Corporation’s Right of
First-Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement, as may be amended from time to time, or any
other agreement unanimously approved by the Board; or (iii) any other repurchase or
redemption of capital stock of the Corporation approved by the Board and the holders of
65% of the then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock voting as a separate
class.

3445550_1.DOC
3. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Series A Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any
Distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of
Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share for each
share of Series A Preferred Stock held by them equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation
Preference for the Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) all declared and unpaid dividends on
such share of Series A Preferred Stock. If upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation legally available for Distribution to the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are insufficient to permit the payment to such
holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(a), then the entire assets of the
Corporation legally available for Distribution shall be distributed with equal priority and
pro rata among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the full
amounts they would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3(a).

(b) Remaining Assets. After the payment or setting aside for payment
to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amounts specified in Section 3({a) above, the
entire remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for Distribution shall be
distributed pro rata among the holders of Common Stock in proportion to the number of
shares of Common Stock held by them.

(c) Shares not Treated as Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock in
any Distribution. Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, solely for purposes of
determining the amount each holder of shares of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive
with respect to a Liquidation Event, each series of Preferred Stock shall be treated as if
all holders of such series had converted such holder's shares of such series into shares of
Common Stock immediately prior to the Liquidation Event if, as a result of an actual
conversion of any series of Preferred Stock (including taking into account the operation
of this paragraph (c) with respect to all series of Preferred Stock), holders of such series
would receive (with respect to such series), in the aggregate, an amount greater than the
amount that would be distributed to holders of such series if such holders had not
converted such series of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. If holders of any
series are treated as if they had converted shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock
pursuant to this paragraph, or if holders of any series voluntarily convert their shares of
Preferred Stock into Common Stock pursuant to the terms of ARTICLE V, Section 4(a)
hereof, then shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of
Common Stock in order to participate in any Distribution, or series of Distributions, as
shares of Common Stock, without first foregoing participation in the Distribution, or
series of Distributions, as shares of Preferred Stock.

(d) Reorganization. For purposes of this Section 3, unless otherwise
agreed by holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class and on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to
include, (a) the acquisition of the Corporation or a majority of the Corporation’s

3445550_1.DOC
outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote by another entity or person by means
of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any
stock acquisition, reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding by means of the
sale of capital stock of the Company for capital raising purposes) other than a transaction
or series of transactions (i) effected exclusively to change the domicile of the
Corporation, (ii) that merges or consolidates the Corporation with or into a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Corporation, or (iii) in which the holders of the voting securities of the
Corporation outstanding immediately before such transaction continue to retain (either by
such voting securities remaining outstanding or by such voting securities being converted
into voting securities of the surviving entity), on account of shares in the Corporation
held by such holders immediately before such transaction, at least a majority of the total
voting power represented by the voting securities of the Corporation or such surviving
entity outstanding immediately after such transaction or series of transactions (an
“Acquisition”; or (b) a sale or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Corporation (an “Asset Transfer”).

(e) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the
Corporation distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution, or
winding up of the Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be
their fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board (including at lease one
member elected by the holders of the Series A Preferred stock voting as a class), except
that unless otherwise valued in a merger or acquisition agreement approved by the
Corporations stockholders (in which case such value shall be controlling) any publicly-
traded securities to be distributed to stockholders in a liquidation, dissolution, or winding
up of the Corporation shall be valued as follows:

(i) If the securities are then traded on a national securities
exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the
value of the securities shall be deemed to be to the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange or system over the thirty (30) trading day period ending three
(3) trading days before the Distribution;

(ii) if the securities are actively traded over-the-counter, then
the value of the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of

the securities over the thirty (30) trading day period ending three (3) trading days before
the Distribution.

In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity,
the Distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

For the purposes of this Section 3(e), “trading day” means any day which the
exchange or system on which the securities to be distributed are traded is open and
“closing prices” or “closing bid prices” shal] be deemed to be: (i) for securities traded
primarily on the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq,
the last reported trade price or sale price, as the case may be, at 4:00 p.m., New York
time, on that day and (ii) for securities listed or traded on other exchanges, markets and
systems, the market price as of the end of the regular hours trading period that is

3445550_1.D0C
generally accepted as such for such exchange, market or system. If, after the date hereof,
the benchmark times generally accepted in the securities industry for determining the
market price of a stock as of a given trading day shall change from those set forth above,
the fair market value shall be determined as of such other generally accepted benchmark
times.

(f) In the event of a deemed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation as described in Section 3(d) above, each holder of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive at the closing (and at each date after the closing on which additional
amounts (such as earnout payments, escrow amounts or other contingent payments) are
paid to stockholders of the Company as a result of the transaction) in cash, securities or
other property (valued as provided in Section 3(e) above) an amount equal to the greater
of: (1) the amount specified in Sections 3(a); or (2) the amount that the holders of
Preferred Stock would have been entitled to receive had they converted their shares of
Preferred Stock into Common Stock immediately before such event at the then effective
conversion price (taking into account all amounts previously paid to such holder under
this Section 3).

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of
such share at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock,
into that number of fully-paid, nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by
dividing the Original Issue Price for the relevant series of Preferred Stock by the
Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock, calculated to the nearest one-
hundredth of a share. (The number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of
Preferred Stock of a series may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the “Conversion
Rate” for each such series.) Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price for
any series of Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the Conversion Rate for such
series shall be appropriately increased or decreased.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into fully-paid, nonassessable shares of Common Stock at the
then effective Conversion Rate for such share (i) immediately before the closing of a
firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), covering
the offer and sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock at a price per share of at least
$7.50 (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) and with aggregate net proceeds to the
Corporation of at least $30,000,000 (before deduction of underwriters’ commissions and
expenses) (the “Qualified IPO”)or (ii) upon the receipt by the Corporation of a written
request for such conversion from the holders of at least 65% of the Preferred Stock then
outstanding, or, if later, the effective date for conversion specified in such requests (each
of the events referred to in (i) and (ii) are referred to herein as an “Automatic
Conversion Event”).

3445550_1.DOC
(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock
shall be issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to
which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to
such fraction multiplied by the then fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
determined by the Board. For such purpose, all shares of Preferred Stock held by each
holder of Preferred Stock shall be aggregated, and any resulting fractional share of
Common Stock shall be paid in cash. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and to receive certificates
therefor, they shall either (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly
endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock
or (B) notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost,
stolen or destroyed and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that they elect
to convert the same; provided, however, that on the date of an Automatic Conversion
Event, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without
any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent; provided
further, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion Event
unless either the certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to
the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the
Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed
and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates. On the date of the
occurrence of an Automatic Conversion Event, each holder of record of shares of
Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shares of
Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that
notice from the Corporation shall not have been received by any holder of record of
shares of Preferred Stock, or that the certificates evidencing such shares of Common
Stock shall not then be actually delivered to such holder.

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or after such
agreement and indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of
Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to
which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the
amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of
Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the converted Preferred
Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately before the close
of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted,
and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such
shares of Common Stock on such date; provided, however, that if the conversion is in
connection with an underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities
Act or a merger, sale or liquidation of the Corporation, the conversion may, at the option
of any holder tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing

3445$50_1.D0C
of such transaction, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have
converted such Preferred Stock until immediately before the closing of such transaction.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definition. For purposes of this Section 4(d),
“Additional Shares_of Common” means all shares of Common Stock issued (or,
pursuant to Section 4(d)(iii), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the filing of
this Restated Certificate, other than:

(1) shares of Common Stock or other securities issuable
upon the conversion of any of the Preferred Stock or as a dividend or Distribution on the
Preferred Stock;

(2) shares of Common Stock or other securities issuable
upon the conversion of any debenture, warrant, Option, or other Convertible Security
outstanding as of the date of the first issuance of Series A Preferred Stock;

(3) shares of Common Stock issuable upon a stock
split, stock dividend, or any subdivision of shares of Common Stock;

(4) shares of Common Stock (or options to purchase
such shares of Common Stock) issued or issuable to directors, officers, employees, and
consultants and advisors pursuant to plans approved by the Board including the Series A
directors, provided that such issuances are in each case approved by the Board including
at least one of the Series A directors;

(5) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in
connection with equipment leasing, real estate, bank financing, or similar transactions,
provided, that such issuances are in each case approved by the Board including at least
one of the Series A directors;

(6) shares of Common Stock issued in a Qualified IPO:

(7) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in
connection with the Company’s strategic alliances, joint ventures, and other similar
agreements, provided, that such issuances are in each case approved by the Board
including at least one of the Series A directors:

(8) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
pursuant to the acquisition of another corporation by the Corporation by merger, purchase
of substantially all of the assets or other reorganization or to a joint venture agreement,
provided, that such issuances are in each case approved by the Board including at least
one of the Series A directors;

3445$50_1.DOC
(9) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in
connection with any settlement of any action, suit, proceeding or litigation in each case
approved by the Board including at least one of the Series A directors; and

(10) shares of Common Stock which are otherwise
excluded by the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of 65% of the shares of
Preferred Stock of the Company then outstanding.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the
Conversion Price of a particular series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the
issuance of Additional Shares of Common unless the consideration per share (as
determined pursuant to Section 4(d)(v)) for an Additional Share of Common issued or
deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the Conversion Price in effect on the
date of, and immediately before such issue, for such series of Preferred Stock.

(iii) | Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common. In the
event the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the date of the first issuance
of Series A Preferred Stock, shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix
a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive
any such Options or Convertible Secunties, then the maximum number of shares (as set
forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein
for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities, the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities or, in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, the exercise of such Options and the conversion or exchange of the underlying
securities, shall be deemed to have been issued as of the time of such issue or, in case
such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date,
provided that in any such case in which shares are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of
any series of Preferred Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible
Securities or shares of Common Stock in connection with the exercise of such Options or
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration
payable to the Corporation or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof (other than pursuant to Recapitalization
provisions of such Options or Convertible Securities such as those set forth in
Sections 4(e), 4(f), 4(g) and 4(h) hereof), the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred
Stock and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall be recomputed to reflect such
change as if such change had been in effect as of the original issue thereof (or upon the
occurrence of the record date with respect thereto);

(3) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) above shall

have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock to an
amount above the Conversion Price that would have resulted from any other issuances of

3445550_1.DOC
Additional Shares of Common and any other adjustments provided for herein between the
original adjustment date and such readjustment date;

(4) upon the expiration of any such Options or any
rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shal] not have
been exercised, the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock computed upon the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and
any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as
if:

(a) in the case of Convertible Securities or
Options for Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common issued were the
shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities and the consideration received
therefor was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue of such
exercised Options plus the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such
exercise or for the issue of all such Convertible Securities which were actually converted
or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually received by the
Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and

(b) in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities, only the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise
thereof were issued at the time of issue of such Options, and the consideration received
by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of Common deemed to have been then
issued was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue of such
exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been received by the
Corporation (determined pursuant to Section 4(d)(v)) upon the issue of the Convertible
Securities with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; and

(5) if such record date shall have been fixed and such
Options or Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment
previously made in the Conversion Price which became effective on such record date
shall be canceled as of the close of business on such record date, and thereafter the
Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section 4(d)(iii) as of the actual date
of their issuance.

(iv) Adjustment_of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
Additional Shares of Common. In the event the Corporation shall issue Additional

Shares of Common (including Additional Shares of Common deemed to be issued
pursuant to Section 4(d)(iii)) without consideration or for a consideration per share less
than the applicable Conversion Price ofa series of Preferred Stock in effect on the date of
and immediately before such issue, then, the Conversion Price of the affected series of
Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issuc, to a price (calculated to
the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately before such issue plus the number of shares which the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of

3445550_1.DOC
Common so issued would purchase at such Conversion Price, and the denominator of
which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before
such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common so issued.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be reduced at such time if
the amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01. For the purposes of this
Subsection 4(d)(iv), all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and the exercise and/or conversion of any other
outstanding Convertible Securities and all outstanding Options shall be deemed to be
outstanding.

(v) Pay to Play.

(1) In the event that a holder of Preferred stock (a
“Qualified Holder”), together with its Qualified Affiliates, does not purchase the number
of shares in the Qualified Financing allocated to the Qualified Holder pursuant to its
Maintenance Right, then each share of Series A Preferred Stock held by the Qualified
Holder will automatically, without any further action of the Qualified Holder or the
Corporation, be converted into fully paid, non assessable shares of Common Stock at the
then effective Conversion Rate for such share immediately before the closing of such a
Qualified Financing.

(2) | Any conversion implemented as a result of the
provisions contained in Section 4(d)(v)(1) shall be effective immediately before the
closing of a Qualified Financing contemplated in Section 4(d)(v)(1).

(vi) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
subsection 4(d), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue (or deemed
issue) of any Additional Shares of Common shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at
the aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation after deducting any reasonable
discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation
for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with such issuance:

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined
in good faith by the Board; and

(c) in the event Additional Shares of Common
are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received,
computed as provided in clauses (a) and (b) above, as reasonably determined in good
faith by the Board.

3445550_1.D0C
(2) Options and Convertible __ Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(iii) shall be determined by dividing

(x) the total amount, if any, received or
receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or
Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration
(as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein designed to protect against anti-dilution) payable to the Corporation upon the
exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or
in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock as set forth in the instruments relating thereto then, issuable upon the exercise of
such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(e) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In
the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by
payment of a stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common
Stock, the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately
before such subdivision shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be
proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be
combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Common
Stock, the Conversion Prices in effect immediately before such combination shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately increased.

(f) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock.
In the event the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall
be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater
number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference
of the affected series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately before such subdivision
shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately
decreased. In the event the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred
Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares
of Preferred Stock, the Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the affected
series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately before such combination shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately increased.

(g) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions. If the
Corporation, at any time or from time to time after the date of filing of this Restated
Certificate, makes, or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of Common
Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common
Stock, in each such event the Conversion Price then in effect for each series of Preferred
Stock shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such record date
is fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying the Conversion
Price then in effect for such series of Preferred Stock by a fraction (i) the numerator of

3445550_1.D0C
which is the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately before the time of such issues or the close of business on such record date
and (ii) the denominator of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately before the time of such issuance or the close of business on
such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of
such dividend or distribution; provided, however, that if such record date is fixed and
such dividend is not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed
therefor, the Conversion Price for each series of Preferred Stock shall be recomputed
accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Conversion
Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section 4(g) to reflect the actual payment of such
dividend or distribution.

(h) Adjustments for Merger, Reclassification, Exchange and
Substitution. Subject to Section 3 above, if at any time or from time to time, the

Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the
same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by
merger, consolidation, recapitalization, capital reorganization, reclassification or
otherwise (other than a subdivision, combination of shares or merger or sale of assets
provided for above or in Section 3), then, in any such event, in lieu of the number of
shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to
receive, each holder of such Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert
such shares of Preferred Stock into a number of shares of such other class or classes of
stock which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion of such series of Preferred Stock immediately before that change would have
been entitled to receive in such merger, reorganization or reclassification, all subject to
further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares. In addition, to the
extent applicable in any such merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, or
reclassification, or other transaction subject to this Section 4(h), provision shall be made
so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or
property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable
upon conversion would have been entitled on such merger, consolidation, reorganization,
recapitalization, or reclassification, or other transaction subject to this Section 4(h).

(i) Certificate _as_to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the
Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the
written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i)such adjustments and
readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares
of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of Preferred Stock.

3445550_1.D0C
(j) Waiver _of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any
series of Preferred Stock may be waived, either generally or in a particular instance, by
the consent or vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of
such series. Any such waiver shall bind all future holders of shares of such series of
Preferred Stock.

(k) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of
determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a
cash dividend) or other distribution, the Corporation shall mail to each holder of
Preferred Stock, at least ten (10) days prior to the date specified therein, a notice
specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend or distribution, and the amount and character of such dividend or distribution.

(1) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the
Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time
be sufficient to effect the conversion of al] then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock;
and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall
not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred
Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to
such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

5. Voting.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein or as required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common
Stock shall vote together and not as separate classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by
law, there shall be no series voting.

(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the
shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder could be converted immediately after the
close of business on the record date fixed for a stockholders meeting or the effective date
of a written consent. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on
all matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled to vote and may act by written
consent in the same manner as the Common Stock. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the
Corporation. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting
rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of
Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be disregarded.

3445550_1.DOC
(d) Election of Directors. The holders of Common Stock, voting as a
separate class either by written consent or at a special meeting, shall be entitled to elect
two (2) members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
stockholders and to remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by
the resignation, death or removal of such director. The holders of Series A Preferred
Stock, voting as a separate class either by written consent or at a special meeting, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the stockholders and to remove from office such director and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director (the “Series A
Directors”). The holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class either by written consent or at a special meeting, shall be entitled to any and all
remaining members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
stockholders and to remove from office such director and to fill any vacancy caused by
the resignation, death or removal of such director.

(e) Adjustment_in Authorized Common Stock. The number of
authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the
number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of
shares of stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the votes represented by all
outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the
provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law.

(f) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be
entitled to one vote for each share thereof held.

6. Amendments and Changes. As long as at least 200,000 of the shares of
Preferred Stock (as presently constituted and subject to subsequent adjustments for stock
splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits and the like) shall be issued and outstanding,
the Corporation shall not, either directly or by amendment, merger, consolidation, or
otherwise, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent as provided by
law) of the holders of at least 65% of the Preferred Stock then outstanding:

(a) amend, alter, waive or repeal any provision of this Restated
Certificate or Bylaws of the Corporation;

(b) alter, change, or amend the preferences, rights, or privileges of the
Series A Preferred Stock;

(c) increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of
Common Stock or the Series A Preferred Stock;

(d) authorize or create (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class
or series of shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with

any series of Preferred Stock or having voting rights other than those granted to the
Preferred Stock generally;

(e) take any action that results in the redemption of any shares of
Common Stock (other than pursuant to equity incentive agreements with employees,

3445550_1.DOC
officers, consultants, or advisers of the Corporation approved by the Board giving the
Corporation the right to repurchase shares upon the termination of services);

(f) authorize an Acquisition or Asset Transfer; or
(g) increase or decrease the authorized size of the Board.

7. Notices. Any notice or other communication required by the provisions of
this Article V to be given to the holders of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given the
earlier of (i) when received, (ii) when delivered personally, (iii) one business day after
being delivered by facsimile or by email (with receipt of appropriate confirmation), (iv)
one business day after being deposited with an overnight courier service or (v) four days
after being deposited in the United States mail, First Class with postage prepaid, and
addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s address appearing on the books of the
Corporation.

8. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock
acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise
shall be reissued.

ARTICLE V
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless a stockholder demands
election by written ballot at the meeting and before voting begins or unless the Bylaws of
the Corporation shall so provide.

ARTICLE VII

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board
is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VIII

l. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law
as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not

be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for a
breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

2. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any
person made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether
criminal, civil, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or
intestate is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation or any predecessor
of the Corporation or serves or served at any other enterprise as a director, officer or
employee at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor to the Corporation.

3445550_1,DOC
3. Neither any amendment nor repeal! of this Article VII, nor the adoption of
any provision of this Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Article VIII, shall
eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VIII, in respect of any matter occurring, or
any action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VIII, would
accrue or arise, before such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE IX

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as
the Bylaws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any
provision contained in the statutes) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or
places as may be designated from time to time by the Board or in the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

3445550_1.DOC
