State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 06:45 PM 12/19/2007
FILED 06:30 PM 12/19/2007
SRV 071344408 - 3845932 FILE

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
BARRACUDA NETWORKS, INC.
The undersigned, Dean Drako, hereby certifies that:

A. He is the duly appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Barracuda
Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Corporation’’):

B. The name of this Corporation is Barracuda Networks, Inc. The original Certificate of
Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on November 17, 2004.

C. Pursuant to Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates and integrates
and amends the provisions of the Corporation’s original Certificate of Incorporation.

D. The terms and provisions of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation have been duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board’’)
and the written consent of the required number of shares of outstanding stock of the Corporation
pursuant to Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and
written notice pursuant to Subsection 228(d) of the General Corporation Law of the State shall be
given to those stockholders whose consent has not been obtained.

E, The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be
amended and restated to read in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the Corporation is Barracuda Networks, Inc.

The address of the Company’s registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust
Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. The name of its
registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE II

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware as the same exists or
may hereafter be amended.

ARTICLE Ill
The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is Two

Hundred Twenty Six Million, Five Hundred Thousand (226,500,000), consisting of One Hundred
Ninety Five Million (195,000,000) shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, and Thirty

CADocuments and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC
One Million, Five Hundred Thousand (31,500,000) shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per
share. The first series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall
consist of Thirty One Million, Five Hundred Thousand (31,500,000) shares.

Upon the filing of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each
outstanding share of Common Stock shall be split up and converted into three (3) shares of Common
Stock and each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be split up and converted into
three (3) shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Forward Split’). All numbers and references to
dollar amounts in this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation reflect the
Forward Split.

ARTICLE IV
The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:
1. Definitions. For purposes of this ARTICLE IV, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) “Conversion Price” shall mean $1.327 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations and as otherwise set forth
elsewhere herein).

(b) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(c) “Corporation” shall mean Barracuda Networks, Inc.

(d) “Distribution” shall mean (i) the transfer of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock
payable in Common Stock, or (ii) the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation for cash
or property other than: (A) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers,
directors or consultants of the Corporation, at a per share price equal to the lower of cost or the then
fair market value, upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements
providing for the right of said repurchase; (B) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by
employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation pursuant to rights of first refusal
contained in agreements providing for such right; (C) any other repurchase or redemption of capital
stock of the Corporation approved by the Board of Directors, including both Series A Directors (as
defined herein); or (D) the redemption of Series A Preferred Stock as provided in Section 6 hereof.

(e) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $1.990 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere
herein).

(f) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(g) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $1.327 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock (subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations as set forth elsewhere herein).

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic.fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -2-
(h) “Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock.

(i) “Recapitalization” shall mean any stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event.

2. Dividends.

(a) Dividends. Any dividends (other than dividends on Common Stock payable
solely in Common Stock) declared or paid in any fiscal year shall be declared or paid among the
holders of the Preferred Stock and Common Stock then outstanding in proportion to the greatest
whole number of shares of Common Stock which would be held by each such holder if all shares of
Preferred Stock were converted at the then-effective Conversion Rate (as defined in Section 4
hereof).

(b) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this
Section 2 shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be deemed
to be the fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors,
except that any publicly-traded securities to be distributed to stockholders as a Distribution shall be
valued as set forth in Section 3(e) below.

(c) Consent to Certain Distributions. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the
California Corporations Code, Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code shail not
apply with respect to payments made by the Corporation in connection with (1) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries, at a per share price equal to the lower of cost or the then fair market value, upon
termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said
repurchase; (ii) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or
consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in
agreements providing for such right; or (iii) any other repurchase or redemption of capital stock of
the Corporation approved by the Board of Directors.

3, Liquidation Rights.

(a) Liquidation Preference. In the event of any Liquidation (as defined below),
either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior
and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of the
Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share for each share of
Preferred Stock held by them equal to the sum of: (i) the Liquidation Preference specified for such
share of Preferred Stock; and (ii) all declared but unpaid dividends (if any) on such share of
Preferred Stock. If upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of
the Corporation legally available for distribution to the holders of the Preferred Stock are insufficient
to permit the payment to such holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(a), then the
entire assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equal
priority and pro rata among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts they
would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3(a).

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1] DOC -3-
(b) Remaining Assets. After the payment or setting aside for payment to the
holders of Preferred Stock of the full amounts specified in Section 3(a) above, the entire remaining
assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed pro rata to holders of
the Common Stock of the Corporation in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held
by them.

(c) Shares not Treated as Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock in any
Distribution. Shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of Common

Stock in order to participate in any distribution, or series of distributions, as shares of Common
Stock, without first foregoing participation in the distribution, or series of distributions, as shares of
Preferred Stock.

(d) Reorganization. For purposes of this Section 3, a “Liquidation” shall be
deemed to be occasioned by, or to include: (i) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or
into any other entity or entities (but excluding any merger effected solely for the purpose of
reincorporating into another state) or the merger of any other entity or entities into the Corporation,
in which the holders of the Corporation’s voting power immediately prior to such merger or
consolidation, hold (together with their affiliates), immediately after such merger or consolidation,
less than a majority of the voting power of the Corporation or the surviving or successor entity in
such merger or consolidation (or its parent); (ii) a sale, lease or other conveyance of, including the
grant of an exclusive license with respect to, all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation;
or (iii) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or
involuntary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the treatment of a transaction as a Liquidation pursuant
to this Section 3(d) may be waived, either prospectively or retrospectively and either generally or in
a particular instance, by the consent or vote of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding Preferred
Stock.

(e) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation
distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, except that any publicly-traded securities to be
distributed to stockholders in a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be
valued as follows:

(i) Ifthe securities are then traded on a national securities exchange or the
Nasdaq Stock Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value of the securities shall
be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over
the ten (10) trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the distribution;

(ii) if the securities are actively traded over-the-counter, then the value of
the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the ten
(10) trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the distribution.

In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity, the
distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -4-
4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows (the “Conversion Rights’):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid,
nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Original Issue Price of the
Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price for such shares. (The rate at which shares of Preferred
Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock is referred to herein as the “Conversion
Rate.”) Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price for the Preferred Stock, as described
in this Section 4, the Conversion Rate shall be appropriately increased or decreased.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shail
automatically be converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then
effective Conversion Rate for such share: (i) immediately prior to the closing of a firm commitment
underwritten initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), covering the offer and sale of the
Corporation’s Common Stock, provided that the offering price per share is not less than $3.98 (as
adjusted for Recapitalizations) and the aggregate gross proceeds to the Corporation are not less than
$30,000,000 (before deduction of underwriters commission and expenses) (such transaction, a
“Qualified Public Offering’’); or (ii) upon the receipt by the Corporation of a written request for
such conversion from the holders of at least two-thirds of the Preferred Stock then outstanding, or, if
later, the effective date for conversion specified in such requests (each of the events referred to in (1)
and (i1) are referred to herein as an “Automatic Conversion Event’).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the
then fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors. For
such purpose, all shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock that are then being
converted shall be aggregated, and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in
cash. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of
Common Stock, and to receive certificates therefor, he shall either: (i) surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock; or (ii) notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been
lost, stolen or destroyed and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the
Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates, and shall give written
notice to the Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the same; provided, however, that on
the date of an Automatic Conversion Event, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shail be
converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not
the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent;
provided further, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion Event unless either the
certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic.fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -5-
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. On the date of the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion Event, each holder of record
of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shares of
Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that notice from the
Corporation shall not have been received by any holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock, or
that the certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered to
such holder.

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or after such agreement and
indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled as aforesaid and
a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a
conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the
converted Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior
to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such date; provided, however, that if the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act or a merger, sale, financing,
or liquidation of the Corporation or other event, the conversion may, at the option of any holder
tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of such transaction or
upon the occurrence of such event, in which case the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such transaction or the occurrence of such
event.

(d) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a

stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with
the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of
shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination
shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately increased.

(e) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. In the
event the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a

stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Original Issue
Price and Liquidation Preference of the Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such
subdivision shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately
decreased. In the event the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be combined (by
reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Original Issue
Price and Liquidation Preference of the Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such
combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

CADocuments and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -6-
(f) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to
Section 3 above, if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be

changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether
by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of
shares provided for above), then, in any such event, in lieu of the number of shares of Common
Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive each holder of such Preferred
Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such shares of Preferred Stock into a number of
shares of such other class or classes of stock which a holder of the number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock immediately before that change would
have been entitled to receive in such reorganization or reclassification, all subject to further
adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares.

(g) | No Impairment. The Corporation will! not, through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary
action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or
performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in carrying out of
all the provision of this Section 4 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against
impairment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 4(h) shall prohibit the
Corporation from amending its Certificate of Incorporation with the requisite consent of its
stockholders and the board of directors, in accordance with applicable law and as provided herein.

(h) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of a Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish
to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth: (i) such adjustments and readjustments;

(ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect; and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and
the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
Preferred Stock.

(1) Notices of Record Date. In the event that this Corporation shall propose at
any time:

(i) _ to declare any Distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out of

earnings or earned surplus;

(ii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock
outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

(iii) to voluntarily liquidate or dissolve or to enter into any transaction
deemed to be a Liquidation;

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic.fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -7-
then, in connection with each such event, this Corporation shall send to the holders of the Preferred
Stock at least (10) days’ prior written notice of the date on which a record shall be taken for such
Distribution (and specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto
and, if applicable, the amount and character of such Distribution) or for determining rights to vote in
respect of the matters referred to in (ii) and (iii) above.

Such written notice shall be given by first class mail (or express courier), postage prepaid,
addressed to the holders of Preferred Stock at the address for each such holder as shown on the
books of the Corporation and shall be deemed given on the date such notice is mailed.

The notice provisions set forth in this section may be shortened or waived prospectively or
retrospectively by the vote or written consent of the holders of two-thirds of the Preferred Stock.

In the event the notice requirements of this section are not complied with or waived, the
Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing of the transaction to be postponed until such
requirements have been complied with, or cancel such transaction, in which event the rights,
preferences and privileges of the holders of the Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as
such rights, preferences and privileges existing immediately prior to the date of the first notice
referred to in this subsection.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion
of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

5, Voting.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together
and not as separate classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law, there
shall be no series voting.

(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred
Stock held by such holder could be converted as of the record date. The holders of shares of the
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled
to vote. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -8-
and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into
which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be disregarded.

(d) Election of Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of seven (7)
members. So long as at least 14,400,000 shares (as adjusted for any Recapitalization) of Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors (such
directors, the “Series A Directors”). The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect three (3) members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors (such
directors, the “Common Directors”). Any additional members of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors shal! be elected by the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class and on an as-converted basis (such directors, the “Mutual Directors”). Any vacancy,
including newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of
directors or amendment of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and
vacancies created by the death, removal or resignation of a director, may be filled by a majority of
the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and the
directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are duly
elected and shall qualify, unless sooner displaced; provided, however, that where such vacancy
occurs among the directors elected by the holders of a class or series of stock, the holders of shares
of such class or series may override the Board’s action to fill such vacancy by: (i) voting for their
own designee to fill such vacancy at a meeting of the Company’s stockholders; or (ii) written
consent, if the consenting stockholders hold a number of shares that would be sufficient to elect their
designee at a meeting of the stockholders. Any director may be removed during his or her term of
office either with or without cause, the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of the class or
series of stock entitled to elect such director or directors, given either at a special meeting of such
stockholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a written consent of stockholders, and any
vacancy thereby created may be filled by the holders of that class or series of stock represented at the
meeting or pursuant to written consent.

(e) Adjustment in Authorized Common Stock. Subject to any separate class vote
required by Section 7 hereof, the number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased
or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by an
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation, irrespective of the
provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

6. Redemption.

(a) At any time after the fifth (5th) anniversary of the initial issuance of the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock, and at the election of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, this Corporation shall redeem, out of funds legally
available therefor, all (but not less than all) outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock which
have not been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 hereof, in three (3) equal annual
installments (each a “Redemption Date”). The Corporation shall redeem the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock by paying in cash an amount per share equal to the Original Issue Price for such

CADocuments and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -9-
Series A Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to all declared and unpaid dividends thereon,
whether or not earned (the “Redemption Price”). The number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
that the Corporation shall be required under this Section 6 to redeem on any one (1) Redemption
Date shall be equal to the amount determined by dividing: (a) the aggregate number of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Redemption Date by; (b) the number
of remaining Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date to which such calculation applies).

(b) Any redemption effected pursuant to Section 6(a) shall be made on a pro rata
basis among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock then held by them.

(c) At least fifteen (15), but no more than thirty (30) days prior to each
Redemption Date, written notice shall be mailed, first class postage prepaid, to each holder of record
(at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given) of the
Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at the address last shown on the records of the Corporation
for such holder, notifying such holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying the number of
shares to be redeemed from such holder, the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price, the place at
which payment may be obtained and calling upon such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the
manner and at the place designated, the hoider’s certificate or certificates representing the shares to
be redeemed (the “Redemption Notice”). Except as provided herein, on or after the Redemption
Date each holder of Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender to this Corporation the certificate
or certificates representing such shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption
Notice, and thereupon the Redemption Price of such shares shall be payable to the order of the
person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each
surrendered certificate shall be cancelled. In the event less than all the shares represented by any
such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares.

(d) From and after the applicable Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a
default in payment of the Redemption Price, all rights of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption Notice as holders of Series A Preferred Stock
(except the right to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificate
or certificates) shall cease with respect to the shares designated for redemption on such date, and
such shares shall not thereafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be
outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. Ifthe funds of the Corporation legally available for
redemption of shares of Series A Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insufficient to redeem
the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds
which are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares
ratably among the holders of such shares to be redeemed based upon their holdings of Series A
Preferred Stock. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock not redeemed shall remain outstanding and
entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time thereafter when additional
funds of the Corporation are legally available for the redemption of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock such funds will immediately be used to redeem the balance of the shares which the
Corporation has become obliged to redeem on any Redemption Date, but which it has not redeemed.

(e) On or prior to each Redemption Date, the Corporation may deposit the
Redemption Price of all shares of Preferred Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption

CADocuments and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -10-
Notice and not yet redeemed with a bank or trust corporation having aggregate capital and surplus in
excess of $100,000,000, as a trust fund for the benefit of the respective holders of the shares
designated for redemption and not yet redeemed, with irrevocable instructions and authority to the
bank or trust corporation to pay the Redemption Price for such shares to their respective holders on
or after the Redemption Date upon receipt of notification from the Corporation that such holder has
surrendered a share certificate to the Corporation pursuant to Section 6(c) above. As of the
Redemption Date, the deposit shall constitute full payment of the shares to their holders, and from
and after the Redemption Date the shares so called for redemption shall be redeemed and shall be
deemed to be no longer outstanding, and the holders thereof shall cease to be stockholders with
respect to such shares and shall have no rights with respect thereto except the right to receive from
the bank or trust corporation payment of the Redemption Price of the shares, without interest, upon
surrender of their certificates therefor. Such instructions shall also provide that any moneys
deposited by the Corporation pursuant to this Section 6(e) for the redemption of shares thereafter
converted into shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 hereof prior to the
Redemption Date shall be returned to the Corporation forthwith upon such conversion. The balance
of any moneys deposited by the Corporation pursuant to this Section 6(e) remaining unclaimed at the
expiration of two (2) years following the Redemption Date shall thereafter be returned to the
Corporation upon its request expressed in a resolution of its Board.

7. Amendments and Changes.

As long as 3,000,000 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be issued and outstanding,
the Corporation shall not (by merger, consolidation or otherwise), without first obtaining the
approval (by vote or written consent as provided by law) of the holders of more than two-thirds of
the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock:

(a) amend, alter or waive any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws of the Corporation;

(b) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred
Stock;

(c) increase or decrease (other than decreases resulting from conversion of the
Preferred Stock) the authorized number of shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock;

(d) create or issue any securities of the Company having rights, preferences or
privileges which are senior to any of the rights of any of the Series A Preferred Stock, or effect a
merger, business combination, or other corporate transaction or series of related transactions
pursuant to which the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock will be
changed in any way or pursuant to which the Corporation or a successor corporation will have
authorized any securities having rights, preferences, privileges or preferences which are senior to the
rights of any of the Series A Preferred Stock;

(e) authorize or enter into any transaction or series of related transaction deemed
to be a Liquidation;

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -l1-
(f) authorize or enter into (1) a dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
including any transaction set forth in Section 3(d), or (2) any transaction or series of related
transactions to which the Corporation is party whereby the holders of the voting securities of the
Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such transaction(s) do not continue to retain (either by
such voting securities remaining outstanding or by such voting securities being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity), as a result of shares in the Corporation held by such holders prior
to such transaction, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting
securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction
or series of transactions (other than any sale of stock for capital raising purposes) (such transactions
contemplated in clauses (1) and (2) hereof, a “Sale Event’);

(g) increase or decrease the size of the Board of Directors;

(h) declare, pay or make any Distribution with respect to the Preferred Stock,
Common Stock or other capital stock of the Corporation;

(i) increase the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance in
connection with a stock option or restricted stock plan to a number greater than 7,200,000 shares (the
“Stock Plan Limit’), or, without the approval of the Board of Directors, including both Series A
Directors, issue any shares of Common Stock, or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of Common Stock, to employees, consultants, directors or officers of the Corporation,
directly or pursuant to stock grants, option plans, purchase plans, agreements or any other employee
stock incentive program or arrangement where the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
subject to such issuances exceeds the Stock Plan Limit; provided, further, that if the Company issues
shares of capital stock of the Company that are not convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for
shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be subject to this sub paragraph (i) and each share shall
be counted as one share of Common Stock towards the Stock Plan Limit;

(j) file any registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

(k) take any other action, including without limitation by way of merger, business
combination, recapitalization, reincorporation or other corporate transaction or series of related
transactions, the consummation of which would have substantially the same effect of any of the
foregoing.

8. Reissuance of Preferred Stock. In the event that any shares of Preferred Stock shall
be converted pursuant to Section 4 or otherwise repurchased by the Corporation, the shares so
converted or repurchased shall be cancelled and shall not be issuable by this Corporation.

9. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this ARTICLE IV to be given to
the holders of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s address appearing on the books of
the Corporation.

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -12-
ARTICLE V
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless a stockholder demands election by
written ballot at the meeting and before voting begins or unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall
so provide.

ARTICLE VII

Unless otherwise set forth herein, the number of directors which constitute the Board of
Directors of the Corporation shall be determined in the manner set forth in the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

ARTICLE VIII

To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, or any other
applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall
not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any action
taken, or any failure to take any action, as a director. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is
amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article VIII to authorize corporate action further
eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the
Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General
Corporation Law as so amended.

The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the
Delaware General Corporation Law, or any other applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter
be amended, any director or officer of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be
made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (a “Proceeding”) by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for
whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the
Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or
agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity,
including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and
expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. The
Corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by
such person only if the Proceeding was authorized by the Board.

The Corporation shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent
permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, or any other applicable law, as the same exists
or may hereafter be amended, any employee or agent of the Corporation who was or is made or is
threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that
he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was an employee or agent
of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -13-
profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss
suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding.

Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the adoption of any provision of this
Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this
Article in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim accruing or arising or
that, but for this Article, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an
inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE IX

Except as provided in Article IV above, the Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter,
change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject
to this reservation.

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic.fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC -14-
The undersigned hereby certifies, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
Delaware, that the matters set forth in this certificate are true and correct of his own knowledge.

Executed at Campbell, California, on December 19, 2007
/s/ Dean Drako

Dean Drako, President and Chief Executive
Officer

C:\Documents and Settings\dominic. fanelli\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK5\4090610_1.DOC
S$V\483824.2
