State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 08:28 AM 01/05/2007

FILED 08:28 BM 01/05/2007 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
SRV 070013265 ~ 3880725 FILE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

BAYNOTE, INC.

The undersigned, Jack Jia and David Lee, hereby certify that: ~

1. They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
Baynote, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was originally filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware on November 12, 2004.

3. The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation shal! be amended and restated
to read in full as follows:

ARTICLE I
“The name of this corporation is Baynote, Inc. (the “Corporation’’),
ARTICLE II

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is
2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, New Castle, County of New Castle, 19808. The name of its
registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

{

ARTICLE HI

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) Classes of Stock, The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares
which the Corporation is authorized to issue is Twenty Three Million Thirty One Thousand Nine
Hundred Fifty Two (23,031,952) shares, each with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Fourteen
Million Six Hundred Thousand (14,600,000) shares shall be Common Stock and Eight Million
Four Hundred Thirty One Thousand Nine Hundred Fifty Two (8,431,952) shares shall be
Preferred Stock.

(B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock
authorized by this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Restated
Certificate”) may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The first series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Four Million Eight
Hundred Thirty One Thousand Nine Hundred Fifty Two (4,831,952) shares. The second series

OHS West:260144276.5
15921-8
of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist of Three
Million Six Hundred Thousand (3,600,000) shares. The rights, preferences, privileges, and
restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock
are as set forth below in this Article [V(B). The Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock are together referred to herein as “Preferred Stock.”

1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally
available therefor, on a pari passu basis and prior and in preference to any declaration or
payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights
convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock of the Corporation, provided that an adjustment to the respective Conversion
Price (as defined below) of such other securities or rights has been made in accordance with
Section 4(d)(ii) below) on the Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of $0.0762 and
$0.2413 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like) per
annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock,
respectively, payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation (the “Board of Directors”). Such dividends shall not be cumulative. After payment
of such dividends, any additional dividends shall be distributed among the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number of
shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming conversion of all Preferred Stock
into Common Stock).

2. Liquidation.

(a) Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, on a pari passu basis and prior and in
preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common
Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to $0.952 and $3.0168 per
share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like) for each share of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock then held by them, respectively, plus
declared but unpaid dividends on such share. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets
and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid
preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series

B Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled
to receive.

(b) Remaining Assets. Upon the completion of the distributions required
by Section 2(a) above, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to
stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of the Common Stock pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock held by each such holder.

OHS West:260144276.5 2
15921-8
(c) Certain Acquisitions.

(i) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 2, a
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to occur if the
Corporation shall sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property or
business, or merge with or into or consolidate with any other corporation, limited liability
company or other entity (other than a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation), or grant an
exclusive license to the Corporation’s primary products or other primary assets (including its
primary intellectual property) (any such transaction, a “Liquidation Transaction”), provided that
none of the following shall be considered a Liquidation Transaction: (i) a merger effected
exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation, (ii) a bona fide equity
financing, (iii) a transaction in which the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to
the transaction own more than 50% of the voting power of the surviving corporation following

’ the transaction (so long as the relative ownership among such stockholders remains substantially
unchanged) or (iv) notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary any such transaction not
deemed to be a Liquidation Transaction by the consent of the holders of a majority of the shares
of Preferred Stock then outstanding.

(ii) Valuation of Consideration. In the event of a deemed
liquidation as described in Section 2(c)(i) above, if the consideration received by the Corporation
is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued
as follows:

(A) Securities not subject to investment letter or other
similar restrictions on free marketability:

(1) _ If traded on a securities exchange or The
Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the value shall be based on a formula approved by the Board
of Directors and derived from the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or Nasdaq
over a specified time period;

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value
shall be based on a formula approved by the Board of Directors and derived from the closing bid
or sales prices (whichever is applicable) of such securities over a specified time period; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value
shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to
investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely
by virtue of a stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an
appropriate discount from the market value determined as specified above in Section 2(c)(ii)(A)
to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(iii) Notice of Liquidation Transaction. The Corporation
shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of any impending Liquidation
Transaction not later than 10 days prior to the stockholders’ meeting called to approve such

OHS West:260144276.5 3
15921-8
Liquidation Transaction, or 10 days prior to the closing of such Liquidation Transaction,
whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such
Liquidation Transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and
conditions of the impending Liquidation Transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the
Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. Unless
such notice requirements are waived, the Liquidation Transaction shall not take place sooner
than 10 days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than 10
days after the Corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Restated Certificate, all notice periods or
requirements in this Restated Certificate may be shortened or waived, either before or after the
action for which notice is required, upon the written consent of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class, not
as separate series) that are entitled to such notice rights.

(iv) Effect of Noncompliance. In the event the requirements of
this Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing
of the Liquidation Transaction to be postponed until the requirements of this Section 2 have been
complied with, or cancel such Liquidation Transaction, in which event the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as
such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the
first notice referred to in Section 2(c)(ili).

3. Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), each share of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder
thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or
any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock as is determined by dividing (i) $0.952 in the case of Series A Preferred Stock,
and (ii) $3.0168 in the case of Series B Preferred Stock, by the Conversion Price applicable to
such share, determined as hereafter provided, in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered
for conversion, The initial Conversion Price per share shall be $0.952 for shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and $3.0168 for shares of Series B Preferred Stock. Such initial Conversion
Prices shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 4(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the
Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) except as
provided below in Section 4(c), the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a firm
commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the public offering price of which is
not less than $9.0504 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and
the like) and which results in aggregate cash proceeds to the Corporation of more than
$25,000,000 (net of underwriting discounts and commissions) or (ii) the date specified by written

OHS West:260144276.5 4°
15921-8
consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock (voting together as a single class, not as separate series, and on an as-converted basis),
provided that, in the event that such conversion is being effected in connection with a
Liquidation Transaction with aggregate proceeds to the Corporation or its stockholders of less
than $42,000,000, the conversion of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4(b)(ii)
shall require the written consent or agreement of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series B Preferred Stock (voting as a separate class).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such Preferred Stock into shares of
Common Stock, the holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed,
at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and
shall give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to
convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates
for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or
nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares
of such series of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as
the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion
is in connection with an underwritten public offering of securities registered pursuant to the
Securities Act the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering such Preferred Stock for
conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering, in which event any persons entitled to receive Common Stock upon
- conversion of such Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock
until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Issuance of Additional Stock below Purchase Price. If
the Corporation should issue, at any time after the filing date of the Restated Certificate (the
“Filing Date”), any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Conversion Price for such series
in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically be adjusted as set forth in
this Section 4(d)(i), unless otherwise provided in this Section 4(d)(i).

(A) Adjustment Formula, Whenever the Conversion
Price for any series of Preferred Stock is adjusted pursuant to this Section (4)(d)(i), the new
Conversion Price for such series shall be determined by multiplying the Conversion Price for
such series then in effect by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the “Outstanding Common”)
plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the

OHS West:260144276.5 5
15921-8
Corporation for such issuance would purchase at such Conversion Price; and (y) the denominator
of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common plus the number of shares of
such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation, the term “Outstanding
Common” shall include shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)
below.

(B) Definition of “Additional Stock”. For purposes of
this Section 4(d)(i), ‘Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)()(E)) by the Corporation after the Filing
Date) other than

(1) Capital stock issued or deemed issued
pursuant to subsection 4(d)(i)(A) as a result of a decrease in the Conversion Price;

(2) Capital stock issued pursuant to stock
dividends, stock splits or similar transactions, as described in Section 4(d)(ii) hereof;

(3) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation directly or pursuant to a stock option
plan, restricted stock plan or agreement approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

(4) Capital stock, or options or warrants to
purchase capital stock, issued to financial institutions or lessors in connection with commercial
credit arrangements, equipment financings, commercial property lease transactions or similar
transactions that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business
relationship with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors (including at least one
director elected by the holders of Preferred Stock);

(5) Shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock
issuable upon exercise of warrants outstanding as of the Filing Date;

(6) Capital stock, or warrants or options to
purchase capital stock, issued in connection with bona fide acquisitions, mergers or similar
transactions, the terms of which are approved by the Board of Directors (including at least one
director elected by the holders of Preferred Stock);

(7) | Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock outstanding as of the Filing Date;

(8) Shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
in a public offering prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock will be converted to Common Stock;

(9) Capital stock issued or issuable to an entity
as a component of any business relationship with such entity for the purpose of (A) joint venture,
technology licensing or development activities, (B) distribution, supply or manufacture of the
Corporation’s products or services or (C) any other arrangements involving corporate partners
that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital, the terms of which business relationship

OHS West:260144276.5 6
15921-8
with such entity are approved by the Board of Directors (including at least one director elected
by the holders of Preferred Stock); and

(10) Shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock
issued or issuable with the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of
any series of Preferred Stock subject to anti-dilution adjustment in connection with such
issuance, voting as a separate class, so long as the effect of such consent as a waiver of anti-
dilution rights by such series of Preferred Stock is disclosed to the stockholders.

(C) NoFractional Adjustments. No adjustment of the
Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall be made in
an amount less than one cent per share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to
be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account
in any subsequent adjustment made prior to three years from the date of the event giving rise to
the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of three years from the date of
the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward.

(D) Determination of Consideration. In the case of
the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of
cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses
allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof. In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be
deemed to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) Deemed Issuances of Common Stock. In the case —
of the issuance (whether before, on or after the Filing Date) of securities or rights convertible
into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common

Stock (the “Common Stock Equivalents”), the following provisions shall apply for all purposes
of this Section 4(d)(i):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion, exchange or exercise (assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability, including, without
limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential anti-dilution
adjustments) of any Common Stock Equivalents and subsequent conversion, exchange or
exercise thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or
such Common Stock Equivalents were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration,
if any, received by the Corporation for any such securities and related Common Stock
Equivalents (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends),
plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Corporation (without
taking into account potential anti-dilution adjustments) upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents (the consideration in each case to be determined in
the manner provided in Section 4(d)(i)(D).

OHS West:260144276.5 7
15921-8
(2) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
conversion, exchange or exercise of any Common Stock Equivalents, other than a change
resulting from the anti-dilution provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of any series of
Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such Common Stock
Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made
for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(3) | Upon the termination or expiration of the
convertibility, exchangeability or exercisability of any Common Stock Equivalents, the
Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such Common Stock Equivalents, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and Common Stock Equivalents that remain
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) actually issued upon the conversion, exchange or
exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents.

(4) The number of shares of Common Stock
deemed issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)(1) shall
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in
either Section 4(d)(i)(E)(2) or 4(d)(i)(E)(3).

(F) NoIncreased Conversion Price. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section (4)(d)(i), except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(d)@)(E)(2) and 4(d)(@)(E)(3), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section
4(d)(i} shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price i in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

ii) Stock Splits and Dividends. In the event the Corporation
should at any time after the Filing Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of .
Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including
the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date
is fixed), the Conversion Price of each of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred
Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable.
on conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the
aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such”
Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock

Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in
Section ADOE).

(iii) Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding at any time after the Filing Date is decreased by a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the

OHS West:260144276,5 . 8
15921-8
Conversion Price for each of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock shall
be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion
of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding
shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred
to in Section 4(d)(i) or 4(d)(ii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4(e), the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a
proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the holders of the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of Preferred Stock are
convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of
the Corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a
tecapitatization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale
of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 4 or in Section 2) provision shall be
made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall
thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of such Preferred Stock the number of shares of
stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization.
In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this
Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of such Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment of the
Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of such
Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

(g) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

{i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of
any share or shares of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, and the number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. The
number of shares issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total
number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock the holder is at the time
converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
aggregate conversion. If the conversion would result in any fractional share, the Corporation
shall, in lieu of issuing any such fractional share, pay the holder thereof an amount in cash equal
to the fair market value of such fractional share on the date of conversion, as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors. .

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of
the Conversion Price of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Section 4, the Corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of such
Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the

OHS West:260144276.5 9
15921-8 :
written request at any time of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred
Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such
adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock at the
time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other
property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of a share of such series of
Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date, In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to
the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for
the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such
dividend, distribution or right.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from
time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of such series of
Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of such series
of Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such
Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging
in best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this
Restated Certificate.

(j) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 to be
given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United
States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address appearing on
the books of the Corporation.

5. Voting Rights.

(a) Voting Rights. Except as expressly provided by this Restated
Certificate or as provided by law, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock shall have the same voting rights as the holders of Common Stock and shall be entitled to
notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and the
holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters. -
Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock
held, and each holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of
Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock could be converted. Fractional votes shall

OHS West:260144276.5 10
15921-8 :
not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights available on an as-converted basis
(after aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be
converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

(b) Voting for Election of Directors. As long as 1,000,000 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock originally issued remain outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reclassification and the like), the holders of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to elect two directors of the Corporation at any election of directors. As long as
1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock of the Company originally issued remain
outstanding (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the
holders of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect one director of
the Corporation at any election of directors. The holders of outstanding Common Stock shall be
entitled to elect one director of the Corporation at any election of directors. The holders of
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock (voting together as a
single class and not as separate series) shall be entitled to elect any remaining directors of the
Corporation. The Board of Directors shall consist of six members.

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 223(a)(1) and 223(a)(2) of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, any vacancy, including newly created directorships resulting from any
increase in the authorized number of directors or amendment of this Restated Certificate, and
vacancies created by removal or resignation of a director, may be filled by a majority of the
directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and the
directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are
duly elected and shall qualify, unless sooner displaced; provided, however, that where such
vacancy occurs among the directors elected by the holders of a class or series of stock, the
holders of shares of such class or series shall fill such vacancy by voting for their own designee
to fill such vacancy at a meeting of the Company’s stockholders or written consent, if the
consenting stockholders hold a sufficient number of shares to elect their designee at a meeting of —
the stockholders. Any director may be removed during his or her term of office, either with or
without cause, by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of the class or
series of stock entitled to elect such director or directors, given either at a special meeting of such
stockholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a written consent of stockholders, and
any vacancy thereby created may be filled by the holders of that class or series of stock
represented at the meeting or pursuant to written consent.

6. Protective Provisions.

(a) So long as at least 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like), the Corporation shall
not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by
vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class and on an as-converted basis:

Gj) effect a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation or a Liquidation Transaction;

OHS West:260144276.5 11
15921 -8
(ii) amend the Restated Certificate or the Corporation’s
Bylaws;

(iii) increase or decrease the size of the Corporation’s Board of
Directors;

(iv) declare or pay any dividends on any shares of Common
Stock (other than dividends payable in additional shares of Common Stock and for which
appropriate adjustment is made) or any series of Preferred Stock;

(Vv) effect an initial public offering of the Corporation’ s
Common Stock;

(vi) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any other
equity security, including any security (other than Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred
Stock) convertible into or exercisable for any equity security, having a preference over, or being
on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock with respect to voting
(other than the pari passu voting rights of Common Stock), dividends, redemption, conversion or
upon Fiquidation; or

(vii) | redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set
funds aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or
Common Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of
shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons
performing services for the Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which
the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than cost upon the
occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment, or through the exercise of
any right of first refusal.

(b) The Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or
otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law)
of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as
a separate class:

(i) materially alter or change the rights, preferences or
privileges of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

(ii) increase or decrease (other than by conversion of Preferred
Stock in accordance with the provisions of this Restated Certificate) the total number of
authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock;

(iii) _ authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any equity
security (A) having a preference over the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to voting (other
than the pari passu voting rights of Common Stock under applicable law), dividends, redemption,
conversion.or upon liquidation or (B) convertible into or exercisable for shares of Series A.
Preferred Stock; or

OHS West:260144276.5 12
1592]-8
(iv) amend the Restated Certificate or the Corporation’s Bylaws
so as to affect adversely the shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

(c) The Corporation shall not (by amendment, merger, consolidation or
otherwise) without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law)
of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as
a separate class:

(i) materially alter or change the rights, preferences or
privileges of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock;

(ii) increase or decrease (other than by conversion of Preferred
Stock in accordance with the provisions of this Restated Certificate) the total number of
authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock;

iii) — authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any equity
security (A) having a preference over the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to voting (other
than the pari passu voting rights of Common Stock under applicable law), dividends, redemption,
conversion or upon liquidation or (B) convertible into or exercisable for shares of Series B
Preferred Stock; or

(iv) amend the Restated Certificate or the Corporation’s Bylaws
so as to affect adversely the shares of Series B Preferred Stock.

7. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled and
shall not be issuable by the Corporation. This Restated Certificate shall be appropriately
amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

(C) Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, or the occurrence of a Liquidation Transaction, the assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of Article IV(B).

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

; 4. Voting Rights. Each holder of Common Stock shall have the right to one
vote per share of Common Stock, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law. The number of authorized shares of Common
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then

OHS West:260144276.5 3
15921-8
outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation
representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware
General Corporation Law.

_ ARTICLE V

Subject to Article IV(B)(6) of this Restated Certificate, the Board of Directors of the
Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the |
Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

In connection with repurchases by the Corporation of its Common Stock from
employees, officers, directors, advisors, consultants or other persons performing services for this
corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the Corporation has the option
to repurchase such shares at cost upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination
of employment, Sections 502 and 503 of the California Corporations Code shall not apply in all
or in part with respect to such repurchases.

ARTICLE VIII

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the
same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally
liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director.

(B) The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served
at any other enterprise as a director or officer at the request of the Corporation or any
predecessor to the Corporation.

(C) Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any
provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII,
shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter occurring, or any
action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VII, would accrue or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.”

OHS West:260144276.5 14
15921-8
The foregoing Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
adopted by this corporation’s Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with the
applicable provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. -

Executed at Los Altos Hills, California, on January 4, 2007.

fs/ Jack Jia
Jack Jia, President

/s/ David Lee
David Lee, Secretary

OHS West:260144276.5 15
15923-8
