State of Delaware
Secretary of State

Division of Corpo

rations

i d 06:46 PM 05/25/2005
PILED 05-34 EM 05/26/2005
SRV 050435531 - 3975846 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
BAZAARVOICE, INC.

ARTICLE I
The name of the corporation is Bazaarvoice, Inc. (the “Company”).
ARTICLE II

The address of the Company’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 271]
Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19808. The name of its
registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE Ili

corporations may be organized under the Genera] Corporation Law of Delaware as the same
exists or may hereafter be amended.

ARTICLE IV

This Company is authorized to issue one class of shares to be designated Common Stock.
The total number of Shares of Common Stock the Company has authority to issue is 10,000,000
with par value of $0.0001] per share.

ARTICLE V

The name of the icorporator is Bryan Barksdale, and the mailing address of the
incorporator is 89] | Capital of Texas Highway North, Suite 3350, Austin, Texas 78759,

ARTICLE VI
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by Statute, the board of
directors of the Company is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the bylaws of
the Company.
ARTICLE VII

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the
bylaws of the Company.

ARTICLE VII
not be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for any action
taken, or any failure to take any action, as a director.

threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding’) by reason of the fact that he or
She, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Company or is or was Serving at the request of the Company as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture,
trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans,
against all hability and loss suffered and €xpenses reasonably incurred by such person in
connection with any such Proceeding. The Company shall be required to indemnify a person in
connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person only if the Proceeding was authorized by
the Board.

The Company shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent
permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, or any other applicable law, as the same
exists or may hereafter be amended, any employee or agent of the Company who was or is made
or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by reason of the
fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal Tepresentative, is or was an
employee or agent of the Company or is or was Serving at the request of the Company as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture,
trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans,
against all lability and loss suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in
connection with any such Proceeding,

this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article, shall eliminate or reduce the effect
of this Article in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim accruing or
arising or that, but for this Article, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or
adoption of an inconsistent provision,

ARTICLE IX
Except as provided in Article VIII above, the Company reserves the right to amend, alter,
change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now
or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all nights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted
subject to this reservation.

[Signature page follows. ]

3069538 1.DOC -2-
I, the undersigned, as
of Incorporation of Bazaarvo

3069538 _1.D0C

the sole incorporator of the

Company, have signed this Certificate
ice, Inc. on May 25, 2005.

/s/ Bryan Barksdale
Bryan Barksdale,

Incorporator

-3-
