State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 10:20 AM 02/29/2012
FILED 10:15 AM 02/29/2012
SRV 120249205 - 3975846 FILE

BAZAARVOICE, INC.
AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

Bazaarvoice, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:

A. The name of the corporation is Bazaarvoice, Inc. The corporation’s original
Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 25,
2005. The original Certificate of Incorporation has been subsequently amended at various times,
most recently on August 25, 2011.

B. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
“DGCL”), and has been duly approved by the written consent of the stockholders of the corporation
in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL.

C. The Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation is hereby amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of the corporation is Bazaarvoice, Inc.
ARTICLE II

The address of the corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 271] Centerville
Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware 19808. The name of
its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE II

The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the DGCL.

ARTICLE IV

The total number of shares of stock that the corporation shall have authority to issue is
160,000,000, consisting of the following:

150,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Each share of Common
Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting
of stockholders.

10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which may be issued from
time to time in one or more series pursuant to a resolution or resolutions providing for such issue

5454361, 2 DOCX
duly adopted by the Board of Directors (authority to do so being hereby expressly vested in the
Board of Directors). The Board of Directors is further authorized, subject to Jimitations prescribed by
law, to fix by resolution or resolutions the designations, powers, preferences and rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock,
including without limitation authority to fix by resolution or resolutions the dividend rights, dividend
rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund
provisions), redemption price or prices, and liquidation preferences of any such series, and the
number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of the foregoing.

The Board of Directors ts further authorized to increase (but not above the total number of
authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of any such series
then outstanding) the number of shares of any series, the number of which was fixed by it,
subsequent to the issuance of shares of such series then outstanding, subject to the powers,
preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof stated in the
Certificate of Incorporation or the resolution of the Board of Directors originally fixing the number
of shares of such series. If the number of shares of any series is so decreased, then the shares
constituting such decrease shal] resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the
resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series.

ARTICLE V

The number of directors that constitutes the entire Board of Directors of the corporation shall
be fixed by, or in the manner provided in, the Bylaws of the corporation. At each annual meeting of
stockholders, directors of the corporation shall be elected to hold office until the expiration of the
term for which they are elected and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified or
until their earlier resignation or removal; except that if any such election shall not be so held, such
election shall take place at a stockholders’ meeting called and held in accordance with the DGCL.

Effective upon the effective date of the corporation’s initial public offering (the “Effective
Date”), the directors of the corporation shal] be divided into three classes as nearly equal in size as is
practicable, hereby designated Class I, Class IJ and Class II. The Board of Directors may assign
members of the Board of Directors already in office to such classes at the time such classification
becomes effective. The term of office of the initial Class I directors shall expire at the first regularly-
scheduled annual meeting of the stockholders following the Effective Date, the term of office of the
initial Class If directors shall expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders following the
Effective Date and the term of office of the initial Class Ill directors shall expire at the third annual
meeting of the stockholders following the Effective Date. At each annual meeting of stockholders,
commencing with the first regularly-scheduled annual meeting of stockholders following the
Effective Date, each of the successors elected to replace the directors of a Class whose term shall
have expired at such annual meeting shall be elected to hold office until the third annual meeting
next succeeding his or her election and until his or her respective successor shall have been duly
elected and qualified.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each director shall serve until his or
her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her death, resignation, or removal. If the
number of directors is hereafter changed, any newly created directorships or decrease in directorships

5454361 2.DOCX -2-
shall be so apportioned among the classes as to make all classes as nearly equal in number as is
practicable, provided that no decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors
shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Any director may be removed from office by the stockholders of the corporation only for
cause, Vacancies occurring on the Board of Directors for any reason and newly created directorships
resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled only by vote of a
majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although less than a quorum, or by a
sole remaining director, at any meeting of the Board of Directors. A person so elected by the Board
of Directors to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until the next election of
the class for which such director shall have been chosen and until his or her successor shall be duly
elected and qualified.

ARTICLE VI

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors
of the corporation is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation.

ARTICLE VII

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the corporation shall
so provide.

ARTICLE VIII

No action shall be taken by the stockholders of the corporation except at an annual or special
meeting of the stockholders called in accordance with the Bylaws, and no action shall be taken by the
stockholders by written consent.

ARTICLE IX

To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it presently exists or may hereafter be
amended from time to time, a director of the corporation shall not be personally liable to the
corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If the
DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability
of directors, then the liability of a director of the corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the
fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended.

The corporation shall have the power to indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, any director or officer of the corporation who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative (a “Proceeding”) by reason of the fact that he or she is or
was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against
expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and

5454361 2.DOCX -3-
reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. The corporation may
be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person only if
the Proceeding was authorized by the Board.

The corporation shall have the power to indemnify, to the extent permitted by the DGCL, as
it presently exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time, any employee or agent of the
corporation who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding by reason of
the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was
serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to
employee benefit plans, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such
Proceeding.

Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article IX, nor the adoption of any provision of this
corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article IX, shall eliminate or reduce
the effect of this Article IX in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or
proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article [X, would accrue or arise, prior to such
amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE X

Except as provided in Article IX above, the corporation reserves the right to amend, alter,
change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject
to this reservation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, and in
addition to any other vote that may be required by law or the terms of any series of Preferred Stock,
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 667%5% of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class, shall be required to amend, alter or repeal, or adopt any provision as part of
this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with the purpose and intent of, Article IV, Article V,
Article VI, Article VII, Article VIII or this Article X (including, without limitation, any such Article
as renumbered as a result of any amendment, alteration, change, repeal or adoption of any other
Article).

5454361_2.DOCX ~4-
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Bazaarvoice, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation on this
29th day of February 2012.

By:  /s/ Brett A. Hurt
Brett A. Hurt
Chief Executive Officer
