12/23/2064 68:53 14887357737 BBRIDGE n Q: 32 Li!

43 PAGE @2

| 2212297 ate ALED

of the State of Calfornss
AMENDED AND RESTATED DEC 23 2004
Or Carr
B-B NTE NAL, INC. <EVIN La Gis,

‘The undersigned certify that:

I. They are Chief Executive Officer and Secretary. respectively. of B-Bridge
Imemational, Inc. a California corporation (1his ~“Corporation”).

te

The Articles of Incorporation of this Corporation are amended and restate?
to read as follows:

“ft.
‘the name of this Corporation is B-Bridge International, Inc.
tl.

The purpose of tre Corporation is to engage i7 any Jawful act or aczivity for which a
corpuration may be organ’zed under the General Corporation Law of Califomia other than
hank.ng business. the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations C ode.

MY.

This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares. 10 be designated,
respectively. Common Stock and Preferred Stock The total aumber of shares of Common Stock
that the Corporation is authorized to issue is Thins Million (30.000.060). The total number cof
shares of Preterred Stock that tre Corporation is authorized to issue Pwo Million (2.000,000).
The first Series of Preferred Sock shall de designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shal:
cons:st of [wo Millon (2.000.000) shares.

Iv.
The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:
Dividends.

ia The holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shal! be entiied to
fete ve. OL Ot any assets at the Ume legally available therefor. c1. dends in an amount ecuai tc
£0 i2 per shar. per annum {the “Dividenc Rae”). when and if declared by the Corporation’ >
boare of direci ots. M0 dividend shall be made with respect tu the Common Stock in any seai
“mul all cec:ared dividends on the Preferred Stock for such vear ita: bees paid oF set aside “or
payment te the Prelerred Stock hoiders. Tre right to rece.ve dividends on shares of Preferrec
Scud shali not be cumulanve and ro mpht to suva cuideags shall secre’ to elders of Preferree
* th «> reason ofthe tact that dis:cends 07 said shares are no: deciared of paid in ans calenaar
wi?
12/23/2864 66:59 14837357737 BBRIDGE PAGE

(b) As authorized by Section 402. 5(c) of the California Corporations Code, if
Section $02 w Seciion 503 of the Califomia Corporations Code is applicable to a payment made
by the Corporation thea such applicabie section cr sections shall not apply if such payment is a
payment made by the Corporation in conection with (i) repurchases of Common Stock issucd ‘0
or held by employecs, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporaiton or its subsidiaries
upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the nzht
of said repurchase. (ii) repurchases of Commen Stock issued 10 or held by employees, officers.
directors of consultans of the Corporation or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal
contained in agreements providing for suct. righi. (iii} repurchases of Common Stock or
Preferred Siock in connection with the settlement of disputes with any shareholder cr (iv) any
other repurchase or redemption of Common Stock or Preferred Stock approved by the holders of
Preterred Stock of the Corporation.

(a) In the event of anv liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.
enther voluniary or involuntary. the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive.
prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation tuo the holders
of the Comenon Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share for each
share of Preterred Stock held by them equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Preference and
(i) al! declared but unpeid dividends (if any) on such share of Preferred Stock. The Liquidation
Preference for Series A Preferred Stock shall initially be set at $2.00 per share. If ug0n the
liquidation. dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. the assets of the Corporation Jegal!+
available for dsstribution to the holders of the Preferred Stock ‘ve insufficient to permit the
pa> meri to such holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 2(a), then the entire asse.:
of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equa! priority and
pro ria among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts thes would
otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Secz10n 21a)

(>) After the payment or settine aside for payment to the holders of Preferred
Stock of the full amounts specified in Section 2(a) above, the entire remaining assets of the
Corporatcn legally available for distribution shall be distributed pro rata 10 holders of the
Common Stock of the Corporatior :r proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock heid
by them

(c) Shares of Pretesred Stock shali sot be entitied to be con, erted into shares 0°
Commer Stock in order to participate in any diszr;action. or series of distributions, as shares of
Caminon Stock. without first foregoing participation in the distribution. or series of distributions,
as shares of Preferred Stock.

(d)} For pursoses of this Section 2, a liquidazion, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation shall be deemed io be occasioned by, oF to include. (i) the acquisition of the
Cormoration by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions to
which the Corporation :s party (including. withou: imitation. ans stock acquisition,
reorganization. merero. corsoligation but excluding ans sale of stock for capite! raising

oa, Sr ey

83
12/23/2004 83:59 14887357737 BBRIDGE PAGE

) other than a transaction or series of transactions in which the holders of the voting
securities of the Corporation outstandiag immediate!y prior to such transaction continue to retain
{either bv such voting securities remaining outstanding or by such voting securities being
converted into voting securities of the surviving entity). as a result of shares in the Corporation
held by such holders prior to such transaction. al least fifty percent (50%) of the toul voting
power represented by the voting securities of the Corporation or suz:) surviving entity
outstanding immediately after such transaction or series of transactions: {ii} a sale, ‘ease or other
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation: or (it!) any liquidation.
dissolution cr winding up of the Corporation. wirether voluntan or involuntary.

te) I any assets of the Corporation distributed to shareholders in connection with
any liquidation. dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation are other than cash, then the board
of directors shall be empowered to. and shal! promptly determine the value of the assets to be
distributed to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock. The Corporation
shal!. upon receipt of such determination, give prompt written notice of the determination to cach
bolder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock.

3. Conversion The hoiders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows:

(a) Riche 19 Conver. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the
option of the hoider thercof. at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of
the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock. into such number of fully-paid.
nonasscssabie shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original Issue Price of
such sharc of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price ai the time in effect for a share of such
scries of Preferred Stock. (The number of shares of Common Stock into which each share o°
Preferred Stock of a series may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the “Coaversion Rate™
for cach such scries.) The Original Issue Price per share of Sertes A Preferred Stock is $2.00.
The Conversion Price per share of Series A Preferred Stock initially shal! be $2.00, subject tc:
adjustment from time to time as provided below

(>) Aggomatic Conyersion. Each share of Preferred Stock shail automatically be
converted into fully-paid, non-assessabie shares of Common Stock ai the then effective
Conversion Rate for such share (i) immediaieh prior to the closing of a firm commitment
inderwriticn initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the
Securities Act of 1933. as amended (the “Securities Act”). covering the offer and sale of the
Corporation’ s Common Stock. or (ii} upon the consent of hotders of a majority of the Preferrec
Stock then outstanding. teach of the events referred to in (1) and (ii) are reterred to herein as an
“Automatic Coaversion Eveat’).

(c} Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In !eu of any fractional shares ta which the holder
would otherwise be ented. the Corporation shai! pay casa equal to such fraction multiplied by
the then fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the board of directors.
For such purpose. all shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock shal! be
aggregated. and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be pard in cash. Befors
any holder of Preterced stock shail he entitied to consent the same into full shares of Common

PA Mel Sst Is. x

a4
12/23/2004 62:59 14887357737 BBRIDGE PAGE

Stock, and Lo receive certificates therefor. he shall either (A) surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor. duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for
the Preferred Stock or (B) notify the Corpozat:on or its transfer avent that such certificates have
been lost. stolen or destroyed and execute an agreemen: satisfactory to the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation from any less incurred bv it in connection with such certificates, and
sha!! give written notice to the Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the same:
pepvided. however, that on the date of an Automatic Conversion Event, the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock shall be converted automaticalty without any further action by the holders of
such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the
Corporation or its iransfer agent, provided fysther, however, that the Corporation shal! not be
obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
Automatic Conversion Event uniess either the certificates evidencinu such shares of Preferred
Stock are delivered tc the Corporatio or its transfer agent as provided above, or the holder
notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent thai such certificates have been losi, stolen or
destroved and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the
Corporation trorn any floss incurred by it in connection with suci certificates. On the date of the
occurrence of an Automatic Conversion Event. each holder of record of shares of Preferred
Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion. notwithstanding thai the certificates representing such shares of Preferred Stock shal!
not have been surrendered ai the office of the Corporation. that notice from the Corporation sha!!
not have been received by any holder of record of shares of Preterred Stock. or that the
cenificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock shal! not then be actually delivered to such
holder. If the conversion is in connection with a public offering of sccurities described in
Section 3(b 1}. the conversion shall be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters af the
sale of securitics pursuant to such offering. and the convers:on shall not be deemed to have
occurred until immediately pctor to the closing of such sale of securities.

(6) Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock sha!! be
conserted pursuant to this Section 5. the shares so converted shall be canceled and shal! not be
Teissued by the Corpuraucn.

ie) Adjusumenis for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the
event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shal! be subdis ided (by stock split. by payment
of a stock dividend of otherwise). into a greater number of shares of Cominon Stock. the
Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such
subdivision shail. concurrently with the effecziveness of such subdivision. be proportionately
decreased. In the event the oustanding shares of Common Stock shal! be combined (by
reclassification cr otherwise) into a besser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion
Price of each serics of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to Such combination shail.
concurrent’. with the cfferciveness of such combination. be propertionaicls increased.

if Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preterned Stock. In the
event the vutsianding shares of Preferrec Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shail be subdis iced
its Stock split bs payment of a stuck div:dend or othensise). into a greater number of shares cf
Preterted Mock. the Dividend Rate. Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the
aftected ser:es uf Pretercec Stock in effect immmediate!y prior to such s.Sdivision shall,

es
12/23/2084 68:59 14887357737 BRR IDG PACE 86

concurrentiy with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the
event the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be combined
(by reckassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Dividend
Rate. Original issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the aftected series of Preferred Stock in
effect immediarely prior to such combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such

(2) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to
Section 2 above. if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be
changed into the smizz or a different number of shares of any other class or cissset of stock,
whether by capital reorganization. reclassification or otherwise (othe: than a subdivision or
combination of shares provided for above’, then. in any such event, in licu of the number of
shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive each
holder of such Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such shares of Preferred
Stock imto a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock which a he'der of the
number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Prererre?
Stock immodiately before that change wou!d have been entitled to receive in such reorganization
or rectassiiication, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other

oS.

(h) Certificate a5 to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant w this Section 3. the Corporation at its expense
shaii pronith compute such adjusumen of readjustment in accordance with the terms hereo! arid
furn:sh to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and show'ng in detail the facts upon which such adjusunent or readjustment is
based. The Corporation shall. upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred
Stock. furnish of cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such
adjustments and resdjusiments. (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number
of sharcs of Common Stock and the amount, if any. of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of Prefern:d Stock.

(1) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything hercir
10 :5€ Contrary. any downward adjustment cf the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred
Stock may be waived by the consent or vote of the holders of the maiority of the outs:anding
shares >f such series e:ther before or after the issuance causing the adjusiment.

(} Notices of Recorc Dave. In the event that this Corporation shali propose at
ary time:
fi} tc declare any distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in
cash, property. stock or oUncr securities whether cr not a rez alzr cash dividend and whether or
not Out Of carnings oF eamed surplus:

fi) to effect any reciassification or recapitalizaticn of its Common
Stock outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock: or

ral Iw win
12/23/2084 68:59 14887357737 BERRIDGE PAGE

(iit) to voluntarily liquidate or dissolve or lo enter into any transaction
deemed to be a liquidation. dissolution or winding up of the corporation pursuant to Section 2(d):

then, in connection with each such event, this Corporation shall send to the holders of the
Preferred Stock prior written notice of the dme on which a record shal! be taken for such
distribution (and specifying the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled
thereto and. if applicable. the amount anJ character of such distribution ) or for determining
rizhts to vote in respect of the matters referred to in (ii) and (ii!) above.

Such written notice shall be given by firs. class mail (or express courier), postage prepaid.

addressed to the holders of Preferred Stock at the address for each such holder as shown on the
books of the Corporation and shall be deemed given on the date such notice is mailed.

The notice provisions set forth in this section may be shortened or waived prospectively or
retrospectively by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock.
voting together as 3 singe class.

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. Tre Corporation shall at ail
times resecve and xccp avai!sble out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preterred Stock, such
number of its Shares of Common Stock as shal! from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outsta siding shares of the Preterred Stock: and if at anv time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Swock shall no: be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such cor, orate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock to such nurnber of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

(a) Resiricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressis provided herein or as
recuired by law. the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shail vote
toyether and not as seperate classes.

(b) No Szties Voting. Other then as provided herein or required by law. there
shali be no series voting.

(c) Preferred Stockh. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shures of
Preterred Stock held by such holder could be converted as of the record date for determination of
the shareholders enutled to vote. The holders of shares of the Preferred Stock shail be entitled to
vote on all matters on wh:ch the Common Stack shal: be ent.died to vote. Holders of Preferred
Stock shal! be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of
the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not. however. be permitted and any [ractional voting
rights resulting from the above formula fatter aggregating all shares into which shares of
Preterred Stock heid by each holder couid be converted), shail be disregarded.

DMD URT YoStare é

e7
12/23/2804 86:59 29087267737 BBRIDGE PAGE 08

(d) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shal! be entitled to
one vote for each share thereof held.

Vv.

The lability of the direciors of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated
10 the fuilest cxteat permissible undez Caiifomia law.

Vi.

The Corporation is authorized to provics indemnification of agents (as defined in Section
317 of the Genera! Corporation Law) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its shareholders
through bviaw provisions or through agreemenis with ils agents. or both, in excess of the
indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the General Corporation Law, subject to
the limits on such excess indemnification sai forth in Section 204 of the General Corporation
Law.”
12/23/2884 88:59

"ad

14887357737

BBRIDGE PAGE

The foregoing amendmem and restatement of Ariicics of Incorporation
has been duiy approved by the Board of Directors.

The foregoing amendment and restatcment of Aricies of Incorporation
has been duiy approved by the required vote of shareholders in accordance
with Secticn 902, Califomia Corporations Code. The total number of
outstanding shares of the Corporation is 9,481.000. The number of shares
voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required.
The percentage vote required was more than 50%.

We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that
the mailers set forth in this certificate are truc and correct of our own knowledge.

Date: December 2%. 2004

Chief Executive Officer

oN pf
Chriemi Ctasumoto

Secretary
