State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 04:36 PM 10/27/2006
FILED 04:33 PM 10/27/2006
SRV 060990935 - 4083276 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

BEAM, INC.

(Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)

Beam, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies as follows:

1. The name of the corporation is Beam, Inc. (the “Corporation”). The date of filing of
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware was December 29, 2005.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed on December 29, 2005 is
hereby amended, among other provisions, to amend Article First to change the name of the
Corporation to The Beam, Inc. and to amend Article Fourth to change the capitalization of the
Corporation by substituting in lieu of said Article Fourth as set forth in the Restated Certificate of
Incorporation below.

3. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends, restates and
integrates the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of said Corporation and has been duly
adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware.

4, The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated to read in
full as follows:

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

THE BEAM, INC.

FIRST: The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the Corporation”) is
THE BEAM, INC.
SECOND: The address, mcluding street, number, city, and county, of the registered office
of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of

Wilmington, County of New Castle; and the name of the registered agent of the Corporation in the
State of Delaware is Corporation Service Company.

THIRD: The nature of the business to be conducted and the purposes of the Corporation are

to engage in any lawful act or activity or carry on any business for which corporations may be
organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any successor statute.

FOURTH:
A. DESIGNATION AND NUMBER OF SHARES.

The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have the
authority to issue is Sixteen Million Fifty Two Thousand Seven Hundred Ninety Seven
(16,052,797) shares, which shall consist of two classes of stock as follows:

Common Stock, $.001 par value (“Common Stock”) 11,000,000
Preferred Stock, $.001 par value (“Preferred Stock”) 5,052,797

The Preferred Stock shall consist of one series as follows:

Series A Preferred Stock, $.001 par value (“Series A Preferred 5,052,797
Stock”)

B. COMMON STOCK. The powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations
and restrictions of the shares of the Common Stock are as follows:

1. General. The voting, dividend, liquidation and other rights of the holders of
the Common Stock are expressly made subject to and qualified by the rights of the holders of the

Series A Preferred Stock.
2

2. Voting Rights. The holders of record of the Common Stock are entitled to
one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by the Corporation's stockholders. The number of
authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of
shares thereof outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the capital stock
of this Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the
General Corporation Law.

3. Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock
from funds lawfully available therefor if, as and when determined by the Board of Directors in their
sole discretion, subject to provisions of law, the provisions of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended from time to time and the relative rights and preferences of any shares of
Series A Preferred Stock authorized, issued and outstanding hereunder.

4, Liquidation. Upon the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of record of the Common Stock will be
entitled to receive assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders subject to
and in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 of Article IV(C) hereof.

C. SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK.

The powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividends.

(a) Dividends and Payments. The hojders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets legally available therefor,
prior to and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in
Common Stock or other securities or rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to
receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the
Common Stock of the Corporation, at the rate of seven percent (7%) of the Original Issue Price (as
defined in Section 1(b) below) per share of the Series A Preferred Stock per annum, payable only
when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The right to receive
dividends on Preferred Stock shali not be cumulative. The Corporation shall not declare or pay
any cash dividends on shares of Common Stock until holders of Series A Preferred Stock then
outstanding shall have first received a dividend at the rate specified in this Section 1. Further, no
dividend or other distribution (other than a stock dividend giving rise to an adjustment under
Section 5 hereof) will be paid, declared or set apart for payment in respect of any share of
Common Stock unless a dividend is declared and paid in respect of each outstanding share of -
Series A Preferred Stock in an amount at least equal to the product of (i) the amount of dividends
to be paid, declared or set apart for each share of Common Stock multiplied by (ii) the number of
shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock is then convertible pursuant to
Section 5. The holders of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock can waive any
dividend preference that such holders shall be entitled to receive under this Section 1(a) upon the
affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of Series A

3

Preferred Stock then outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, upon conversion of
the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5, all accrued and unpaid dividends on such shares
of Series A Preferred Stock to and until the date of conversion shall be forfeited and shall not be
due and payable.

(b) Original Issue Price. The applicable “Original Issue Price” for
the Series A Preferred Stock shall be $1.0280 (such amount to be subject to proportionate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event affecting the Series A Preferred Stock).

2. Liquidation, Dissolution, or Winding-Up.

(a) Distributions to Holders of Preferred Stock. In the event of any
liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary
(each such event being hereinafter referred to as a “Liquidation Event”) or a Deemed Liquidation
Event (as defined below), the holders of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be
entitled to receive, prior to and in preference to any distribution of the proceeds of such
Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event to the holders of Common Stock by reason of
their ownership thereof, an amount per share of Series A Preferred Stock (its “Liquidation
Value”) equal to the sum of (A) the Original Issue Price of such share {such amount to be subject
to proportionate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares,
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event affecting the Series A
Preferred Stock and occurring after the date of filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation), plus (B) an amount equal to the aggregate of all dividends declared but unpaid in
respect of such share of Series A Preferred Stock.

If, upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event or a Deemed Liquidation
Event, the assets and funds to be distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full Liquidation Value, then the
entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed
ratably among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the full Liquidation Value
that each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive under this Section 2(a).

(b) Remaining Distributions. After payment in accordance with the
foregoing has been made in full to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or funds necessary
for such payment have been set aside by the Corporation in trust for the exclusive benefit of such
holders so as to be available for such payment, the holders of outstanding shares of Common
Stock will be’entitled to receive an amount equal to the aggregate of all dividends declared but
unpaid in respect of such shares of Common Stock. After such payment of dividends to the
holders of Common Stock, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to
stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the
Common Stock pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each
(assuming full conversion of all such Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock) until such
time as the aggregate amount which the holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to
receive under Sections 2(a) and 2(b) shall be equal to $4.11 per share of Series A Preferred Stock
(subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend, combination,

4

reclassification, or similar event affecting the Series A Preferred Stock). Thereafter, the
remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be
distributed among the holders of shares of Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of
shares held by each such holder.

(c) Deemed Liquidations. For purposes of this Section 2, unless
waived by the holders of a majority of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding, a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to include: (i) the
consummation of the merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with another entity
(other than a merger or consolidation in which the holders of capital stock of this Corporation
immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to hold at least 50% of the voting
‘power of the capital stock of this Corporation or the surviving or acquiring entity); (ii) the
closing of the sale, lease, exchange, license (other than a non-exclusive license made in the
ordinary course of business that does not prevent the Corporation from continuing its business as
conducted or as proposed to be conducted) or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Corporation or of all or substantially all of the material intellectual property assets of
the Corporation; or (iii) the closing of the transfer of this Corporation’s securities, whether by
merger, consolidation or otherwise, in one transaction or series of related transactions, to a
person or group of affiliated persons (other than an underwriter of this Corporation’s securities),
if, after such closing, such person or group of affiliated persons would hold 50% or more of the
outstanding voting securities of this Corporation (or the surviving or acquiring entity) (each such
transaction under clauses (i) through (iii), a “Deemed Liquidation Event”).

(d) Non-Cash Distributions. In the event of a Liquidation Event or
Deemed Liquidation Event resulting in the availability of assets other than cash, the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to a distribution of cash and, in the event there is
insufficient cash available to satisfy the liquidation preferences and other distribution rights
stated in this Section 2, other assets equal in value to the Liquidation Value and other distribution
rights stated in this Section 2. In the event that such distribution to the holders of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock will include any assets other than cash, the Board of Directors (including at
least one director elected solely by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock) will first
determine in good faith and with due care the value of such assets for such purpose, except that,
any publicly-traded securities to be distributed to stockholders in a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation shall be valued as follows: (i) if the securities are then traded on a
national securities exchange or the Nasdaq Global Market (or a similar national quotation
system), then the value of the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of
the securities on such exchange or system over the twenty (20) trading day period ending three
(3) trading days prior to the distribution; (ii) if the securities are actively traded over-the counter,
then the value of the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the
securities over the twenty (20) trading day period ending three (3) trading days prior to the
distribution; or (iii) if there is no public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof,
- as mutually determined by this Corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the voting
power of all then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The method of valuation of
such securities subject to investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability shall include
making an appropriate discount from the market value determined as above to reflect the
approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors

5

(including at least one director elected solely by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock).
The foregoing methods for valuing non-cash consideration to be distributed in connection with a
Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event shall, upon approval by the stockholders of the
definitive agreements governing a Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event, be
superseded by any determination of such value set forth in the definitive agreements governing
such Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event.

For the purposes of this Section 2(d), “trading day” shall mean any day on
which the exchange or system on which the securities to be distributed are traded is open and
“closing prices” or “closing bid prices” shall be deemed to be: (i) for securities traded primarily on
the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq, the last reported trade
price or sale price, as the case may be, at 4:00 p.m., New York time, on that day and (ii) for
securities listed or traded on other exchanges, markets and systems, the market price as of the end
of the “regular hours” trading period that is generally accepted in the securities industry for
determining the market price of a stock as of a given trading day shall change from those set forth
above, the fair market value shall be determined as of such other generally accepted benchmark
times.

(e) Non-Compliance. In the event the requirements of this Section 2
are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either:

(i) cause the closing of such Liquidation Event or Deemed
Liquidation Event to be postponed until such time as the requirements of this Section 2 have
been complied with; or

(ii) cancel such transaction, in which event the tights,
preferences and privileges of the holders of the Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as
such rights, preferences and pnivileges existing immediately prior to the date of the first notice
referred to in Section 7 hereof.

3. Voting Rights.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except. as otherwise expressly
provided herein or as required by law, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of
Common Stock shall vote together (on an as-converted basis) and not as separate classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law,
there shall be no series voting.

(c) Series A Preferred Stock. Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder could be converted as of the record date.

The holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters on

which the Common Stock shalt be entitled to vote. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be

entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation

and applicable Jaw. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting
6

rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A
Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be disregarded.

(d) Election of Directors.

(i) The Board of Directors shall consist of five (5) members.
The holders of a majority of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a
separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors
(collectively, the “Preferred Directors”) at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors (and to remove from office each such
director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of any such director). |
The holders of a majority of the then outstanding Common Stock, voting together as a separate
class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors
(collectively, the “Common Directors”) at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors (and to remove from office each such
director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of any such director).
The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of the Common Stock, voting
together as a single class (and not as separate series or classes) and on an as-converted basis,
shall be entitled to elect any remaining directors of the Corporation at each meeting or pursuant
to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors (and to remove
from office each such director and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal
of any such director).

(ii) | At any meeting held for the purpose of electing directors, the
presence in person or by proxy (A) of the holders of a majority of the shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock or Common Stock then outstanding, respectively, shall constitute a quorum for the
election of directors to be elected solely by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or Common
Stock, respectively, and (B) of holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock shall constitute a quorum for the election of
the directors to be elected jomtly by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Common
Stock voting together as a single class.

4. Redemption. The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

5, Conversion. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share
at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, into that
number of fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the
Original Issue Price by the Conversion Price (the rate at which shares of Series A Preferred Stock
may be converted into shares of Common Stock is heremafter referred to as the “Conversion
Rate”). Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price, as described in this Section 5, the
Conversion Rate shal! be appropriately increased or decreased. The initial Conversion Price of

the Series A Preferred Stock is $1.0280; provided, however, that the Conversion Price for the
Series A Preferred Stock shail be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 5(e) below.

{b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
shall automatically be converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the
then effective Conversion Rate for such share immediately upon the earlier of: (i) the
consummation of the Corporation’s sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment
underwritten initial public offermg pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-1 or
Form SB-2 (or any successor form) filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), the public offering price of which is not less than $4.11 per share (as adjusted
for any stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification or other similar events), and which generates aggregate gross proceeds to the
Corporation of at least $30,000,000 (a “Qualifying Initial Public Offering”); or (ii) the date
specified by written consent or agreement of the holders of at least a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (each of the events referred to in (i) and (ii) are
referred to herem as an “Automatic Conversion Event”).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Before any holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to voluntarily convert the same into shares of Common Stock, it shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any
transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at
its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name
or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued.
The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to such holder of Series
A Preferred Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for
the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the
date of such surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person
or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall
be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of
such date. If the conversion is in connection with a Qualifying Initial Public Offering, the
conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Series A Preferred Stock for conversion, be
conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such
offering, in which event the persons entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of
the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred
Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities. If the conversion is in
connection with the Automatic Conversion Event described in subsection 5(b)(ii) above, such
conversion shall be deemed to have been made on the conversion date described in the
stockholder consent approving such conversion, and the persons entitled to receive shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes:as the record
holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date.

(ii) No fractional shares of Common Stock shal! be issued upon
conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by

8 .

the then fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors.
For such purpose, all shares of the Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder of Series A
Preferred Stock that are then being converted shall be aggregated, and any resulting fractional
share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash.

(d) Certain Definitions.

(i) Convertible Securities. For purposes of Section 5(e),
“Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, but excluding options
and warrants.

(ij) Additional Stock Definition. For purposes of Section 5(e)
below, “Additional Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation on
or after the filing date of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Filing Date”), other than:

(1) up to 2,134,000 shares of Common Stock
(excluding shares repurchased at cost by the Corporation in connection with the termination of
service) issued to employees, officers or directors, of, or consultants or advisors to the
Corporation pursuant to stock grants, option plans, purchase plans, agreements or other employee
stock incentive programs or arrangements, in each case as approved by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation (including at least one Preferred Director), or upon exercise of options or
warrants granted to such parties pursuant to any such plan or arrangement;

(2) shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise
and/or conversion of Convertible Securities, options or warrants outstanding as of the Filing
Date;

(3) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a
dividend or distribution on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment is
made pursuant to subsections 5(e){iv), 5(e)(v) and 5{e)(vi) below;

(4) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a
Qualifying Initial Public Offering;

(5) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
pursuant to the bona fide acquisition of or by the Corporation, whether by merger, consolidation,
sale of assets, sale or exchange of stock or otherwise;

(6) shares of Common Stock and/or warrants issued or
issuable to banks, equipment lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing,
equipment lease, bank credit arrangement or commercial leasing transaction entered into for
primarily non-equity financing purposes and as approved by the Board of Directors of the
‘Corporation (including at least one Preferred Director);

(7) shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued pursuant
to the Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreernent by and among the Corporation and the ©

9

Investors (as defined therem) dated October 27, 2006, as may be amended from time to time (the
‘Purchase Agreement’) or the Convertible Promissory Notes dated as of July 28, 2006 and as of
September 28, 2006, each as amended, in the aggregate principal amount of $600,000 (the
*“Notes’’); or

(8) | shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement
and the Notes.

(e) Conversion Price Adjustments of Series A Preferred Stock for Certain
Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional
Stock. In the event the Corporation shall issue Additional Stock without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock
in effect on the date of and immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the
Conversion Price shall be adjusted, concurrently with such issuance, to a price determined by
multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock Outstanding (as defined below) immediately prior to such issuance plus
the number of shares which the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for the total
number of shares of Additional Stock would purchase at the Conversion Price, and the
denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock Outstanding immediately
prior to such issuance plus the number of shares of Additional Stock so issued. For purposes of
this subsection 5(e)(i), the term “Common Stock Outstanding” shail mean and include the
following: (1) outstanding Common Stock; (2) Common Stock exercisable upon conversion of
outstanding Series A Preferred Stock; (3) Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding
stock options; (4) Common Stock issuable upon exercise (and, in the case of warrants to
purchase Series A Preferred Stock, conversion) of outstanding warrants; (5) Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of Convertible Securities. Shares described in (1) through (5) above
shall be included whether vested or unvested, whether contingent or non-contingent and whether
exercisable or not yet exercisable.

Gi) De Minimis Adjustments. No adjustment to the Conversion Price
of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than $0.01 per share, but any
such amount shall be carried forward, and a reduction will be made with respect to such amount
at the time of, and together with, any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and
any other amount so carried forward, equal $0.01 per share or more in the aggregate.

(iit) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this subsection
5(e), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issuance of any Additional Stock shall
be computed as follows: _

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shal]:

(a) insofar as it consists of cash, be deemed to be the
aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable discounts,
10

commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting
or otherwise in connection with such issuance and sale thereof:

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
deemed to be the fair market value thereof at the time of such issuance, as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors (including at least one Preferred Director) irrespective of any
accounting treatment; and

(c) in the event Additional Stock is issued together with
other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which covers both,
be deemed to be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (a) and (b) above, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors
(including at least one Preferred Director) irrespective of any accounting treatment.

(2) Issuance of Options or Rights to Purchase Common
Stock. In the case of the grant or issuance of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
Common Stock, securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or
options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the
following provisions shall apply for purposes of determining the number of shares of Additional
Stock issued and the consideration paid therefor:

(a) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
exercisability, including without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account
potential antidilution adjustments) of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common
Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued and for
a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in subsections
5(e)(Gii)(1)(a) and 5(e)(@ii)(1)(b)), if any, received by the Corporation upon the issuance of such
options or rights plus the minimum exercise price provided in such options or rights (without
taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) for the Common Stock covered thereby.

(b) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of, or in exchange (assuming the satisfaction of any
conditions to convertibility or exchangeability, including, without limitation, the passage of time,
but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) for, any such convertible or
exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such
convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shail be
deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights were
issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for
any such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of
accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be
received by the Corporation (without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments) upon
the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related options or rights (the
consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in subsections 5(e)(iii)(1){a)

and 5(e)(iii)(1)(b)).

(c) In the event of any change in the number of shares
of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon exercise of
such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or exchangeable
securities, the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected
by or computed using such options, rights or securities, shall be recomputed to reflect such
change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any
payment of such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion
or exchange of such securities.

(d) Upon the expiration of any such options or rights,
the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or
rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price of the
Preferred Stock, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or
securities or options or rights related to such securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the
issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable
securities that remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon
the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related
to such securities.

(ec) The number of shares of Additional Stock deemed
issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to subsections 5(e)(iii)(2)(a) and
5(e)(iii)(2)(b) shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of
the type described in either subsection 5(e)(iii)(2)(c) or subsection 5(e)(ii)(2)(d).

(iv) Adjustments to Conversion Price Relating to Stock Splits. In
the event that the Corporation should at any time or from time to time after the Filing Date fix a
record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other
distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or other securities or rights
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares
of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock Equivalents”) without payment of
any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common
Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split
or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such
increase of the aggregate of shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect
to such Common Stock Equivalents, with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common
Stock Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in
subsection 5(e)(ii1)(2).

(v) Adjustments for Combinations of Common Stock. In the event
the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise)
into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred
Stock in effect immediately prior to such combination shall, concurrently with the effective date

12

of such combination, be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable on conversion of each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be decreased in proportion
to such decrease in the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(vi) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution.
Subject to Section 2 above, if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class
or classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a
subdivision or combination of shares provided for above), then, in any such event, in lieu of the
number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to
receive, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such
shares of Series A Preferred Stock into a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock
which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of the
Series A Preferred Stock immediately before that change would have been entitled to receive in
such reorganization or reclassification, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein with
respect to such other shares.

(f | No Impairment. The Corporation will not, through any reorganization, ~
transfer of assets, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or
performed hereunder by the Corporation but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying
out of all the provisions of this Section 5 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock against impairment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 5(f) shall
prohibit the Corporation from amending this Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the
requisite consent of its stockholders and the board of directors.

(g) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment
or readjustment of a Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 5, the Corporation, at its expense,
shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and
furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth: (i)
such adjustments and readjustments; (ii) the Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock at
the time in effect; and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of
other property that at the time would be received upon the conversion of a share of Series A

Preferred Stock.

(h) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall
at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to
effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock; and if at any
time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shal! not be sufficient to
effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, in addition to

13

such other remedies as shail be available to the holder of such Series A Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain
the, requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation.

(i) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of the Series A
Preferred Stock may be waived, either prospectively or retroactively and either generally or in a
particular instance, by the written consent or vote of the holders of the majority of the Series A
Preferred Stock. Any such waiver shal! bind all future holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock. A copy of any such waiver shali be provided to the holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock upon request to the Secretary of the Corporation. Prompt notice of any such
waiver by the holders of less than all the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be given to
those holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock who have not consented to such waiver.

(j) Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be converted pursuant to Section 5 hereof, the shares so converted shall be cancelled
and shall not be issuable by the Corporation. The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
Corporation shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the
Corporation’s authorized capital stock.

6. Covenants. So long as at least 642,023 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock
(as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event) are issued and outstanding, the
Corporation shall not (whether by amendment, merger or otherwise) without first obtaining
approval (by vote or written consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of
the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock:

(a) | amend or repeal any provision of, or addition of any provision to, the
Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation;

(b) _ increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock;

(c) authorize, issue or reclassify shares of any class of stock or equity security
(including any other security convertible into such stock or such equity security) having any
preferences or privileges as to voting, conversion, dividends, liquidation or any other rights or
privileges that are senior to or on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock;

(d) _ incur indebtedness in an aggregate amount exceeding $500,000;

(e) declare or pay any dividend or make other distributions to the holders of
shares of Common Stock (other than a dividend or distribution payable solely in shares of
Common Stock);

14

( consummate a Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event;
(g) increase or decrease the number of authorized directors;

(h) redeem, repurchase or acquire (or pay into or set aside funds for a sinking
fund for such purpose) any shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock; provided,
however, that this restriction shall not apply to repurchases of Common Stock by the Corporation
from employees, officers, consultants, advisors, suppliers and representatives of the Corporation
pursuant to agreements which permit the Corporation to repurchase such shares at no greater than
cost upon termination of service to the Corporation;

(i) increase the number of shares issuable pursuant to the Corporation’s stock
option plan; or ,

(Gj) enter into any transaction with any affiliate of the Corporation or any
stockholder of the Corporation.

7. Notices of Record Dates, Etc. In the event {i) the Corporation establishes a
record date to determine the holders of any class or series of securities who are entitled to receive
any dividend or other distribution or any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any
shares of stock of any class or series of any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right or (ii) there is to occur any Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event, the
Corporation will deliver to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, in accordance with Section
8(a) hereof, and at least twenty (20) days prior to such record date or the proposed effective date
of the transaction specified therein (or, if earlier, twenty (20) days prior to any stockholders’
meeting called to approve such transaction), as the case may be, a notice specifying (a) the date
of such record date for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right and a description
(including the amount and character) of such dividend, distribution or right, (b) the date on which
any such transaction is expected to become effective and the material terms and conditions
thereof, and (c) the time, if any, that is to be fixed, as to when the holders of record of Common
Stock (or other securities) will be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other
securities), for cash, securities, and/or other property. deliverable upon such transaction. The
Corporation shall thereafter give each holder of Series A Preferred Stock, in accordance with
Section 8(a) hereof, prompt notice of any material changes. Such transaction shall in no event
take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided
for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the Corporation has given notice of any material
changes as provided for herein; provided that such periods may be shortened upon the written
consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights or
similar notice rights and that represent a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis.

8. Miscellaneous.

{a) Notices. All notices, requests, payments, instructions or other documents
to be given hereunder will be in writing or by written telecommunication, and will be deemed to
have been duly given if (i) delivered personally (effective upon delivery), (ii) mailed by certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid (effective five business days after dispatch), (iit)

15

sent by a reputable, established courier service that provides evidence of delivery and that
guarantees next business day delivery (effective ithe next business day), or (1v) sent by facsimile
followed within twenty-four (24) hours by confirmation by one of the foregoing methods
(effective upon receipt of the facsimile in complete, readable form), sent to the intended recipient
at the recipient’s address or facsimile number as it appears on the books of the Corporation.

(b) Transfer Taxes, Etc. The Corporation will pay any and all stock transfer,
documentary stamp taxes, and the like that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or shares of Common Stock or other securities issued in
respect of shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant hereto or certificates representing such
shares or securities. The Corporation will not, however, be required to pay any such tax that may
be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock or shares of Common Stock or other securities in a name other than that in which
such shares were registered, or in respect of any payment to any person other than the registered
holder thereof with respect to any such shares.

(c) Transfer Agents. The Corporation may appoint, and from time to time
discharge and change, a transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock. Upon any such
appointment or discharge of a transfer agent, the Corporation will reasonably promptly send
written notice thereof to each holder of record of the Series A Preferred Stock.

FIFTH: The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

SIXTH: For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the
Corporation, and in further definition and not in limitation of the powers of the Corporation and of
its directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, conferred by the State
of Delaware, it is further provided that:

A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall
be vested in its Board of Directors. No election of directors need be by written ballot.

B. After the original or other Bylaws of the Corporation have been adopted, amended or
repealed, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of Section 109 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and, after the Corporation has received any payment for
any of its stock, the power to adopt, amend, or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation may be
exercised by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

C. The books of the Corporation may be kept at such place within or without the State of
Delaware as the Bylaws of the Corporation may provide or as may be designated from time to time
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

D. Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the
Bylaws of the Corporation may provide.

SEVENTH: The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same may be amended and supplemented

16

from time to time, indemnify and advance expenses to, (i) its directors and officers, and (ii) any
person who at the request of the Corporation is or was serving as a director, officer, employee or
agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, from and against
any and all of the expenses, liabilities, or other matters referred to in or covered by said section as
amended or supplemented (or any successor), provided, however, that except with respect to
proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Bylaws of the Corporation may provide that
the Corporation shall indemnify any director, officer or such person in connection with a
proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such director, officer or such person only if such
proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The
Corporation, by action of its Board of Directors, may provide indemnification or advance expenses
to employees and agents of the Corporation or other persons only on such terms and conditions and
to the extent determined by the Board of Directors in its sole and absolute discretion. The
indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which
those indemnified may be entitled under any Bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or
disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in their official capacity and as to action in
another capacity while holding such office, and shall continme as to a person who has ceased to be a
director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and
administrators of such a person.

EIGHTH: No director of this Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director except to the extent
that exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware as in effect at the time such liability or limitation thereof is
determined. No amendment, modification or repeal of this Article shall apply to or have any effect
on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Corporation for or with respect to any acts
or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment, modification or repeal. If the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is amended after approval by the stockholders of
this Article VII to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of
directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the
fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as so amended.

NINTH: Subject to the provisions set forth elsewhere in this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (including, without limitation, Article IV, Section 6 hereof), the Corporation reserves
the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon
stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

KEK

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, which restates, integrates and amends the provisions of the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, to be signed this zi day of October 2006.

BEAM, INC.

Pat cell
President and Chief Executive Officer

