State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 09:56 AM 04/17/2006
FILED 09:48 AM 04/17/2006
SRV 060352905 - 4142318 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
BEBO, INC.

FIRST: The name of the corporation is:
Bebo, Inc.

SECOND: The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is 3500 South
DuPont Highway in the City of Dover, County of Kent. The name of its registered agent at such
address is Incorporating Services, Ltd.

THIRD: The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage
in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General
Corporation Law of Delaware.

FOURTH: The corporation is authorized to issue one class of stock, to be designated
“Common Stock,” with a par value of $0.01 per share. The total number of shares of Common
Stock that the corporation shal! have authority to issue is 100.

FIFTH: The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the
direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred
upon them by statute or by this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the corporation, the
directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as
may be exercised or done by the corporation. Election of directors need not be by written ballot,
unless the Bylaws so provide.

SIXTH: The Board of Directors is authorized to make, adopt, amend, alter or repeal the
Bylaws of the corporation. The stockholders shall also have power to make, adopt, amend, alter
or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation.

SEVENTH: The name and mailing address of the incorporator is:

Kathryn L. Clamar

DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary US LLP
153 Townsend Street, Suite 800

San Francisco, CA 94107

EIGHTH: To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as
the same exists or may hereafter be amended, a director of the corporation shall not be personally
liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article EIGHTH by
the stockholders of the corporation shal! not adversely affect any right or protection of a director
of the corporation existing at the time of, or increase the Jiability of any director of the
corporation with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to, such repeal or modification.

SFB 126025.
1-6 l
THE UNDERSIGNED, being the incorporator hereinbefore named, for the purpose of
forming a corporation pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware, does make this
certificate, hereby declaring and certifying that this is my act and deed and the facts herein stated
are true, and accordingly have hereunto set my hand this 14th day of April 2006.

Kecthaay 1 Crass @
Kathryn L. Clamar, Incorporator

SF13126025.1
1-6 2
