State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 08:38 AM 05/17/2006
FILED 08:32 AM 05/17/2006
SRV 060466626 - 4142318 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER
of

Bebo.com LLC
(a California limited liability company)

with and into

Bebo, Inc.
(a Delaware corporation)

Pursuant to Title 8, Section 264(c) of the Delaware General Coiporation Law and Section
17552(a) of the California Corporations Code, the undersigned corporation, Bebo, Inc., and the
undersigned managers of Bebo.com LLC, hereby certify:

FIRST: That the name and state of incorporation or organization of each of the
constituent business entities of the merger is as follows:

Name State of Incorporation or
Organization
Bebo com LLC California
Bebo, Inc. Delaware

SECOND: That an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of May 16, 2006, by and
between Bebo.com LLC, a Califomia limited liability company, and Bebo, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the “Merger Agreement”), has been approved, adopted, certified, executed and
acknowledged by each of the constituent business entities in accordance with the requirements of
subsection (c) of Section 264 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and Section 17551 of.
the California Corporations Code.

THIRD: That the name of the corporation surviving the merger is Bebo, Inc. (the
“Surviving Corporation”). Ihe Sutviving Corporation is a corporation of, and its internal affairs
will be governed by the laws of, the State of Delaware

FOURTH: That the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated, of the
Surviving Corporation shall continuc to be the Certificate of Incorporation.

FIFTH: That the executed Agreement and Plan of Merger is on file at the principal place
of business of the Surviving Corporation. The address of said principal place of business is 142
10th Street, San Francisco, California 94103.

SIXTH: That s copy of the Agreement of Merger will be furnished by Surviving
Corporation upon request and without charge to any stockholder/member of any constituent
entity
SEVENTII: That 100% of the membership interest of Bebo.com LLC was entitled to
vote on the merger, regardless of the class of such membership interest. The principal terms of
the Agreement and Plan of Merger were approved by a vote of the number of interests of each
class that equaled or exceeded the vote required, such required vote being the unanimous consent
of all members of Bcbo.com LLC, regardless of the class of membership interest.

EIGHTH: That this Certificate of Merger shall be effective immediate] y upon filing.

NINTH: That the Surviving Corporation hereby agrees that it may be served in the State
of California in a proceeding for the enforcement of an obligation of any constituent entity of the
merger and in a proceeding to enforce the tights of any holder of a dissenting interest in a
constituent California limited liability company.

TENTH: That the Surviving Corporation hereby agrees that it will promptly pay the
holder of any dissenting interest in a constituent California limited liability company the amount
to which that person is entitled under California law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Certificate of Merger to be
executed this 16th day of May, 2006.

Bebo, Inc.

a Delaware corporation

By: Nw
Michael Birch

President and Chief Executive Officer

Bebo.com LLC
a California limited liability

Michael Birch
Manager

py, Pehl - <&, 2,

Xochi Birch
Manager

SF\3 126860, |
360139-2 2
