State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 02:57 PM 05/16/2006
FILED 02:57 PM 05/16/2006
SRV 060463964 - 4142318 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF BEBO, INC.

The undersigned. Michael Birch hereby certifies that:

ONE: He is the duly elected and acting President of Bebo, Inc., a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Corporation’).

TWO: The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 17, 2006.

THREE: All amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation reflected
herein have been duly authorized and adopted by the Corporation’s Board of Directors and
stockholders in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the Delaware General

Corporation Law. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

ARTICLE I

The name of the Corporation is Bebo, Inc.
ARTICLE I]

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 3500
South Dupont Highway in the City of Dover. County of Kent. The name of its registered agent
at such address is Incorporation Services. Lid.

ARTICLE 11

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE 1V

A. Classes of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares of
Common Stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is twenty-five million (25,000,000)
shares, $0.001 par value. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Corporation is
authorized to issue is six million nine hundred ninety-eight thousand seven hundred ninety
(6,998,790) shares, $0.001 par value.

The Preferred Stock will be issued in series. The first series of Preferred Stock shal! be
comprised of three million five hundred ninety-eight thousand seven hundred ninety (3,598,790)
shares and shall be designated “Series A-1 Preferred Stock.” As used herein, the term “Series
A-1I Preferred Stock” without designation shall refer to shares of the Corporation’s Series A-1

$13 126033.13 1]
360139-3
Preferred Stock. The second series of Preferred Stock shall be comprised of three million four
hundred thousand (3,400,000) shares and shall be designated “Series A-2 Preferred Stock.’ As
used herein, the term “Series A-2 Preferred Stock” without designation shall refer to shares of
the Corporation’s Series A-2 Preferred Stock.

Subject to compliance with applicable voting rights which may have been or may be
granted hereunder to the holders of Preferred Stock or series thereof, including, without
limitation, Article IV(B), Section 6 hereof (the “Protective Provisions’), the Preferred Stock
authorized by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation may be issued from time
to time in one or more series. Subject 10 compliance with the applicable Protective Provisions,
the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to increase or decrease (but not below the number
of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series prior to or
subsequent to the issue of shares in thal series. In case the number of shares of any such serics
shall be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status that they had
prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series.

B. Rights, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions of Preferred. The relative
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the Preferred Stock
are as follows:

1. Dividends. The holders of the then outstanding Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends out of any assets legally available therefor, prior and in preference
to any declaration or payments of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other
securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or
indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of this Corporation) on the Common Stock of this
Corporation, at the rate of $0.3608 per share per annum for the Series A-1 Preferred Stock (as
adjusted for any consolidations, combinations, stock distributions, stock dividends, stock splits
or similar events, each a “Recapitalization Event’) and $0.3616 per share per annum for the
Series A-2 Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event), payable when, as. and if
declared by the Board of Directors; provided, however that the holders of the then outstanding
shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to reccive any dividends as the result of
the Corporation’s repurchase of up to an aggregate of 645,782 shares of Series A-1 Preferred
Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event) at a price per share not to exceed $4.51 (as
adjusted for any Recapitalization Event) on or belore the date thirty (30) days after the filing of
this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation pursuant to the terms and conditions of
agreements between the Corporation and each of certain stockholders of the Corporation dated
on or about the Series A-2 Original Issue Date (as defined in Article 1V(B), Section 5(c) hereof)
(the “Repurchase Agreements’). No dividend may be declared or paid on any shares of
Common Stock unless at the same time an equivalent dividend is declared and paid
simultaneously on the Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis. The right to dividends on shares
of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock shall not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to
holders of Common Stock or Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares

are not declared in any period nor shall any undeclared or unpaid dividend bear or accrue
interest.

$F3126033.13 2
360139-3
2. Liquidation Preference. In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, distributions to the stockholders
of the Corporation shall be made in the following manner:

(a) Preference. he holders of Series A-2 Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive, on a pari passu basis, prior and in preference to any distribution of any assets
or property of the Corporation to the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Common Stock
by reason of their ownership hereof, an amount per share equal to the Original Series A-2 Price
(as defined in Article 1V(B), Section 5(a) below) (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event)
plus an amount equal to all declared and unpaid dividends with respect thereto; provided,
however that the holders of the then outstanding shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to receive any such amount in connection with the Corporation’s repurchase of up to an
aggregate of 645,782 shares of Series A-] Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalization
Event) at a price per share not to exceed $4.51 (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event) on or
before the date thirty (30) days after the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Repurchase Agreements. If upon the
occurrence of such event, the assets and funds available for distribution are insufficient to permit
the payment to the holders of Series A-2 Preferred Stock of their full preferential amount, then
the entire assets and funds of the Corporation Icgally available for distribution to stockholders
will be distributed among the holders of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock ratably in proportion to
the full preferential amount which they would be entitled to receive pursuant to the preceding
sentence of this Article 1V(B), Section 2(a). After payment has been made in full to the holders
of Serics A-2 Preferred Stock pursuant to the first sentence of this Article [V(B), Section 2(a),
the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive prior and in preference to
any distribution of any assets or property of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by
reason of their ownership hereof, an amount per share equal to the Original Series A-1 Price (as
defined in Article [V(B), Section 5(a) below) (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event) plus an
amount equal to all declared and unpaid dividends with respect thereto; provided, however that
the holders of the then outstanding shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shal] not be entitled to
receive any such amount in connection with the Corporation’s repurchase of up to an aggregale
of 645,782 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event) ata
price per share not to exceed $4.51 (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event) on or before the
date thirty (30) days after the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Repurchase Agreements. If upon the occurrence of
such event, the assets and funds available for distribution are insufficient to permit the payment
to the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock of their full preferential amount, then the entire
assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution to stockholders, after the
payment to the holders of Series A-2 Preferred Stock of their full preferential amount, will be
distributed among the holders of the Series A-I Preferred Stock ratably in proportion to the full
preferential amount which they would be entitled to receive pursuant to the preceding sentence
of this Article [V(B), Section 2(a).

(b) Remaining Assets. After payment has been made in full to the
holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to Article [V(B), Section 2(a), the holders of Common Stock
shall be entitled to receive the remaining funds and assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to stockholders ratably in proportion to the shares of Common Stock then held by
them; provided, however that the holders of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock shall

SF3126033.13 3
360139-3
not be entitled to receive any such amount in connection with the Corporation’s repurchase of up
to an aggregate of 645,782 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any
Recapitalization Event) at a price per share not to exceed $4.51(as adjusted for any
Recapitalization Event) on or before the date thirty (30) days after the filing of this Amended and

Restated Certificate of Incorporation pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Repurchase
Agreements.

(c) Reorganization or Merger. The following events shall be
considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this Corporation within the meaning of this
Article ['V(B), Section 2 (each a “Corporate Sale’): (i) a reorganization, merger or consolidation
of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or corporations, in which the stockholders
of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction hold 50% or less of the voting stock
immediately after the transaction, (ii) a sale, transfer, exclusive license, lease or other disposition
(but not including a transfer by pledge or mortgage to a bona fide lender) of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Corporation (other than to a wholly-owned subsidiary) or (iii) any
transaction or series of related transactions to which the Corporation is a party in which the
stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction hold 50% or less of the
voting stock immediately after the transaction; provided, however, that a transaction shall not
constitute a Corporate Sale if its sole purpose is to change the state of this Corporation’s
incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same

proportions by the persons who held this Corporation’s securities immediately prior to such
transaction.

(d) Non-Cash Distributions. The value of assets or securities
distributed pursuant to this Article [V(B), Section 2 shall be computed at their fair market value
at the time distributed to stockholders, as determined by the Board of Directors in the good faith
exercise of its reasonable business judgment, provided that (i) if such securities are listed on any
established stock exchange or a national market system, their fair market value shall be deemed
to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over the
thirty (30) day period (or portion thereof) ending three (3) days prior to the closing, as reported
in the Wall Street Journal or similar publication, (ii) if such securities are regularly quoted by a
recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, their fair market value shall be the
average high bid and low asked prices for such securities over the thirty (30) day period (or
portion thereof) ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and (ili) if such assets or securities are
not publicly traded, their fair market value shall be as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.

(e) Consent for Certain Repurchases. Each holder of an outstanding
share of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for purposes of Sections 502 and
503 of the General Corporation Law of California, to distributions made by the Corporation in
connection with the repurchase of shares of (i) up to an aggregate of 645,782 shares of Series A-
1 Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event) at a price per share not to exceed
$4.51 (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event) on or before the date thirty (30) days after the
filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the Repurchase Agreements, and (ii) Common Stock issued to or held by directors,
employees or consultants (1) upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to
agreements providing for the right of said repurchase at cost or (2) in connection with the

SF\3126033.33 4
3611 39-3
exercise by the Corporation of contractual rights of first refusal or first offer pursuant to
agreements providing for the right of said repurchase between the Corporation and such persons,
provided the terms of such repurchase shall have been approved by the Board of Directors.

3. Voting Rights.

(a) General Rights. The holder of each share of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which
such share of Preferred Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or written
consent of stockholders and, except as otherwise required by law or as set forth herein, shall have
voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the Common Stock. The
holder of each share of Preferred Stock shal! be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in
accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation and shall vote with holders of the Common Stock
at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or by written consent, upon
the election of directors and upon any other matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as
otherwise provided herein or those matters required by law to be submitted to a class vote.
Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from
the above formula (after aggregating all shares of Common Stock into which shares of Preferred
Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number.

Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock
held.

(b) Election of Board of Directors. As long as at least 1,677,876
shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event) are outstanding,
the holders of such shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock. voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect one (1) director of this Corporation at each meeting or pursuant to each consent
of the Corporation's stockholders for the election of directors. and to remove from office such
directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such director.
The holders of outstanding Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect
three (3) directors of this Corporation at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors, and to remove from office such directors
and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors. The
holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-
converted basis, shall be entitled to elect any remaining members of the Board of Directors at
each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of
directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the
resignation, death or removal of such directors.

(c) Vacancy. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director
occurring among the directors elected by the holders of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock voting as
a separate class, the Common Stock voting as a separate class, or the Common Stock and
Preferred Stock voting together as a single class, in each case pursuant to Article [V(B), Section
3(b) hereof, the holders of the shares of that respective class or series may elect a successor or
successors to hold the office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or
places shall be vacant. Any director who shall have been elected by the holders of the Series A-2
Preferred Stock voting as a separate class, the Common Stock voting as a separate class, or the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock voting together as a single class, or any director so elected

SF3126033.13 5
360139-3
as provided in the preceding sentence hereof, may be removed during the aforesaid term of
office, whether with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of the Series A-
2 Preferred Stock voting as a separate class, the Common Stock voting as a separate class, or the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock voting together as a single class, respectively, subject to
Sections 302, 303, and 304 of the California Corporations Code.

4, Redemption. The Preferred Stock is not redeemable.

5. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion
rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. [ach share of Preferred Stock shall be
convertible without the payment of any additional considcration by the holder thereof and, at the
option of the holder thereof, al any time after the date of issuance ol such share at the office of
the Corporation or any transfer agent of the Corporation for the Preferred Stock. Itach share of
Series A-] Preferred Stock shall be convertible at the conversion rate determined by dividing the
Original Series A-1 Price by the Series A-] Conversion Price (determined as provided herein) in
effect at the time of conversion. The “Original Series A-1 Price” shall be $4.51 and the initial
“Series A-1 Conversion Price” shall be $4.51. Each share of Series A-2 Preferred Stock shall be
convertible at the conversion rate determined by dividing the Original Series A-2 Price by the
Series A-2 Conversion Price (determined as provided herein) in effect at the time of conversion.
The “Original Series A-2 Price” shall be $4.52 and the initial “Series A-2 Conversion Price”
shall be $4.52. Each of the Original Series A-1 Price and Original Series A-2 Price is herein
referred to as the “Original Price.’ Each of the Series A-1 Conversion Price and Series A-2
Conversion Price is herein referred to as a “Conversion Price”. The number of shares of
Common Stock into which each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred
Stock respectively, may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the “Preferred Stock
Conversion Rate” of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A-2 Preferred Stock respectively.

Each Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Article III, Section 5(c)
below.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall
automatically be converted into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock at the then effective Preferred Stock Conversion Rate. as applicable, immediately upon the
earlier of:

(i) the written consent of the holders of more than fifty percent
(50%) of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an
as-converted-basis; or

(if) the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public
offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, (the “Securities Act’) covering the offer and sale of Common Stock (other than a
registration on Form S-8, Form S-4 or comparable or successor forms), at a public offering price
per share (prior to underwriters’ commissions and expenses) of not Jess than five (5) times the
Original Series A-2 Price (as adjusted for Recapitalization Events) with aggregate gross proceeds
to the Corporation of not less than $30,000,000 (a “Qualified Public Offering’).

SIA3126033.13 6
3611 39-3
(c) Adjustments to Conversion Price.

(i) Special Definitions. |’or purposes of this Article [V(B),
Section 5(c), the following definitions shall apply:

(A) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as
defined below).

(B) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
of indebtedness, shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(C) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean
all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Article IV(B), Section 5(c)(iii) below,
deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the Series A-2 Original Issue Date (as defined
below) other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable:

(1) to officers, directors or employees of, or
consultants to, the Corporation pursuant to a warrant, stock grant, option agreement or plan,

purchase plan or other employee stock incentive program or agreement approved by the Board of
Directors:

(2) to commercial lenders or lessors. in
connection with any loan or lease financing transaction approved by the Board of Directors;

(3) pursuant to a Qualified Public Offering;

(4) in connection with any bona fide strategic
acquisitions or partnering transactions approved by the Board of Directors;

(5) in connection with any exercise, conversion
or exchange described in Article IV(B), Section 5(c)(iii);

(6) in connection with a transaction described in
Article IV(B), Section 5(c)(vii); or

(7) by way of dividend or other distribution on
shares of Preferred Stock.

(D) “Series A-2 Original Issue Date” shall mean the date
on which the Series A-2 Preferred Stock is first issued by the Corporation.

(E) “Additional Shares of Incentive Stock” shall mcan aj]
shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Article FV(B), Section 5(c}(i1}) below, deemed
to be issued) by the Corporation after the Series A-2 Original Issue Date (as defined above),

SF3126033.13 7
360139-3
which issuance or deemed issuance is not approved of by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock, to officers, directors or employees of, or consultants to, the
Corporation pursuant to a warrant, stock grant, option agreement or plan, purchase plan or other
employee stock incentive program or agreement approved by the Board of Directors, exceeding
one million (1,000,000) shares (as adjusted for any Recapitalization Event).

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in
the Series A-2 Conversion Price shall be made with respect to the issuance of Additional Shares
of Common Stock unless the consideration per share for an Additional Share of Common Stock
issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the Series A-2 Conversion Price in
effect on the date of, and immediately prior to, such issue.

(iii) Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock or
Additional Shares of Incentive Stock. In the event the Corporation at any time or from time to
time after the Series A-2 Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or
shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to
receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set
forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein for a
subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such
Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities, the conversion or exchange of the Convertible
Securities shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock or Additional Shares of
Incentive Stock, as applicable, issued as of the time of the issuance of such Option or

Convertible Security or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of
business on such record date:

(A) except as provided in Article IV(B), Section
S(c)(i1i)(B) and 5{c)(iii)(C) below, no further adjustment in any Conversion Price shall be made
upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securitics or shares of Common Stock upon the
exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities;

(B) if such Options or Convertible Securitics by their
terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable
to the Corporation, or change in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon the
exercise, conversion or exchange thereof (other than under or by reason of provisions designed
lo protect against dilution), a Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon
the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based
thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect
such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or
exchange under such Convertible Securities;

(C) upon the expiration of any such Options or
Convertible Securities, each Conversion Price, to the extent in any way affected by or computed
using such Options or Convertible Securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only
the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or
Convertible Securities; and

SF3126033.13 8
3601 39-3
(D) no readjustment pursuant to Article IV(B), Section
5(c)(iii) clauses (13) and (C) above shall have the effect of increasing the Series A-1 Conversion
Price to an amount that exceeds the Series A-| Conversion Price on the original adjustment date,
and no readjustment pursuant to Article [V(B), Section 5(c)(iii) clauses (B) and (C) above shall
have the effect of increasing Series A-2 Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower
of (1) the Series A-2 Conversion Price on the original adjustment date or (2) the Series A-2
Conversion Price that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common

Stock or Additional Shares of Incentive Stock between the original adjustment date and such
readjustment date.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
Additional Shares of Common Stock Below Purchase Price. In the event this Corporation
shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares of Common Stock
deemed to be issued pursuant to Article IV(B), Section 5(c)(iii)), after the Series A-2 Original
Issue Date, without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series A-2
Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue, then and in each
such event the Series A-2 Conversion Price shall automatically be adjusted as set forth in this
Article 1V(B), Section 5(c)(iv), unless otherwise provided in this Article IV(B), Section 5(c).

(A) Adjustment of Series A-2 Conversion Price.
Whenever the Series A-2 Conversion Price is adjusted by Article IV(B). Section 5(c)(iv). the
new Series A-2 Conversion Price, shall be determined by multiplying the applicable Series A-2
Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares
of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation for the total
number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at such applicable
Series A-2 Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance, and the denominator of
which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued. For the purposes
of this paragraph, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to
include the Common Stock issuable on conversion of all outstanding Preferred Stock other than
the Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued, upon conversion or exercise of any
outstanding Convertible Securities other than the Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued,
and upon exercise of all outstanding Options other than the Additional Shares of Common Stock

so issucd (and assuming conversion of Convertible Securitics issuable upon exercise of such
Options).

(v) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
Additional Shares of Incentive Stock. In the event this Corporation shall issue Additional
Shares of Incentive Stock (including Additional Shares of Incentive Stock deemed to be issued
pursuant to Article IV(B). Section 5(c)(iii)) after the Scrics A-2 Original Issue Date then and in
each such event the Series A-2 Conversion Price shall automatically be adjusted to a new Series
A-2 Conversion Price such that the Post-Issuance Percentage (as defined below) is equal to the
Pre-Issuance Percentage (as defined below), unless otherwise provided in this Article IV(B),
Section 5(c). For purposes of this paragraph, (a) the “Post-Issuance Percentage” is equal to a
fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon

.

SF\3126033.13 9
360139-3
conversion of all shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock outstanding immediately following the
issuance (or deemed issuance) of such Additional Shares of Incentive Stock after giving effect to
the adjustments under this paragraph, and the denominator of which shall be the sum of the
number of Additional Shares of Incentive Stock so issued (or deemed issued) and the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately following the issuance (or deemed issuance)
of such Additional Shares of Incentive Stock after giving effect to the adjustments under this
paragraph, (b) the “Pre-Jssuance Percentage” is equal to a fraction, the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Series A-2
Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to, and without giving effect to any adjustment
that otherwise would be effected by this paragraph as a result of, such issuance (or deemed
issuance) of such Additional Shares of Incentive Stock, and the denominator of which shall be
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately prior to. and without giving
effect to any adjustment that otherwise would be effected by this paragraph as a result of, the
issuance (or deemed issuance) of such Additional Shares of Incentive Stock, and (c) the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to include the Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of all outstanding Preferred Stock other than the Additional Shares of Incentive
Stock so issued, upon conversion or exercise of any outstanding Convertible Securities other
than the Additional Shares of Incentive Stock so issued, and upon exercise of all outstanding
Options other than the Additional Shares of Incentive Stock so issued (and assuming conversion
of Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such Options).

(vi) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
Article IV(B), Section 5(c), the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any
Additional Shares of Common Stock or Additional Shares of Incentive Stock, as applicable, shall
be computed as follows:

(A) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(1) _ insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at
the aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable
discounts, commissions or other expenscs allowed. paid or incurred by the Corporation for any
underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thercof,

(2) insofar as it consists of property other than
cash, be computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined by Board of
Directors in the good faith exercise of its reasonable business judgment; and

(3) in the event Additional Shares of Common
Stock or Additional Shares of Incentive Stock are issued together with other shares or securities
or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such

consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (1) and (2) above, as determined in
good faith by the Board.

(B) Options and Convertible Securities. The
consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock or

SF3126033.13
360139-3 10
Additional Shares of Incentive Stock deemed to have been issued pursuant to Article [V(B).
Section 5(c). relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing:

(1) the total amount, if any, received or
receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible
Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options
or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for
Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, by

(2) the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto. without regard to any provision contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options
or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(vii) Other Adjustments to Conversion Price.

(A) Subdivisions, Combinations, or Consolidations
of Common Stock. If at any time and from time to time the outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be subdivided, combined or consolidated, by stock split, stock dividend, combination
or like event, into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock after the Series A-2
Original Issue Date, each Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision,
combination, consolidation or stock dividend shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such
subdivision, combination or consolidation, be proportionately adjusted.

(B) Distributions Other Than Cash Dividends Out of
Retained Earnings. In case the Corporation shall declare a cash dividend upon its Common
Stock payable otherwise than out of retained earnings or shall distribute to holders of its:
Common Stock shares of its capital stock (other than shares of Common Stock and other than as
otherwise adjusted in this Article 1V(B), Section 5(c)), stock or other securities of other persons,
evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash
dividends) or options or rights (excluding options to purchase and rights to subscribe for
Common Stock or other securities of the Corporation convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock), then, in each such case, provision shall be made so that the holders of
Preferred Stock shal] receive upon conversion thercof. in addition to the number of shares of
Common Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the Corporation which they
would have received had their Preferred Stock becn converted into Common Stock on the date of
such event and had they thercafter. during the period from the date of such event to and including
the date of conversion, retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such
period, subject to all other adjustments called for during such period under this Article IV(B),
Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock.

SF\3126033.13
360139-3 11
(C) Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and
Distributions. If, after the Series A-2 Original Issue Date, the Corporation at any time or from
time to time makes, or fixes a record date for determination of holders of Common Stock entitled
to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock, in
each such event each Conversion Price that is then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of
such issuance or, in the event such record date is fixed. as of the close of business on such record
date, by multiplying each Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction of (i) the numerator of
which is the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the time of such issuance or the close of business on such record date, and (ii) the denominator
of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the time of such issuance or the close of business on such record date plus the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution; provided,
however, that if such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully paid or if such
distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, each Conversion Price shall be
Tecomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter each
Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Article 1V(B), Section 5(c){vii)(C) to reflect
the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

(D)  Reclassifications and Reorganizations. In the
case, at any time after the date hereof, of any capital reorganization (except as provided in
Article IV(B), Section 2(d)) or any reclassification of the stock of the Corporation (other than as
a result of a stock dividend or subdivision, split-up or combination of shares), each Conversion
Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or
reclassification, be proportionately adjusted such that the shares of the Preferred Stock shall,
after such reorganization or reclassification, be convertible into the kind and number of shares of
stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise to which such holder would
have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization or reclassification, the holder had
converted the holder’s shares of the Preferred Stock into Common Stock. The provisions of this
Article IV(B), Section S(c){vii)(D) shall similarly apply to successive reorganizations,
reclassifications, consolidations or Corporate Sales.

(d) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the any Conversion Price pursuant to this Article IV(B), Section 5,
the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate
setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detai) the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based including the consideration received for any Additional
Shares of Common Stock or Additional Shares of Incentive Stock issued. The Corporation shall,
upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments,
(ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the type and amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of the Preferred Stock.

(e) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, such holder shall surrender

SIV3126033.13 12
3601 39-3
the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the headquarters of the Corporation or of
any transfer agent for the Corporation and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such
office thal the holder elects to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in
which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued (except that no
such written notice of election to convert shall be necessary in the event of an automatic
conversion pursuant to Article IV, Section 5(b) hereof). The Corporation shall, as soon as
practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the
nomince or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which he shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to
have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the
shares of Preferred Stock to be converted (except that in the case of an automatic conversion
pursuant to Article 1V(B), Section 5(b) hereof such conversion shall be deemed to have been
made immediately prior to the closing of the offering referred to in Article IV(B), Section 5(b))
and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such date. Upon the occurrence of either of the events specified in Article
IV(B), Section 5(b) above, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent;
provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such
shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided
above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been
lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify
the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates.

(f) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which
the holder of Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal
to such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of one share of Common Stock as determined
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The number of whole shares issuable to each
holder upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock of
each holder at the time converting into Common Stock.

(g) No Dilution or [mpairment. Without the consent of the Preferred
Stock in accordance with Article 1V(B), Section 6. the Corporation will not amend this Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or participate in any reorganization. recapitalization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger. dissolution. issuc or sale of securities or any other
voluntary action, for the purpose of avoiding or scckiny to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms to be observed or performed hercunder by the Corporation, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in

order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against dilution or
other impairment.

(h) Status of Converted Shares. No shares of Preferred Stock which
have been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Article IV(B), Section 5 hereof, after the

$FA3126033.13 13
360139-3
original issuance thereof shall ever again be reissued and all such shares so converted shall upon
such conversion be appropriately canceled on the books of the Corporation and shall be restored

to the status of authorized but unissued Preferred Stock of the Corporation, undesignated as to
series.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The
Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred
Stock such number of its shares of Common Stock as shal! from time to time be sufficient to
effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such
corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such
purpose.

(j) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any
class or any other securities or property or to receive any other right, the Corporation shall mail
to each holder of Preferred Stock at least ten (10) days prior to such record date, a notice
specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or
distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

6. Protective Provisions, In addition to any other rights provided by law, as
long as a majority of the authorized shares of the Preferred Stock remain outstanding, this
Corporation shall not (whether by merger. amendment, consolidation or otherwise), without first
obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis:

(a) change the authorized number of directors on the Corporation’s
Board of Directors;

(b) make any amendment or waiver of this Corporation’s Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws that adversely changes the rights, preferences or privileges of the
Preferred Stock or any series thereof;

(c) increase the authorized number of, or issue, any securities
(including any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security) on parity with or
senior any series of the Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, voting, conversion, redemption
or liquidation preference, including without limitation, the Series A-1 Preferred Stock or Series
A-2 Preferred Stock;

(d) consummate or agree to consummate a Corporate Sale; except that
no approval of the Preferred Stock shall be necessary if the closing of such transaction results in
the distribution of assets to the holders of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock (or the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion thereof) pursuant to Article 1V(13). Section 2 hereof. by reason of such

SPAS) 26033 13 14
360139-3
holders’ ownership thercof, in an amount per share equal to or greater than (1) four (4) times the
Origina) Series A-2 Price (as adjusted for Recapitalization Events) with respect to any Corporate
Sale with respect to which the Corporation has first entered into a definitive agreement on or
before the date eighteen (18) months after the Series A-2 Original Issue Date (as defined in
Article IV(B), Section 5(c) hereof); and (ii) nine (9) times the Original Series A-2 Price (as
adjusted for Recapitalization Events) with respect to any Corporate Sale with respect to which
the Corporation has first entered into a definitive agreement after the date eighteen (18) months
after the Series A-2 Original Issue Date (as defined in Article IV(B), Section 5(c) hereof); and

(e) enter into any transaction or agreement between the Corporation
and Michael Birch, Xochi Birch, the Corporation’s executive officers or their affiliates or
tespective family members (except in the ordinary course of business as part of travel advances
pursuant to an expense reimbursement policy approved by the Board of Directors following the
Series A-2 Original Issue Date (as defined in Article 1V(B), Section 5(c) hereof)).

C. Common Stock. The rights, preferences. privileges and restrictions granted to
and imposed on the Common Stock are as set forth below in this Article ]V(C).

1, Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of
stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends. the holders of the Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time
to time by the Board of Directors except as otherwise limited by Article 1V(B) of this Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section 2 of
Article [V(B) hereof.

3. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote for each such share, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting
in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters
and in such manner as may be provided by law or as set forth in this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be
increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holdcrs of a majority of the stock of this Corporation entitled to vote,
irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

4. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable,

ARTICLE V

A. Limitation of Directors’ and Officers’ Liability. To the fullest extent permitted
by the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, a
director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such
exception from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware Corporation

$F9126033.13
360139-3 15
Law as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this
Article, nor the adoption of any provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation inconsistent with this Article, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article in
respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article,
would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of (and advancement of expenses 10) directors, officers, employees and other
agents of the Corporation (and any othcr persons to which Delaware law permits the
Corporation to provide indemnification), through Bylaw provisions, agreements with any such
director, officer, employee or other agent or other person, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors, or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted
by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, subject only to limits created by
applicable Delaware law (statutory or nonstatutory), with respect to actions for breach of duty to
a corporation, its stockholders and others.

B. Repeal or Modification. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions
of this Article V by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or
protection of an agent of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE VI

Except as otherwise provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
in furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is
expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or all of the Bylaws of the

Corporation.

ARTICLE VII

The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by a bylaw or
amendment thereof duly adopted by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders.

ARTICLE VIII

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation
shall so provide.

ARTICLE IX

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the
Bylaws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision
contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be
designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE X

Subject to the Protective Provisions, the Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter,
change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now

SF\3126033.13
360139-3 16
or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted
subject to this reservation.

FOUR: That said amendment and restatement was duly adopted in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law.

* * »

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

SEAS 126033.13
360139-3 17
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, on this 15th day of May, 2006 and certifies under penalty of perjury
that he has read the foregoing Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and knows the
contents thereof and that the statements therein are true.

Executed at San Francisco, California.

ped WAN

Michael Birch, President
