FILED
the office of the Secretary of Si:
646 el | Of the Stale of Calfornia

APR 1 9 20081

1
_)
ww
Cad
™)
Cm)
OY

BEGANTO, INC.
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
The undersigned certifies that:
I. Hc is the President and Secretary of Boganto, Inc., a California corporat on.

2. The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation, as amended to the date of the
filing of the Articles, including amendments sct forth hercin but not scparatcly filed (ard with the
omissions required by Section 910 of the California Corporations Code), are restated in their
entirety as set forth in Exhibit “1” attached hereto and made a part hereo< by this reference.

3. The Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation sct forth herem 1. “e
been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

4, The amendments to the Articles of Incorporation mcluded in the $:conc Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation sct forth here (other than omuxsions requ:red by Section
910 of the Corporations Code) have been duly approved by the required vote of the sharchokicrs
of the corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code.
The corporation has two classos of stock, and the total number of outstanding shzres of the
Corporation is 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 7,496,739 shares of Scrics A. Preferred
Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the Second Amended and Restatad Articles of
Incorporation sct forth herein equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote
roquared was morc than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding sharcs of Common Stock: and more
than fifty p_rcent (50%) of the outstanding sharcs of Scrics A Preferred Stock.

1 further declare under ponalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the
mattcrs set forth in this certificate are true and correct of my own knowledge.

-f you~—- -
Dated: April 12, 2006 —— Geo
unil Grovoe-feudertt and Secretary
EXHIBIT “1”

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
BEGANTO, INC.

ARTICLE I
The name of the corporation is Beganto, Inc.
ARTICLE I]

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE Il

The liability of the directors of this corporation fo: monetary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent permissible under California law. Unless applicable law otherwise provides,
any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article III shall not adversely affect any nght or
protection of a director under this Article I that existed at or prior to the time of such
amendment, repeal or modification.

ARTICLE IV
1. Authorization of Shares. This corporation is authorized to issue two (2) classes
of shares, designated “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock”. The total number cf shares of
Common Stock authorized to be issued is 25,000,000 shares. The total number of shares of
Preferred Stock authorized to be issued is 12,287,578 shares, 9,250,000 of which are designated

as “Series A Preferred Stock” and 3,037,578 of which are designated as “Series B-1 Preferred
Stock.”

ARTICLE V

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series A
Preferred Stock, the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and the Common Stock are as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Article V, the following definitions apply:
1.1 “Beard” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
1.2 “Corperatien” shall mean this corporation.
13 “Common Steck” shall mean the Common Stock of the Corporation.

2396900600/DOCS/ 1 578584.4
23969/00600/DOCS/15 78584 .4
1.4 “Common Steck Dividend” shall mean a stock dividend declared and paid
on the Common Stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock.

1.5 “Dividend Rate” shal! mean 6% of the Original Issue Price per share per
annum for the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B-1 Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock
splits, siock dividends, siock combinations, stuck subdivisions, recapitalizations or the like, with
respect to each such series of Preferred Stock).

1.6 “Original Issue Date” shal] mean the date on which the first share of
(i) Series A Preferred Stock is issued by the Corporation, for the Series A Preferred Stock; and
(ii) Series B-1 Preferred Stock is issued by the Corporation, for the Series B-! Preferred Stock.

1.7  “Origémal Issue Price” shall mean $0.35 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock and $0.54 per share for the Series B-1 Preferred Stock. Each Original issue Price
shall be as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, stock subdivisions,
recapitalizations or the like with respect to each such series of Preferred Stock.

1.8 “Permitted Repurchases” shall mean the repurchase by the Corporation of
shares of Common Stock held by auployees, officers, directors, consultants, independent
contractors, advisors, or other persons performing, services for the Corporation or a subsidiary
that are subject to restricted stock purchase agreements or stock option exercise agreements
under which the Corporation has the option to repurchase such shares: (i) at cost, upon the
occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment or services; or (ii) at any
price pursi ant to the Corporation’s exercise of a right of first refusal to repurchase such shares.

1.8 “Preferred Stock” shail mean the Scries A Preferred Stock and the Series
B-1 Preferred Stock collectively.

19 “Series A Preferred Stack” shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock of the
Corporation.

1.10 “Series B-1 Preferred Steck” shall mean the Series B-1 Preferred Stock of
the Corporation.

1.11 “Swbsigdary” shall mca any corporation of which at least fifty pezcent
(50%) of the outstanding voting stock i; at the time owned directly or indirectly by the
Corporation or by one or more of such subsidiary corporations.

2. Divided Riigints.

2.1 Series A Prefesred Stock. The holders of the then outstanding Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board, out of any
finds and assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, cumulstive dividends at the annual
Dividend Rate for the Series A Preferred Stock, prior and in preference to the payment of any
dividend on the Common Stock (other than a Common Stock Dividend). Such dividends shall
the Corporation, and shall accrue from day to day payeble only (i) when, as and if declared by the

239€9/00600/00C8/15 748564 .4
Board, (ii) upon a Liquidation Event (as defined below) or (ili) upon a Qualified Public Offering
(as defined below); provided, however, that payment of accrued but unpaid dividends may be in
cash or in Common Stock, at the option of the holder of such shares, with the number of shares
of Common Stock per bolder into which such dividends nay be converted being determined by
dividing that agyregate amount of the accrued but unpaid dividends to such holder by the then
fair market value of one share of Common Ciock. For purposes of this subsection 2.1, the fair
market value of one share of Common Stock shall be: (x) the initial "price to public" specified in
the final prospectus with respect to a Qualified Public Offering; (y) the value received by the
holders of Common Stock pursuant to a Liquidation Event; or (z) if clause (x) or (y) above is
inapplicable, determined in good faith by the Board. The holders of the outstanding Series A
Preferred Stock can waive any dividend preference that such ‘ olders shall be entitled to receive
under this subsection 2.1 upon the affirmative vote or written consen: of the holders of more than
50% of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. Unless the full amount of any
accrued and unpaid cumulative dividends accrued on the Series A Preferred Stock shall have
been paid or declared in full and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof reserved and set apart,
no dividend (other than a Common Stock Dividend) shall be paid, or declared, on any Common
Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to Permitted Repurchases.
Payments of any dividends to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B-1
Preferred Stock shall be made pro rata, on an equz! priority, pari passu basis, according to their
respective dividend preferences as set forth herein.

2.2 Series B-] Preferred Stock. In each calendar year, the kolders of the then
outstanding Series B-1 Preferred Stock shal! de entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by
the Board out of any funds and assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, non-
cumulative dividends at the annual Divider. Rate for the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, prior and in
preference to the payment of any dividends on the Common Stock in such calendar year (other
than a Common Stock Dividend). No dividends (other than a Common Stock Dividend) shall be
paid, with respect to the Common Stock during any calendar year unless dividends in the total
amount of the annual Dividend Rate for the Series B-1 Preferred Stock shall have first been paid
or de~. 'ared and set apart for payment to the holders of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock during that
calendar year; provided, huwever, that this restriction shall not apply to Permitted Repurchases.
Payments of any dividends to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B-1
Preferred Stock snail be made pro rata, on an equal priority, pari passu basis according to their
respective dividend preferences as set forth herein. Dividends on the Series B-1 Preferred Stock
shall not be mandatory or cumulative, and no rights or interest shall accrue to the holders of the
Series B-1 Preiexred Stock by reason of the fact that the Corporation shall fail to declare or pay
dividends on the Series B-1 Preferred Stock in the smourt of the annual Dividend Rate for the
Series B-1 Prefared Stock or in any other amount in any calendar year or any fiscal year of the
Corporation, whether or not the carnings of the Cozporation in any calendar year or fiscal year
were sufficient to pay such dividends m whole or in part.

2.3 Particigstion Rights. If, after dividends in the full preferential amounts
specified in this Section 2 for the Preferred Stock have been paid or declare and set apert in any
calendar year cf the Corporation, the Beard shall declare additional dividends out of fiznds legally
available there.or in that calendar year, then such additional dividends shall be declared pro rata
on the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock on a pari passu basis according to the number of

23969/00200 /DOCM/15 70884 ¢
shares. of Common Stock held by such holders, where each holder of shares of Preferred Stock is
to be treated for this purpose as holding the greatest whole number of shares of Common Stock
then issuable upon conversion of all shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder pursuant to
Section 5.

2.4 Non-Cash Dividends. Whenever a dividend provided for in this Section 2
shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such dividend shall be deemed to be the
fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board.

2.5 Payment on Conversion. If the Corporation shall have declared and
unpaid dividends with respect to any Preferred Stock, then immediately prior to, and upon 2
conversion of any of the Preferred Stock as provided in Section 5, the Corporation shall, subject
to the legal availability of funds and assets therefor and subject to any liquidation preference
rights which rr-:v have veen previously invoked under Section 3 hereof, pay in cash to the holder
of the shares of Fieferred Stock bemg converted the full amount of any dividends declared and
unpaid on such shares.

3. Liquidation Rights. In the event of a Liquidation Event, whether voluntary or
involuntary, the funds and assets that may be legally distributed to the Corporation’s shareholders
(the “4. Zable Funds and Assets”) shall be distributed to shareholders in the following manner:

3.1 Liquidation Preferences. The holders of each share of Preferred Stock
then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid, out of the A‘ ailable Funds and Assets, and prior and
in preference to any payment or distribution (or any setting apart of any payment or distribution)
of any Available Funds and Assets on any shares of Common Stock, an amount per share equal
to the Original Issue Price for each such series of Preferred Stock, respectively, plus all declared
and unpaid dividends or accrued dividends, as applicable, thereon. If upon any liquid ‘ion,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation the Available Funds and. Assets shall be i:suffic. ent
to permit the payment to holders of the Preferred Stock of their full preferenti::! amounts
described in this subsection, then all the remaining Available Funds and Assets shall be
distributed among the holders of the then outstanding Preferred Stock pro rata, on an equal
priority, pari passu basis, according to their respective liquidation preferences as set forth herein.

3.°; Participation Rights. If there are any Available Funds and Assets
remaining afte: the payment or distribution (or the setting aside for payment or distribution) to
the hoiders of the Preferred Stock of their full preferential amounts described above in this
Section 3, then all such remaining Aviil=ble Funds and Assets shall be distributed among the
holders of the then outstanding Common Stock and the Preferred Stock on a pari passu basis
according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by such holders, where each holder of
shares of Preferred Stock is to be treated for this purpose as holding the greatest whole number of
shares of Common Stock then issuable upon conversion of all shares of Preferred Stock held by
such holder pursuant to Section 5.

3.3 Merger or Sale of Ageets. Each of the following transactions shall be
deemed to be a Liquidation Event: (a) a liquidstion, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation; (b) any reorganization, consolidation, merger or similar transaction or series of

4 23969/00600/DOCS/1 578584.4
23969/0060C /DOCS/1578584 .4
related transactions (cach, a “combination transaction’) in which the Corporation is a
constituent corporation or 1s a party if, as a result of such comb‘nation transaction, the voting
securities of the Corporation that are outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of such
combination transaction (other than any such securities that are held by an “Acquiring
Shareholder”, as defined below) do not represent, or are not converted into, securities of the
surviving corporation of such combination transaction (or such surviving corporation’s parent
corporation if the surviving corporation is owned by the parent corporation) that, immediately
after the consummation of such combination transaction, together possess at least a majority of
the total voting power of all securities of such surviving corporation (or its parent corporation, if
applicable) that are outstanding immediately after the consummation of such combination
transaction, including securities of such surviving corporation (or its parent corporation, if
applicable) that are held by the Acquiring Shareholder; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation, that is followed by the distribution of the proceeds to the
Corporation’s shareholders. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, the sale of shares of Preferred
Stock in a financing transaction shall not be deemed a merger or sale of assets for purposes of
this Section 3. For purposes of this Section 3.3, an “Acquiring Shareholder” means a
shareholder or shareholders of the Corporation that (i) merges or combines with the Corporation
in such combination transactior. or (ii) owns or controls a majority of another corporation that
merges or combines with the Corporation in such combination transaction.

3.4 Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation distributed to
shareholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation
are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as determined by
the Board in good faith, except that any securities to be distributed to shareholders in a
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be valued as follows:

(a) The method of valuation of securities not subject to investment
representation letter or other similar restrictions on free marketability shall be as follows:

(i) unless otherwise specified in a definitive agreement for the
acquisition of the Corporation, if the securities are then traded on a national securities exchange
or the Nasdaq National Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over
the thirty (30) calendar day period ending three (3) trading days prior to the distribution;

(ii) if (i) above does not apply but the securities are actively
traded over-the-counter, then, unless otherwise specified in a definitive agreement for the
acquisition of the Corporation, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing did
prices over the thirty (30) calendar day period ending three (3) trading days prior to the
distribution; and

(iii) if there is no active public market as described in clauses

(i) or (ii) above, then the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith
by the Board.
(b) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in subparagraphs (a)(i),(ii) or (iii) of this subsection to reflect
the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board.

4. Voting Rights.

4.1 Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled
to one (1) vote for each share thereof held.

4.2 Preferred Stock. Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shali be entitled
to the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which such
shares of Preferred Stock could be converted pursuant to the provisions of Section 5 below at the
record date for the determination of the shareholders entitled to vote on such matters or, if no
such record date is establisned, the date such vote is taken or any written consent of shareholders
is solicited.

4.2 General. Subject to the other provisions of these Second Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation, each holder of Preferred Stock shall have full voting rights
and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock, and shall be
entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation
(as in effect at the time in question) and applicable law, and shall be entitled to vote, together
with the holders of Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common
Stock have the right to vote, except as may be otherwise provided by applicable law. Except as
otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the
holders of Commca Stock shall vote together and not as separate classes.

5. Conversion Rights. The outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be
convertible into Common Stock as follows:

5.1 Optional Conversion.

(a) At the option of the holder thereof, each share of Preferred Stock
shall be convertible, at any time or from time to time into fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock as provided herein.

(b) Each holder of Preferred Stock who elects to convert the same into
shares of Common Stock shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at
the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or Common Stock, and
shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the
same and shall state therein the number of shares of Preferred Stock veins converted. Thereupon
the Corporation shall promptly issue and deliver at such office to such holder a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Commor Stock to which such holder is entitled upon
such conversion. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the
close of business on the date of such surrender of the certificate or certificates representing the
shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person entitled to receive the shares of

6 23969/00600/DOCE/ I 578584.4
23969/00600/D0CB/1578S84.4
Comimon Stock issuable upon such conversion shail be treated for all purposes as the record
holder of such shares of Common Stock on such date. If a conversion election under this
subsection 5.1 is made in connection with an underwritten offering of the Corporation’s
securities pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (which underwritten offering does
not cause an automatic conversion pursuant to subsection 5.2 to take place) the conversion may,
at the option of the holder tendering shares of Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned
upon the closing with the underwiters of the sale of the Corporation’s securities pursuant to such
offering. ‘n which event the holders making such elections who are entitled to receive Common
Stock - pon conversion of the:r Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
shares of Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of the Corporation’s
securities in the offering.

5.2 Automatic Conversion.

(a) Each share of Preferred Stock shal] automatically be converted into
fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock, as provided herein (i) immediately prior
to the closing of a firm commitment underwmitten public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and
sale of Common Stock for the account of the Corporation in which the aggregate public offering
price (before deduction of underwriters’ discounts and commissions) equals or exceeds Twenty’
Million Dollars ($20,000,000) (a “Qualified Public Offering”) or (ii) upon the Corporation’s
receipt of the written consent of the holders of not less than a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a single class and on an as-converted to Common Stock
basis, to the conversion of all then outstanding Preferred Sto < under this Section 5.

(b) Upon the occurrence of any event specified in subparagraph
5.2(aXi) or (ii) above, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted into Common
Stock automatically without the need for any further action by the holders of such shares and
whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its
transfer agent; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates
evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates
evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loas incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic conversion of the Preferred Stock, the
holders of Preferred Stock shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of
the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or Common Stock. Thereupon,
there shall be issued and delivered to such holder promptly at such office and in its name as
shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock surrendered were convertible
on the date on which such automatic conversion occurred.

5.3 Conversion Price. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible in
accordance with subsection 5.1 or subsection 5.2 above into the number of shares of Common
Stock which results from dividing the Original Issue Price for such series of Preferred Stcck by

7 2396900680/DOCH/1 5785844
23969/00600/DOCB/15 78584 .4
the conversion price for such series of Preferred Stock that is in effect at the time of conversion
(the “Conversion Price”). The initial Conversion Price for each such series of Preferred Stock
shall be the Original Issue Price for such series of Preferred Stock. The Conversion Price of each
series of the Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided below.
Following each adjustment of the Conversion Price, such adjusted Conversion Price shall remain
in effect until a further adjustment of such Conversion Price hereunder.

5.4 Adjustment Upon Common Stock Event. Upon the happening of a
Common Stock Event (as hereinafter defined), the Conversion Price of each such series of
Preferred Stock shall, simultaneously with the happening ~f such Common Stock Event, be
adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price of such series of Preferred Stock in effect
immediately prior to such Common Stock Event oy a fraction, (i) the numerator of which shall be
the nwaber of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to such
Common Steck Event, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after such Common Stock Event, and the
product so obtained shall thereafter be the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock.
The Conversion Price for a ssries of Preferred Stock shall be readjusted in the same manner upon
the happenirg of each subsequent Common Stock Event. As used herein, the term the “Common
Stock Event’ shall mean at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date, (i) the
issue by the Corporation of additional shares of Common Stock as a dividend or other
distribution on outstanding Common Stock, (ii) a subdivision of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, or (iii) a combination of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stuck.

5.5 Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. If at any time or from
time to time after the Original Issue Date the Corporation pays a dividend or makes another
distribution to the holders of the Common Stock payable in securities of the Corporation, other
than an event constituting a Common Stock Event, then in each such event provision shall be
made so that the holders of the Preferred Stock shall receive upon conversion thereof, in add‘tion
to the number of shares of Common Stock receivable upon conversion thereof, the amount of
securities of the Corporation which they would have received had their Preferred Stock been
converted into Common Stock on the date of such event (or such record date, as applicable) and
had they thereafter, during the period from the date of such event (or such record date, as
applicable) to and including the conversion date, retained such securities receivable by them as
aforesaid during such period, subjeci to all other adjustments called for during such period under
this Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock or with respect to
such other securities by their terms.

5.6 ul : Substivition. If at any time
or from time to tims afte tre Origen tenon Dae Be et enable upea the
conversion of the Preferred Stcck is changed into the same or a different number of shares of any
class or classes of stock, whether by recapitalization, reclassification or otherwise (other than by
a Common Stock Event or a stock dividend, reorganization, merger, or consolidation provided
for elsewhere in this Section 5), then in any such event each holder of Preferred Stock shall have
the right thereafter to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other securities
and property receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification or other change by holders of

8 2396900600/DOCS/1 578584. 5

s20¢ce/natan inere /iEIaeAs 4
the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock could have
been converted immediately prior to such recapitalization, rec\assification or change, all subject
to further adjustment as provided herein or with respect to suc! other securiues or property by the
terms thereof.

5.7 Reorganizations, Mergers and Consolidations. If at any time or from time
to time after the Origi:ial Issue Date there is a reorganization of the Corporation (other than a
recapitalization, subdivision, combination, reclassification or exchange of shares provided for
elsewhere in this Section 5) or a merger or consclidation of the Corporation with or into another
corporation (except an event which is governed under subsection 3.3), then, as a part of such
reorganization, merger or consolidation, provision shall be made so that the holders of the
Preferred Stock thereafter shall be entitled to receive, upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation, or of such successor
corporation resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation, to which a holder of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitied on such reorganization,
merger or consolidation. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the
application of the provisions of this Section 5 with respect to the rights of the holders of the
Preferred Stock after the reorganization, merger or consolidation to the end that the provisions of
this Section 5 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and number of shares
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be as
nearly equivalent to the provisions hereof as may be practicable. This subsection 5.7 shall
similarly apply to successive reorganizations, mergers and consolidations. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 5, if any reorganization, merger or
consolidation is approved by the vote of shareholders required by Section 6 herecf, then such
transaction and the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock pursuant to such
reorganization, merger or consolidation will be governed by the documents entered into in
connectior: with such transaction and not by the provisions of this Section 5.7.

5.8 Sale of Shares Below Conversion Price.

(a) Adjustment Formula. If at any time or from time to time after the
Original Issue Date the Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed by the provisions of this
subsection 5.8 to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock (as hereinafter
defined), otherwise than in connection with a Common Stock Event as proviced in subsection
5.4, a dividend or distribution as provided in subsection 5.5; a recapitalization, reclassification or
other change as provided in subsection 5.6, or a reorgavization, merger or consolidation as
provided in subsection 5.7, for an Effective Price (as hereinafter u_‘ined) that is less than the
Conversion Price for a series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale
(or deemed issue cr sale), then, and ir each such case, the Conversion Price for such series of
Preferred Stock shall be reduced, as of the close of business on the date of such issue or sale, to
the price obtained by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction:

(i) The numerator of which shall be the sum of (A) the numbe~
of Common Stock Equivalents Outstanding (0s hereinafter defined) immediately prior to such
issue or sale of Additional Shares of Common Stock plus (B) th: quotient obtained by dividing
the Aggregate Consideration Received (as hereinafter isfined) by the Corporation for the total

23969/00600/DOCB/1578504 .4
‘number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued or sold (or deemed so issued and sold)
by the Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately pnor to such
issue or sale; and

(ii) | The denominator of which shail be the sum of (A) the
number of Common Stock Equivalents Outstanding immediately prior to such issue or sale plus
(B) the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued or sold (or deemed so issued
and sold).

(b) Certain Definitions. For the purpose of making any adjusiment
required under this subsection 5.8:

(i) The “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all
shares of Common Stock issued b+ the Corporation, or decmed issued as provided in Section
5.8(c) below, whether or not subsequently reacquired or retired by the Corporation, other than:

(A) | snares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of the outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock;

(B) any shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock
(and/or options, warrants or rights therefor) granted or issued hereafter to employees, officers,
directors, contractors, consultants or advisers tc, the Corporation or any Subsidiary pursuant to
incentive agreements, stock purchase or stock option plans, stuck bonuses or awards, warrants,
contracts or other arrangements pursuant to an option plan that is approved by the Buard;

(C) any shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock or
Preferred Stock (and/or options or warrants therefor) issuable or issued to parties that are
(i) actual or potential suppliers or customers, strategic partners investing in connection with a
commercial relationship with the Corporation or (ii) providing the Corporation with equipment
leases, real property leases, loans, credit lines, guaranties of indebtedness, cash price reductions
or similar transactions, under arrangements, in each case, approved by the Board;

(D) shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock issued
pursuant to the acquisition of another corporation or entity by the Corporation by consolidation,
merger, purchase of all or substantially all of the assets, or other reorganization in which the
Corporation acquires, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, all or :ubstantially
all of the assets of such other corporation or entity or fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting
power of cach class and series of capital stock or other voting security of such other corporation
or entity or fifty percent (50%) or more of the equity ownership of such other entity, provided
that such transaction or series of transsctions has been approved by the Board and the Board
concludes that no antidilution rights should apply;

(E) shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
any options, warrants or rights to purchase any securities of the Corporation outstanding as of the
date of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and any s<curities issuable
upon the conversion thereof;

10 23969/00600/DOCS/1 578584.4
23969/00600/DOCS/1578584 .4
(F) | shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in a
public offering priuz to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock will
be converted to Common Stock;

(G) | Common Stock issued or deemed issued pursuant to
a Common Siock Event; and

(H) any shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock (or
options, or warrants or rights to acquire same), issued or issuable hereafter that are
(i) unanimously approved by the Board, and (ii) approved by the vote of at least a majority of the
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, as being excluded srom the definiuon of
“Additional Shares of Common Stock” under this subparagraph 5.8(b).

(11) The “Aggregate Consideration Received” by the
Corporation for any issue or sale (or deemed issue or sale) of securities shall (A) to the extent it
consists of cash, be computed at the gross amount of cash received by the Corporation before
deduction of any underwriting or similar commissions, compensation or concessions paid or
allowed by the Corporation in connection with such issue or sale and without deduction of any
expenses payable by the Corporetion; (B) to the extent it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair value of that property as determined in good faith by the Board; and (C) if
Additional Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or Rights or Options to purchase
either Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold together
with other stock or securities or other assets of the Corporation for a consideration which covers
both, be computed as the portion of the consideraticn so received that may be reasonably
determined in good faith by the Board to be allocable to such Additional Shares of Common
Stock, Convertible Securities or Rights or Options.

(iii) The “Common Stock Equivalents Outstanding” snail
mean the number of shares of Common Stock that is equal to the sum of (A) all shares of
Ccmmon Stock of the Corporation that are outstanding at the time in question, plus (B) all shares
of Common Stock of the Corporation issuable upon conversion of all shares of Preferred Stock
or other Convertible Securities that are outstanding at the time in question, plus (C) all shares of
Common Stock of the Corporation that are issuable upon the exercise of Rights or Options that
are outstanding at the time in question assuming the full conv-rsion or exchange inte Common
Stock of all such Rights or Options that are Rights or Options to pu.chase or acquire Convertible
Securities into or for Common Stock.

(iv) The “Convertible Securities” shall mean stock or otuer
securities convertible into or exchangeable for sharce >f Common Stock.

(v) The “Effective Price” of Additional Shares of Common
Stock shal] mean the quotient determined by dividing the total number of Additional Shares of
Common Stock issued or sold, or deemed to have been issued or sold, by the Corporation under
this subsection 5.8, into the Aggregate Consideration Received, or deemed to have been received,
by the Corporation 1 nder this subsection 5.8, for the issue of such Additional Shares of Common
Stock; and
/ (vi) The “Rights or Options” shall mean warrants, options or
other nghis to purchase or acquire s. res of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(c) Deemed Issuances. For the purpose of making any adjustmeni to
the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock required under this subsection 5.8, if the
Corporation issues or sells any Rights or Options or Convertible Securtties and if the Effective
Price of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Rights or Options and/or the
conversien or exchange of Convertible Securities (computed without reference to any additional
or similar protective or antidilution clauses) is less than the Conversion Price then in effect for a
series of Preferred Stock, then the Corporation shali be deemed to have issued, at the time of the
issuance of such Rights, Options or Convertible Securities, that number of Additional Shares of
Common Stock that is equal to the maximum number of shares of Common Stock ‘ssuable upon
exercise or conversion of such Rights, Options or Convertible Securities upon their issuance and
to have received, as the Aggregate Consideration Received for the issuarice of such shares, an
amount equal to the total amount of the consideration, if any, received by the Corporation for the
issuance of such Rights or Options or Convertible Securities, plus, in the case of such Rights or
Options, the minimum amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation upon the
exercise in full of such Rights or Options, plus, in the cuse of Convertible Securities, the
minimum amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation (other than by
caicellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) upon the
conversion or exchange thereof; provided that:

(i) if the minimum amounts of such consideration cannot be
ascertained, but are a function of antidilution or similar protective clauses, then the Corporation
shall be deemed to have received the minimum amounts of consideration without reference to
such clauses;

(ii) | if the minimum amount of consideration payable to the
Cerporation upon the exercise of Rights or Options or the conversion or exchange of Convertible
Securities is reduced over time or upon the occurrence or non-vccurrence of specified events
other than by reason of antidilution or similar protective adjustments, then the Effective Price

shall be recalculated using the figure to which such minimum amount of consideration is
reduced; and

(iii) if the minimum amount of consideration payable to the

Corporation upon the exercise of such Rights or Options or the conversion or exchange of

Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, then the Effective Price shall again be

recalculated using the increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Corporation

upon the exercise of such Rights or Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
ecurities.

No further adjustment of the Conversion Price, adjusted upon the issuance of such Rights or
Options or Convertible Securities, shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of shares of
Common Stock on ihe exercise of any such Rights or Options or the conversion or exchange of
any such Convertible Securities. If any such Rights or Options or the conversion rights
represented by any such Convertible Securities shall expire without having been fully exercised,

12 23969/00600/DOCS/1 578584.4
23969,/00600/DOCS/1578584.4
then the Conversion Price as adjusted upon the issuance of such Rights or Options or Convertible
Securities shall be readjusted to the Conversion Price which would have been in effect had an
adjustment been made on the basis that the only shares of Common Stock so issued were the
shares of Common Stock, if any, that were actually issued or sold on the exercise of such Rights
or Options cr nights of conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, and such shares of
Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the
Corporation upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the
Corporation for the granting of all such Rights or Options, whether or not exercise2, plus the
consideration received for issuing or selling all such Convertible Securities actually converted or
exchanged, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation (vther than by
cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, provided that such readjustment shall not
apply to prior conversions of Preferred Stock.

5.9 Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or readjustment
of the Conversion Price for a series of Preferred Stock, the Corporation, at its expense, shall
cause its Chief Financial Officer to compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with
the provisions hereof and prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and
shall mail such certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of the
Preferred Stock at the holder’s address as shown in the Corporation’s books.

5.10 Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common =‘tock shall be issued
upon any conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional share to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay the holder cash equal to the product of
such fraction multiplied by the Common Stock’s fair market value as determined in good faith by
the Board as of the date of conversion.

5.11 R ion of ion. The Corporation shall at
all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shaves of the Preferred Stock, such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall promptly take such
corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for sucn
purpose.

5.12 Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of these Articles of
Incorporation to be given to the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock shall be deemed given
upon the earlier of actual receipt or deposit in the United States rail, by certified or registered
mail, retum receipt requested, postage prepaid, or delivery by a recognized express courier, fees
prepaid, addressed to cach holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on the books
of the Corporation.

13 23969/00600/DOC S/ 1 578584.4
23969/00600/D0CS/1578584 .4
5.13 No Impairment. Other than with the approval of the Board and the
shareholders in accordance with the Articles and applicable law, the Corporation shall not avoid
or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Corporation, but shall at all times in good faith assist in carrying out all such
action as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights, preferences
and privileges of the holuers of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

6. Restrictions and Limitations.

6.1 Class Protective Provisions. The Corporation shall not, without the
approval, by vote or written consent, of the holders of at least a majority of the Preferred Stock
then outstanding, voting as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis take any
action (whether by amendment of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation,
merger, consolidation or otherwise) to:

(1) adversely alter or change the nights, preferences, privileges or
restrictions of the Preferred Stock:

(2) reclassify any outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Corporation into shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity with the
Preferred Stock;

(3) authorize or issue, or obligate itself to issue, any capital stock
(including any security convertible into or exercisable for any such capital stock) having rights,
preferences or privileges senior to or being on a parity with the Preferred Stock as to dividend
rights, redemption rights, or liquidation preferences;

(4) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the total number of
authorized shares of Preferred Stock;

(5) declare or pay any dividends on or declare or make any other
distribution, purchase, redemption or acquisition (other than Permitted Repurchases), directly or

indirectly, on account of any shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock now or hereafter
outstanding;

(6) change the authorized number of members of the Board;
(7) amend the Corporation's Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;

(8) incur debt on behalf of the Corporation in the amount of $250,000

or more;

(9) enter into ar agreement which grants exclusive rights to the
Corporation’s technology to a third party; or

14 2396@/00600/DOCS/1578584.4
23969/00600/DOCB/1578S84 .4
(10) authonze a reorganization, recapitalization, merger, sale of all or
substantially all of the Corporation’s assets. or similar transaction (other than a transaction or
transactions exclusively to effect a change of domicile of the Corporation).

7. Miscellaneous
7.1 No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No share or shares of Preferred Stock

acquired by the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise sh:ll be
reissued, and all such shares shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated from the shares whi -h the
Corporation shall be authorized to issue.

7.2 Consent to Certain Transactions. Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock
shall, by virtue of its acceptance of a stock certificate evidencing Preferred Stock, be deemed to
have consentea, for purposes of Sections 502, 503 and 506(b)(2) of the California Corporations
Code, to all Permitted Repurchases.

ARTICLE VI

Except as otherwise provided in these Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation and Section 212 of the California Corporations Code, the Board shall have the
power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE Vil

To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director of the Corporation shall be personally
liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Without limiting the
effect of the preceding sentence, if the California Corporations Code is hereafter amended to
authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of a director, then the liability of a
director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the
California Corporations Code, as so amended.

Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIL, nor the adoption of any provision
of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article
VII, shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability
of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or adoption of

such an inconsistent provision.

15 23969400600/DOCS/ 1 578584.4
228€£09/00600/DOCB /1578584 .4
