FILED

A0629226 1 the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of California
229 844] JUN 96 2005"
AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
BELLAMAX, INC.

Julie Wainwright and James F. Fulton certify that:
1. They are the President ard Secretary respec‘ively of Bellamax, Inc., a California corporation.

2. The Arucles of Incorporation of this corporation, as amended, are hereby amended and
restated to read as follows:

The name of this corporation is Bellamax, Inc.
0.

The purpose or this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for whick a corporation may
be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other “han the banking business, the trust
company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be incorporated by the California Corporations
Code.

Ti.

(a) This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be designated
respectively Preferred Stock (“Preferred”) and Common Stock (“Common”). The total number of shares of
Preferred this corporation shsll have authority to issue is 14,000,000, and the total number of shares of
Common this corporation skll have authority to issue is 23,000,000.

(i) This corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its
authorized but unissued shares of Common, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of
the Preferred, such number of its shares of Common as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of the Preferred. This corporation shall from time to time, in accordance
with the laws of the State of Califormia, increase the authorized amount of its Common if at any time the
number of Common shares remaining unissued and available for issuance shall not be sufficient to permit
conversion of the Preferred.

(ii) —_ Effective immediately upon the filing of this Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation (1) each outstanding share of Common shall be automatically combined into 1/100* of a
converted into 1/100 ofa share ef Cones and (3) oh ouatarteen de of te Comoretion’ Seri B
converted into 1/100* of a share cf Common; and (3) each outstanding share of the Corporation’s Series B
Prefurred shall be autoenatecally converted ines 1/104 of a share of Common (collectively, the combmations
and conversions referenced in subsectiors (1) through (3) of this paragraph shall hereinafter be referred to as
the “Reverse Stock Split”). No fractional shares shall issue in connection with the Reverse Stock Split, and
cash based on the fair market value of the Common, as determined in good faith by the Corporation’s Board
of Directors, shall be paid in lieu of any fractional share.

STADE wD SLIN
. (b) 14,000,000 shares of the Preferred are designated Series A-1 Preferred Stock (the
‘Series A-1 Preferred”), none of which are issued and outstanding. The Series A-] Preferred shall have the
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions set forth in paragraph (c) below.

(c) The relanve rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed
upon the respective classes and series of the shares of capital stock or the holders thereof are as follows:

Section 1. General_Definitions. For purposes of this Article, the following definitions shall
apply:

(a) “Junior Shares” shall men all] Common and any other shares of this corporation
other than the Preferred.

(b) “Qriginal Issue Date” shall mean the date on whjch a share of Series A-1 Preferred

(c) “Subsidiary” shall mean any corporation at least 50% of whose outstanding voting
shares shall at the trme be owned by this corporation and/or one or more of such subsidiaries.

Section 2. Divi Ri of Preferred. The holders of the Series A-1 Preferred shall be
entitled to receive, out of any funds legally available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or
payment of any dividend on the Junior Shares, cash dividends in the amount of (i) $0.0285 per share per
annum on each outstanding share of Series A-1 Preferred (as adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) if, when, and as declared by the
Board of Directors, out of funds legally available thereof. The right to such dividends on the Preferred shall
not be cumulative, and no right shall accrue to holders of the Preferred if dividends on such shares are not
declared or paid in any prior year. Dividends and distributions may be paid (or declared and set aside for
payment) upon shares of Common in any calendar year only if dividends shall have been paid (or declared
and set aside for payment) on account of all shares of Preferred then issued and outstanding, at the foregoing
rate. In the event dividends are paid on any share of Common, the corporation shall pay an additional
dividend on all outstanding shares of Preferred in a per share amount equal (on an as-if-converted to Common
basis) to the amount paid or set aside for cach share of Common.

In the event that this corporation shall have declared any unpaid dividends outstanding
immediately prior to, and in the event of, a conversion of the Preferred (as provided in Section 5 hereof), this
corporation shall pay in cash to the holder(s) of the Preferred, subject to such ccavcrsion, the full amount of
any such dividends.

Section 3. Liquidation Pref

(a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this: corporation, cither
voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Preferred shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to
any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of this corporation to the holders of the Common by
reason of their ownership thereof, the amount of $0.57 per share for each share of Series A-1 Preferred then
held by them (as adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, consolidations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) and, in addition, an amount equal to all declared but unpaid
dividends on such Preferred. If, upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and finds thus distributed
among the holders of the Preferred shall be insufficient to permit the payment of the full preferential amount
to such holders, then the entire assets and funds of this corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of the Preferred. After full payment has been made to the holders of the
Preferred of the foregoing amounts to which they shall be entitled, the remaining assets of this corporation
available for distribution to shareholders shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Preferred and

524605 v2/HN
Junior Shares based on the number of shares of Common held by each of them (calculated assuming
conversion of all of the shares of Preferred into Common).

(b) For purposes of this Section 3, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this
corporation shal] include, but is not limited to, any of the following: (i) this corporation’s sale of all or
substantially all of its assets, (ii) any merger, consolidation or other similar transaction involving this
corporation, unless upon the conclusion of such transaction, and after giving effect thereto, the shareholders
of this corporation immediately prior to such tansaction would continue to own, in substantially the same
percentages, mor: than 50% of the shares of the surviving corporation following such transaction, or (111) any
transaction or series of related transactions to which this corporation is a party in which in excess of 50% of
this corporation’s voting power is transferred.

(c) For purposes of this Section 3, if the distributions or consideration received by the
shareholders of this corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed tc be its fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of this corporation. In the case of publicly traded
securities listed on an exchange, fair market value shall mean the average last closing sale price for shares of
this corporation’s Common. as reported by such exchange or by a consolidated tra: saction reporting system
for the five-day period immediately preceding the date of such distribution. In the case of publicly traded
securities listed on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automatic Quotation System, Inc. (the
“Nasdaq”), fair market value shall mean the average last closing bid price as reported for shares of this
corporation’s Common or such successor or similar organization, for the five-day period immediately
preceding the date of such distribution.

Section 4. | Redemption.

(a) If at any time on or after the fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date, if this
corporation should receive from the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of ine Series A-1
Preferred a notice of their election to exercise their right under this Section 4 (the “Election Notice”) (the date
on which the corporation receives the last Election Notice required to constitute a majority of the then
outstanding Series A-1 Preferred is referred to herein as the “Redemption Date”), this corporation shall,
provided it may lawfully do so, redeem in three annual installments as set forth in Section 4(c) (each an
“Annual Redemption Date”) all of the shares of the Series A-1 Preferred outstanding on the date of such event
in accordance with this Section 4. The number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred that this corporation shall de
required to redeem on any Annual Redemption Date shall be equal to the amount determined by dividing (A)
tne aggregate number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred outstanding immediately prior to the Annual
Redemption Date by (B) the number of remaining Annual Redemption Detes (including the Annual
Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). Shares subject to redemption pursuant to this Section
&(@) shal be redeemed from each holder of Series A-1 Preferred on a pro rata basis, based on the number of

$ then held.

(b) Price. This corporation shall pay for each share of Series A-1 Preferred to be
redeemed pursuant to this Section 4, $0.57 per each share of Series A-1 Preferred (adjusted to reflect stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations, consolidations, recapitalizations and the like) and, in addition, an
amount equal to all declared but unpaid dividends (the “Redemption Price”).

(c) Redemption Dete: Notice. Within thirty (30) days after the Redemption Date (the
“Notice Date”), written notice shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to each holder of Series A-1 Preferred (each a
“Series A-1 Preferred Holder”) at the address last shown on the records of this corporation, notifying such
Series A-1 Preferred Holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying the number of shares to be redeemed
from such Series A-1 Preferred Holder on cack Annual Redemption Date, the Annual Redemption Dates, the
applicable Redemption Price, and the date on which such Series A-1 Preferred Holder’s Conversion Rights
(as defined in Section 5) as to such shares terminate (which date shall be the close of business on each Annual

em sees oe
Redemption Date, unless default is made in payment of the P -demption Price) and informing such Series A-1
Preferred Holder of the manner and the place designated for surrender to this corporation of the certificate or
certificates rerresenting the portion of the shares of Series A-1 Preferred then held by such Series A-!
Preferred Holder to be redeemed (such notice is hereinafter referred to as the “Redemption Notice”). Within
ten (10) days after the Notice Date, each Series A-] Preferred Holder shall surrender to this corpuration the
certificate or certificates representing the pornon of the shares of Series A-1] Preferred to be redeemed, in the
manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the Redemption Price of such
shares shall be paid by delivery of cash to the order of the person whose name appears on such certificate or
certificates as the owner of such shares and each surrendered certificate shall be canceled (the preceding
procedure shal] be hereinafter referred to as the “Payment”). If a certificate surrendered by a Series A-1
Preferred Holder pursuant to this Section 4{c) represents a number of shares greater than that number of
shares with respect to which the Series A-1 Preferred Holder is designating for redemption pursuant to this
Sechon 4, this corporation shall issue and deliver to such Series A-1 Preferred Holder a certificate
representing the shares not so redeemed. From and after each Annual Redemption Date, all rights of the
Series A-1 Preferred Holder in the Series A-1 Preferred designated for redemption on such Annual
Redemption Date in the Redemption Notice (except the right to receive the Redemption Price) shall cease anc
terminate with respect to such shares, and such shares shall not subsequently be transferred on the books of
this corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. If the funds of this corporation
legally available for redempticn of shares of Series A-1 Preferred on the Notice Date are msufficient to
redeem the total number of shares of Series A-1 Prefecred to be redeemed on any Annual Redemption Date,
those funds that are legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares
ratably among the holders of such shares to be redeemed on such Annual Redemption Date such that each
holder of a share of Series A-1 Preferred receives the same percentage of the applicable Redemption Pnce.
The shares of Series A-1 Preferred not redeemed shall remain outstanding and entitled to all the rights and
preferences provided herein. At any time thereafter when additional funds of this corporation are legally
available for the redemption of shares of Series A-! Preferred, such funds will inunediately be used to redeem
the balance of the shares that this corporation has become obliged to redeem on any Annual Redemption Date
but that it has not redeemed.

(d) Deposit. On or prior to the Notice Date, this corporation shall deposit the
Redemption Price for all the shares of Series A-1 Preferred designated for redemption in the Redemption
Notice with a bank or trust company having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of five hundred million
dollars ($500,000,000) as a trust fund for the benefit of the Series A-1 Preferred Holders, with irrevocable
instructions and authority to the bank or trust company to publish a comprehensive Redemption Notice and to
pay one-third of the Redemption Price as set forth in Section 4(c) for such shares to the Holders on each
Annual Redemption Date, which dates shall 2e as follows: (i) the first business day following a ten-day
period after the Notice Date (the “First Payment Date”); (ii) the first business day that is one year after the
First Payment Date; and (iii) the first business day that is two years after the First Payment Date. The balance
of any funds deposited by this corporation pursuant to this Section 4(d) remaining unclaimed at the expiration
of two (2) years and one (1) month following the last Annual Redemption Date shall be returned to this
corporation upon its request expressed in a resolution of its Board of Directors.

Section 5. Conversion. The holders of Preferred shall have conversion rights as follows (the
“Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred, at the option of its holder, at the office of
this corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred, at any time after the date of issuance of such share,
shall be convertible into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common as is determined in
the case of the Series A-1 Preferred, by dividing $0.57 for each share of Series A-1 Preferred by the
conversion price in effect at the time of the conversion (“Series A-1 Conversion Price”). The initial Series A.
1 Conversion Price shall be $0.57 for each share of Series A-1 Preferred. The Series A-1 Conversion Price
referred to herein as “Conversion Price”. Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as hereinafter
provided.

(b) Autornauic Conversion. Each share of Preferred shall be automancally converted into
shares of Common at the then effective Conversion Price applicable to such series of Freferred, upon the
earlier of (i) the date that the holders of a majonty of the outstanding shares of Preferred, voting together as 2
single class, consent to such conversion or (ii) upon the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public
offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering
the offer and sale of Common for the account of this corporation to the public, provided that the public
offermg price is not less than $1.09 per share (as adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations, consolidations, recapitalizations and the like) and the aggregate gross proceeds to this
corporation (after underwriting discounts, commissions and fees) are $20,000,000 or more. The Preferred
shall not be deemed to have converted until immediately prior to closing of such offering.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common shall be issued upon
conversion of any share of Preferred. In lieu of any fractional share to which the holder wc sid ctherwise be
entitled (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Preferred held by such holder could be converted),
this corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then fair market value of the Common,
as determined by the Board of Directors. Before any holder of Preferred shall be entitled to convert the same
iio full shares of Common, such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed,
at the office of this corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred, and shall give writ .n notice to this
corporation at such office that he elects to convert the same. This corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred, a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common to which he shall be entitled, together with a check payable to the holder in the
amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion into fractional shares of Common. Such
conversion shall be de :med to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the shares of Preferred to be converted, or in the case of automatic conversion, on the effective
cate of the offering as provided in Section 5(b) above, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares
of Common issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of
such shares of Common on such date.

(d)

Gi) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 5(d), the following
definitions shall apply:

(1) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for,
purchase or otherwise acquire either Common or Convertible Securities.

(2)  “Convertinle Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness,
shares (other than Common) or other securities convertibje into or exchangeable for Common.

(3) “Additional Shares” shall mean all shares of Common issued (or,
pursuant to Section 5(d){i11) below, deemed to be issued) after the Original Issue Date, other than shares of
Common issued or issuable:

(A) upon conversion of Preferred;
(B) sup to 3,000,000 shares of Common (as adjusted to reflect

stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, consolidations, recapitalizations and the like) to officers, directors
or employees of, or consultants to, this corporation pursuant to a stock grant or stock plans or agreements

approved by the Board of Directors (the “Employee Reserve”) or such higher number as approved in writing
by holders of a majority in interest of the outstanding Preferred;

(C) up to !00,000 shares (as adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock
dividends, combinations, consolidations, recapitalizations and the like) of equity securities to any bank,
equipment lessor, creditor, landlord, supplier or customer pursuant to a transaction that is for primarily non-
financial purposes and approved by the Board of Directors, or such higher number of shares approved m
writing by holders of a majority in interest of the outstanding Preferred;

(D) shares “f Common issued pursuant to the exercise of any
Convertibl< Securities outstanding as of the Original Issue Date; and

(E) any equity securities issued for consideration other than
cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition, strategic alliance or similar business
combination approved by the Board of Directors and the holders of a majority of the outstanding
Preferred.

(ii) | No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion Price
of a particular share of Preferred shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common
unless the consideration per share for an Additional Share of Common issued or deemed to be issued by this
corporation is less than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, for
such share of Preferred.

(1) tions |

rime to time after the Original Iss) Date ee er en convertible Seeurities o
shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such
Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating
thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of
Common issuable upon the exercise of such Opsions or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options
therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares
of Common issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date sha!] have been fixed, as of the
close of business on such record date, provided that Additional Shares of Common shall not be deemed to
have been issued as to the Preferred unless the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section
5(*Xv) hereof) of such Additional Shares of Common would be less than the Conversion Price applicable to
such series of Preferred in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, or such record date, as
the case may be, and provided further that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common are
deemed to be issued:

(A) no further adjustment ix: the Conversion Price shall be made
upon the subsequent issues of Convertible Securities or shares of Common upon the exercise of such Options
or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities;

(B) _ if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration payable to this
corporation, or decrease in the number of shares of Common issuable (asclud'~< a decrease resulting from the
expiration of such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities), upon the
exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or
upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thereon,
shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or

524605 v2/HN
Cecrease insofar as it affects such Options or the tights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible
Secunties as if such Options or Convertible Securities had never been issued; and

(C) no readjustment pursuant to clause (B) above shall have the
effect of increasing the Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the Conversion Price on
the original adjustment da‘e, or (ii) the Conversion Price that would have resulted from any issuance of
Additional Shares of Common between the origmal adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(2) Share Dividends. In the event this corporation at any time or
from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall declare or pay any dividend on the Common
payable in Common, Options or Convertible Securities, the Additional Shares of Common shail be
deemed to have been issued immediately after the date of business on the record date for the
determination of holders or any class of securities entitled to receive such dividend.

In the event this corporation shal] issue Additionai Shares (including Additional Shares deemed to be issued
pursuant to Section 5(d\i1i)} other than as provided in Sections 5(e) or S(h) without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the Series A-] Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately
prior to such issue, then, and in such event, such Conversion Price for such series of Preferred shall be
reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by the following
formula:

La

CSxCP(1) + C

CP(2) =
()-—TSAS

(1) CP(1) = the Conversion Price for such series in effect on the
date of and immediately prior to such issue;

(2) CP(2) = the Conversion Price for such series as so adjusted;

(3) CS = the number of shares of Common outstanding
immediately prior to such issuance (including shares of Common issuable upon conversion or exercise of any
Convertible Securities and the Preferred, or upon exercise of Options outstanding immediately prior to such
issuance);

(4) C = the aggregate consideration. if any, received by this

corporation for the total number of Additional Shares %0 issued, provided that if the Additional Shares are
issued without consideration then C shall be zero (0); and

(5) AS = the number of such Additional Shares so issued.
5(dXiii) and an adjustment of the Conversion Price is made with respect thereto, such Additional Shares shall

be deemed to be outstanding shares of Common for the purposes of the foregoing formula as applied to future
issuances.

524605 v2/HN
(v) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 5(d), the
consideration received by this corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares shall be computed as

follows:
(1) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(A) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate
amount of cash received by this corporation excluding amounts paid or payable for accrued interest or
accrued dividends, and provided further that no deduction shall be made for any commissions or expenses
paid or incurred by this corporation for any underwriting of the issue or otherwise in connection therewith;

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors; and

(C) _ in the event Additional Shares are issued together with other
shares or securities or othe: assets of this corporation for consideration which covers both, be the proportion
of such consideration so received in respect of the Additional Shares, computed as pru vided in clauses (A)
and (B) above, as determined m: good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2)  Qptions snd Convertible Securities. The consideration per share
received by this corporation for Additional Shares deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 5(d\iii),
relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing

(x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by this
corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard
to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to this
corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities
or, in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities
and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common (as set forth in
the imstruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities.

(e) jus sobinations. If this corporation at any time or
from time 10 tins effe  E aanaee e Conmenon Price then in effect
immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased, and conversely, if this corporation at
any time or from time to time combines the outstanding shares of Common, the Conversion Price then in
effect immediately before the combination sh:!l be proportionately increased. Any adjustment under this
Section 5(e) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination
becomes effective.

(f) i tions. If at any time or from time to
time after the Original lenac Dete this corpereces pee Oe ef Done a divided or other distribution
in additional shares of Common without a corresponding dividend or other distribution to holders of
Preferred, the Conversion Price that is then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance, as
provided below:

524605 v2/HN
(a) The Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price
then in effect by a fraction equal to:

(A) _ the numerator of which is the total number of shares of Common
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance, and

(B) the denommator of which is the total number of sharcs of Common
issued and outstandmg immediately prior to the time of such issuance plus the number of shares of Common
issuable in payment of such dividend or distnbution;

(ii) —_sIf this corporation fixes a record date to determine which holders of Common
are enutled to receive such dividend or other distribution, the Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close
of business on such record date and the mmmber of shares of Common shall be calculated immediately prior to
the close of business on such record date; and

(ii) ‘If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully paid or 1f such
distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly
as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant
to this Section 5(f) to reflect the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.

(g) é: ttions. In the ever‘ this corporation shall declare a
distribution :o nolders of Common payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by
{is corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in
Section 5 (e) and (f), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 5(g), the holders of the Preferred
shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were the holders of the
number of shares of Common of this corporation into which their shares of the Preferred are convertible as of
the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common of this corporation entitled to receive
such distribution.

issuable upon the conve Ne een of sharea of try
class or classes of stock, whether by recapitalization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or
combination of shares or a stock dividend or a reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets, as
provided for elsewhere in this Section 5), thea and inany such event each holder of Preferred shall have the
right thereafter to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other securities and property
receivable upon such reorganization, reclassification or other change, by holders of the number of shares of
Common into which such shares of Preferred might have been converted immediately prior to such
reorganization, reciassification or change, all subject to further adjustment as provided herem. In any such
case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 5 with respect
to the rights of the holders of Preferred after the capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this
Section 5 (including adjustment of the Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares issuable upon
conversion of the Prefezred) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicabic.

(i) Cestificege a5 to Adiustments Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursur-nt to this Section 5, this corporation at its expense promptly shall
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of
Preferred a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
of any holder of Preferred, furnish or caure to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i)
such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of
shares of Common and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of Preferred.

524605 v2/HN
(j) Notices of Record Date. In the event that this corporation shall propose at any ume:

(1) to declare any dividend or distribution upon its Common, whether in cash,
property, stock or other securities, whether or not a reguiar cash dividend and whether or not out of eamings
or earned surplus;

(ii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its outstanding Common
involving a change in the Common; or

(iii) | to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, or sell, lease or
convey all or substaniially all its property or business, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up;

then, in connection with each such event, this corporation shal] send to the holders of the
Preferred:

(1) at least ten (10) days pnor wnitten notice of the date on which a
record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights and a description thereof ‘and
specifying the date on which the holders of Common shal! be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to
vote in respect of the matters referred to in (11) and (iti) above; and

(2) in the case of the matters referred to in (ii) and (iii) above, at least ten
(10) days prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place (and specifying the date on which the
holders of Common shall be entitled to exchange their Common for securities or other property deliverable
upon the occurrence of such event).

Each such written notice shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the
holders of Preferred at the address for each such holder as shown on the books of this corporation.

(k) Payment of Taxes. The corporation will pay all taxes (other than taxes based upon
income) and uther governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to the issue or delivery of shares
of Common upon conversion of shares of Preferred, excluding any tax or other charge imposed in connection
with any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common in a name other than that in which
the shares of Preferred so converted were registered.

(a) General Rights. Except as otherwise required by law, each snare of Common issued
and outstanding shall have one vote and each share of Preferred issued and outstanding shall have the number
of votes equal to the number of Common shares into which the Preferred is convertible (rounded to the
nearest whole share after aggregating all shares beld by a shareholder), as adjusted from time to time pursuant
to Section f.

(b) Election of Board of Directors.

(i) For so long as any shares of Series A-1 Preferred remain outstanding the
holders of Series A-1 Preferred, voting 2s a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the
Board at cach meeting or pursuant to each consent of this corporation’s shareholders for the election of
directors, and, subject to applicable provisions of the California Corporations Code, including Section 303,
and this corporation’s bylaws, to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the
resignation, death or removal of such directors;
(ii) ‘the helders of Common, voting as 4 separate class, shall be entitled to elect
one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of this corporation’s shareholders
for the election of directors, and, subject to applicable provisions of the Talifornia Corporations Code,
including Section 303, and this corporation’s bylaws, to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors; and

(ili) the holders of Common ana Preferred, voting together as a single class on an
as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect al] remaining members of the Board at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of this corporation's shareholders for the elecnon of directors, and to remove from
office such directors and, subject to applicable provisic- s of the California Corporations Code, including
Section 303, and this corporation’s bylaws, to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of
such directors.

Section 7. Covenants. In addition to any other rights provided by law, so long as any shares of
Preferred shall be outstanding, this corporation shall not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or
wmitten consent of the holders of at least a inayonty of the outstanding shares of Preferred voting together as a
single class:

(a) amend or repeal arry provision of, or add any provision to, this corporation’s Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws which changes the rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred;

(b) increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of Preferred;

(c) reclassify th. Preferred or create any new securities having nights, preferences or
privileges senict to, or on parity with, the Series A-1 Preferred;

(d) —s pay a dividend on or repurchase any shares of Common or Preferred (excluding
acquisitions of Common by the corporation pursuant to agreements which permit the corporation to
repurchase such shares upon termination of services to the corporation);

(e) recapitalize, reorganize, merge (except transactions in which this corporation’s
shareholders own a majority of the securities of the surviving entity) or sell substantially any of this
corporation’s assets;

(f) issue any shares of Common or Preferred other than for those issuances desc.ibed in
Section 5(d)i)(3) hereof;

(g) repurchase any Preferred, other than a repurchase pursuant to the redemption
provisions of Section 4; or

(h) increase or decrease the size of the Board of Directors from five (5) directors.

In addition, this corporation shall not, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent
of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A-1 Preferred, voting together as a
single class, amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to this corporation’s Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws, which changes the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A-] Preferred.

Each holder of an outstanding share of Preferred shall be deemed to have consented for purposes of Sections
502 and 503 of the General Corporation Law, to distributions made by this corporation in connection with the
repurchase of shares of Common issued to or held by employees or consultants upon termination of their

524605 v2/HN
employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the nght of said repurchase between this
corporation and such persons.

Section 9. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of this corporation not
expressly provided for to the contrary herein shal] be vested in the Common.

IV.

The liability of the directors of this corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the
fullest extent permissible under California law.

V.

This corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the
Corporations Code) for breach of duty to the corporation and its shareholders through bylaw provisions or
through agreeiments with the agents, or both, m excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section
317 of the Corporations Code, subject to the limits on such excess mdemmnification set forth in Section 204 of
the Corporations Code.

VI.

Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of Articles FV and V by the shareholders of
this corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of this corporation existing at
the time of such repeal or modification.

3. The foregoing Amended and Restateu Articies of Incorporation have been duly approved by
the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been duly approved by
the required vote of shareholders in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations
Code. The total number of outstanding sha-es of this corporation 1s 6,001,489 shares of Common Stock,
3,733,337 shares of Series A Preferred and 39,538,391 shares of Series B Preferred. The number of shares
voting in favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required was
more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of each of Common, Series A Preferred and Series B
Preferred voting as separate classes, and more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common,
Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred voting together as a single class.

24665 v2/HN
ot ne oe Rei under penalty of perjury that the maters set forth in the foregoing
rentificate are true of his own knowledge.

Executed at San Francisco

California on June © , 2005.

James F. Fultoa, Secretary

1605 v2AIN
The undersigned declare under penalty of perjury that the matters set forth in the foregoing
certificate are true of his own knowledge.

Executed at Palo Alto , California on June _6 , 2005.

Julie Wainwright , President

James F.

524605 vV/HN
