State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 01:11 PM 01/22/2004
FILED 01:04 PM 01/22/2004
SRV 040046589 — 3678208 FILE

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
3-D MARKETING TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(Pursuant to Sections 241 and 245 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)

3-D Marketing Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and
by virtue of the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
“General Corporation Law”),

DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

FIRST: That the name of this corporation is 3-D Marketing Technologies, Inc.
and that this corporation was originally incorporated pursuant to the General Corporation Law on
July 3, 2003 under the same name.

SECOND: The corporation has not received any payment for any of its stock.

THIRD: That the Board of Directors duly adopted resolutions proposing to
amend and restate the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation, which resolution setting
forth the proposed amendment and restatement is as follows:

RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended
and restated in its entirety as follows:

ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is 3-D Marketing Technologies, Inc..
ARTICLE II

The address of the registered office of this corporation in the State of Delaware is
15 E. North St., in the City of Dover, County of Kent. The name of its registered agent at such
address is Incorporating Services, Ltd.

ARTICLE III

The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage
in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General
Corporation Law.

ARTICLE IV

This corporation is authorized to issue one class of stock to be designated
“Common Stock,” with a par value of $.0001 per share. The total number of shares that this
corporation is authorized to issue is Six Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand (6,250,000).

CIDSVEF XH S38898 !
ARTICLE V

Except as otherwise provided in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in
furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is
expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or all of the Bylaws of this
corporation.

ARTICLE VI

The number of directors of this corporation shall be determined in the manner set
forth in the Bylaws of this corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of this
corporation shall so provide.

ARTICLE VIHI

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as
the Bylaws of this corporation may provide. The books of this corporation may be kept (subject
to any provision contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places
as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of this
corporation.

ARTICLE IX

A director of this corporation shall not be personally liable to this corporation or
its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for
liability (1) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to this corporation or its stockholders,
(ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any
transaction from which the director derived any improper personal benefit. If the General
Corporation Law is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article IX to authorize
corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the
liability of a director of this corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by the General Corporation Law as so amended.

Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX by the
stockholders of this corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of
this corporation existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director of this corporation
with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to, such repeal or
modification.

CDSVE SIE SIBR9R |
ARTICLE X

This corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed
by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this
reservation.

ARTICLE XI

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this corporation is authorized to
provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) agents of this corporation (and any
other persons to which General Corporation Law permits this corporation to provide
indemnification) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other persons, vote
of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and
advancement otherwise permitted by Section 145 of the General Corporation Law, subject only
to limits created by applicable General Corporation Law (statutory or non-statutory), with
respect to actions for breach of duty to this corporation, its stockholders, and others.

Any amendment, repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article XI shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director, officer, agent, or other
person existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director of this corporation with
respect to any acts or omissions of such director, officer or agent occurring prior to, such
amendment, repeal or modification.

* x *&

FOURTH: That said Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted
in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 241 and 245 of the General Corporation
Law.

UDSVEST S3889N. 5
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been
executed by a duly authorized officer of this corporation on this 21st day of January, 2004.

/s/ Phillip Delurgio
Phillip Delurgio .
President and Chief Executive Officer
