A0613209

2 1 © SECS wie BS he AY

43 office of the Secretary of d...
of the State of Califomla
AMENDED AND RESTATED JUN 16 2004
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF Lon
EDISON CARTER CORPORATION, INC. “WIN SHELLEY, Secrefty of Ste"

Stephen Russell and Timothy D. Ross certify that:

(i) They are the Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, respectively, of Edison Carter
Corporation, Inc., a California corporation (the “Company”).

(ii) The Articles of Incorporation of the Company are hereby amended and restated in full to
read in their entirety as set forth in EXHIBIT_A attached hereto, which is incorporated by reference as if
fully set forth herein.

(iii) | Said Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been duly approved by the
Board of Directors of this Company.

(iv) Said Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been duly approved by the
required vote of the shareholders of the Company entitled to vote in accordance with the Articles of
Incorporation of this Company and Sections 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code. The total
number of shares entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation was 15,095,000 shares of Common Stock, The number of shares voting in favor of the
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation equaled or exceeded the vote required, The percentage
vote required was greater than a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

The undersigned declare under penalty of perjury that the matters set forth in this certificate are true
and correct of their own knowledge.

Date: June /6 , 2004
San Francisco, California

t Stephen Russell
Chief Executive Officer

Timothy D. Ross
Secretary

278636?7_S.DOC

FI

AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
EDISON CARTER CORPORATION, INC,

Stephen Russell and Timothy D, Ross certify that:

(i) They are the Chief Exccutive Officer and Sccretary, respectively, of Edison Carter
Corporation, Inc., a California corporation (the “Company”.

(ii) The Asticles of Incorporation of the Company ure hereby amended and restated in full to
read in their entirety as sct forth in EXIUBIT A altuched horeto, which ix incarporated by reference as if
fully set forth hervin.

iii) Snid Amonded and Restated Articles of Incorporation have beca duly approved hy the
Voard of Direciors af this Company.

(iv) Said Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation have been duly approved by the
required vole of the shareholders of tho Company entitled to vote in uccordanco with the Articles of
Incorporation of this Company and Sectians 902 and 903 of the California Corporations Code. Vke total
number of shares entitled to vote with respect to tho foregoing Amondud and Restnted Articles of
Incorporation was 15,095,000 shares of Common Stock. ‘The number of’ shures voting in favor of the
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation equaled or excecded tho vote required. The percentage
vote required was proater than a majority of the outstanding sharcs of Common Stock.

The undersigned declare under penalty of pexjury that the matters sot forth in this certificate are truc

and correct of their own knowledge,

Chiof Executive Officer

Dato: June Jb, 2004
San Francisco, California

Timothy D. Ross
Sceretury

2786367_5.D0C


EXHIBIT A

ARTICLE I
The name of the company is “Edison Carter, Inc.” (the “Company”).
ARTICLE II

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may
be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the banking business, the trust
company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be incorporated under the California
Corporations Code.

ARTICLE fT

The address of the Company’s agent for service of process in the State of California is Suite 902,
410 Jessie Street, San Francisco, California 94103. The name of its agent at such address is Stephen
Russell, Chief Executive Officer.

ARTICLE IV

1. Authorized Shares. The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock, designated
“Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock,” respectively. The total number of shares that the Company is
authorized to issue is 34,750,000 shares, no par value. The number of shares of Common Stock that the
Company is authorized to issue is 25,000,000 shares, and the number of shares of Preferred Stock that the
Company is authorized to issue is 9,750,000 shares, 9,750,000 of which shall be designated “Series A
Preferred Stock.”

2. Stock Split. Immediately upon the filing of these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of California (the “Effective Time”), each four (4)
shares of the Company’s Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be
combined and converted, automatically and without further action, into one (1) share of Common Stock (the
“Stock Split”). Such Stock Split shal) be effected on a holder-by-holder basis, and any fractional shares
resulting from such Stock Split (after aggregating fractional shares on a holder-by-holder basis) shall be
rounded up to the nearest whole share. At the Effective Time, the certificates of each holder representing
pre-Stock Split shares of Common Stock held by such holder will be deemed for all corporate purposes to
evidence ownership of such number of post-Stock Split shares of Common Stock of such holder as results
from application of the immediately preceding sentence, whether or not any or all of the certificates for
shares of such Common Stock shall have been surrendered or new certificates evidencing post-Stock Split
shares have been issued. All references to numbers and amounts in these Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation that are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of events in the nature of the Stock Split
shall not adjust as a result of the Stock Split, but rather, the amounts stated in the text of these Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation shall be deemed to already incorporate the effects of the Stock Split.

2786367_$.DOC -2-


ARTICLE V

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed upon the Common Stock
and Series A Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Article V, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) “Distribution” shall mean (i) the transfer of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock payabie in
Common Stock, or (ii) the purchase or redemption of shares ‘of the Company for cash or property other than:
(A) repurchases of Common Stock pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (B)
repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the
Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such
tight, or (C) the repurchase of capital stock of the Company in connection with the settlement of disputes
with any shareholder,

r() “Liquidation Preference” shal} mean $0.57 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization and as otherwise set forth elsewhere herein).

(c) “Original Issue Date” shall mean the date upon which the first share of Series A
Preferred Stock is first issued.

(d “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.57 per share for the Series A Preferred Stock
(as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalization and as otherwise set forth elsewhere herein).

(e) “Recapitalization” shall mean any stock split, stock dividend, combination,
teclassifications or similar event occurring after the Original Issue Date.
2. Dividends.

(a) Dividend Preference. The holders of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor, prior and in
preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock of this
Company) on the Common Stock of the Company, at the rate of 8% of the Original Issue Price per share per
annum on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors of the Company (the “Board of Directors”); provided, however, that the Board of Directors is
under no obligation to pay dividends to such holders, and such dividends, if any, shall be noncumulative.
No rights shall accrue to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock if dividends are not declared in any
prior year. If and to the extent that after payment or setting aside for payment of the dividends provided for
in the first sentence of this paragraph, the Board of Directors shall declare and set aside for payment any
further amount of cash or property as a Distribution (other than a Distribution pursuant to Section 3 hereof),
such Distribution shall be made with equal priority to the Common Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock,
with each share of Series A Preferred Stock being treated for such purpose as if it had been converted into
Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate (as defined in Section 4(a)). For such purposes, all
shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be aggregated, and
any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be disregarded.

(b) Priority of Dividends. The Company shall make no Distribution (as defined above)
to the holders of shares of Common Stock in any fiscal year unless and until dividends at the rate set forth in
subsection (a) above shall have been paid upon all shares of Series A Preferred Stock,

2786367_$.DOC -3-


(©) Consent_to Certain Distributions. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the
California Corporations Code, if Section 502 or Section 503 of the California Corporations Code is
applicable to a payment made by the Company then such applicable section or sections shall not apply if
such payment is a payment made by the Company in connection with (i) repurchases of Common Stock
issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries upon
termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said
repurchase, (if) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or
consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements
providing for such right, (iii) repurchases of Common Stock in connection with the settlement of disputes
with any shareholder, or (iv) any other repurchase or redemption of Common Stock approved by the holders
of Preferred Stock of the Company.

3. Liquidation Rights. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Company (or the deemed occurrence of such event pursuant to subsection 3(c) below) (a “Liquidation
Event”), either voluntary or involuntary, distributions to the shareholders of the Company shall be made in
the following manner:

(a) . Amount of Liquidation Preference. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Company to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share
equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Preference specified for each share of Series A Preferred Stock then
held by them, and (ii) all declared but unpaid dividends on such shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. Jf,
upon a Liquidation Event, the assets and funds thus available for distribution among the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of their full aforesaid
preferential amount, then the entire amount of the assets and funds of the Company legally available for
distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to
the aggregate Liquidation Preference, plus all declared and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock, for the shares of such Series A Preferred Stock owned by each such holder.

(6) _ Distribution after Payment of Liquidation Preference. After the payments to the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts specified above, the entire remaining
assets of the Company legally available for distribution by the Company shall be distributed ratably among
the holders of Common Stock in proportion to the numbers of shares of Common Stock held by them.

(c) Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 3, unless otherwise agreed by
holders of at least 2 majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a
single class, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company shall be deemed to be occasioned by,
or to include: (a) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other entity or entities (but
excluding any merger effected solely for the purpose of reincorporating into another state) or the merger of
any other entity or entities into the Company, in either case in which the shareholders of the Company
recejve distributions in cash or securities of another entity or entities as a result of such consolidation or
merger, and in which the shareholders of the Company, immediately prior t6 such merger or consolidation,
hold, immediately after such merger or consolidation, less than a majority of the outstanding voting
securities of the surviving or successor entity or its parent, or (b) a sale, lease or other conveyance of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company (each of (2) and (b), an “Acquisition or "),

{d) Non-Cash Distribution. Whenever the Distribution provided for in this Section 3
shall be payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be the fair
market value of such securities or other property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors,
except that unless otherwise valued in a merger or acquisition agreement approved by thc Company's

2786367_5.DOC . -4-


shareholders, any publicly-traded securities to be distributed to shareholders in a liquidation, dissolution, or
winding up of the Company shal] be valued as follows:

(i) __ If the securities are then traded on a national securities exchange or the
Nasdaq Stock Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value of the securities shall be
deemed to be to the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over the ten
(10) trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the distribution;

Gi) if the securities are actively traded over-the-counter, then the value of the
securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the ten (30)
trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the distribution.

(iii) _In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Company by another
entity, the distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

For the purposes of this Section 3(d), “trading day” shal] mean any day which the exchange or
system on which the securities to be distributed are traded is open and “closi ices” or “closing bid
prices” shall be deemed to be: (i) for securities traded primarily on the New York Stock Exchange, the
American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq, the last reported trade price or sale price, as the case may be, at 4:00
p.m., New York time, on that day and (ii) for securities listed or traded on other exchanges, markets and
systems, the market price as of the end of the regular hours trading period that is generally accepted as such
for such exchange, market or system. If, after the date hereof, the benchmark times generally accepted in
the securities industry for determining the market price of a stock as of a given treding day shall change
from those set forth above, the fair market value shall be determined as of such other generally accepted
benchmark times.

4, Conversion. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as
follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Company or any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock that is equal to the Original Issue Price divided by the appropriate
Conversion Price. The initial Conversion Price (the “Conversion Price”) per share of Series A Preferred
Stock shal] be the Original Issue Price and shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein. The number of
shares of Common Stock into which each share of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted is hereinafter
referred to as the “Conversion Rate.” Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price for a share of
Series A Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the corresponding Conversion Rate for such share
of Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased or decreased.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically
be converted into fully paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate
for such share immediately upon the earlier of (i) the consummation of an underwritten public offering of
Common Stock registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at a price per share (prior to
underwriting commissions and offering expenses) which reflects a valuation of the Company (before receipt
of any proceeds from the public offering) of at least $100 million and with aggregate net proceeds to the
Company of at least $25 million (a “Qualified Public Offering”) or (ii) the receipt by the Company of a
written request for such conversion from the holders of a majority of the Series A Preferred Stock then
outstanding, or, if later, the effective date for conversion specified in such requests, voting together as a
single class, .

2786367_$.DOC “5.


(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder would
otherwise be entitled upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock by such holder (after all fractional shares
arising from such holder’s conversion have been aggregated into the greatest possible number of whole
shares), the Company shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then fair market value of such
fractional shares as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. Before any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into’ full shares of Common Stock, and to receive
certificates therefor, they shall either (i) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the
office of the Company or of any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock or (ii) notify the Company or
its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and execute an agreement
satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates, and shall give written notice to the Company at such office that they elect to convert the same;
provided, however, that in the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section 4(b) above, the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action
by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to
the Company or its transfer agent; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue
certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless either
the certificates evidencing such shares of Series A Preferred Stock are delivered to the Company or its
transfer agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to
indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates.

The Company shall, es soon as practicable after such delivery, or after receipt of such agreement
and indemnification, if any, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Series A Preferred Stock, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the holder shall be entitled as
aforesaid and a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a
conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the
converted Series A Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior
to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock
on such date; provided, however, that if the conversion is in connection with a public offering or a
Liquidation Event, the conversion may, at the option of any holder tendering Series A Preferred Stock for
conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of the sale of securities pursuant to such public offering, or such
Liquidation Event, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred
Stock until immediately prior to the closing or consummation of the public offering or Liquidation Event.

(a) Conversion Price Adjustments for Sales of Shares Below Conversion Price. The
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as
follows: .

(i) (A) If the Company shall issue, after the Original Issue Date, any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Conversion Price
in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically (except as otherwise provided in this
Section 4(d)(i)) be adjusted to a price determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, (x) the
numerator of which sliall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issuance (the “Outstanding Common”) plus the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate
consideration received by the Company for such issuance would purchase at such Conversion Price; and
(y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Outstanding Common plus the number of

2786367_5.D0C -6-

shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of the foregoing calculation, the term “Outstanding
Common” shall include all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock.

(B) No adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made if the amount
of such reduction would be less than $0,01. Except to the limited extent provided for in Sections
4(d\iXE)(3) and 4(d)i)(E)(4), no adjustment of such Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4(d)(i) shall
have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to
such adjustment.

(C) In the case of the issuance of Additional Stock for cash, the
consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any reasonable
discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Company for any underwriting or
otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(D) In the case of the issuance of the Additional Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed to be the
fair market value thereof as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) In the case of the issuance (whether before, on or after the
applicable Original Issue Date) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock, securities
by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following provisions shall apply for all
purposes of this Section 4(d){i) and Section 4(d ii):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to exercisability, including
without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments
affecting such stock) of such securities, options to purchase, or rights to subscribe for Common Stock shall
be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities, options or rights were issued and for a
consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in Sections 4(d){i(C) and
4(d)(i}(D)), if any, received by the Company upon the issuance of such securities, options or rights plus the
minimum exercise price provided in such securities, options or rights (without taking into account potential
antidilution adjustments affecting such stock) for the Common Stock covered thereby.

(2) The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange (assuming the satisfection of any conditions to
convertibility or exchangeability, including, without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into
account potential antidilution adjustments affecting such stock) for any such convertible or exchangeable
securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or
exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued
at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to
the consideration, if any, received by the Company for any such securities and related options or rights
(excluding any cash received by the Company on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the
minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Company (without taking into account
potential antidilution adjustments affecting such stock) upon the conversion or exchange of such securities
or the exercise of any related options or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Sections 4(d)(iX(C) and 4(d\{i)(D)).

2786367_5.DOC -7-

(3) In the event of any change in the number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to the Company upon exercise of such options or
rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or exchangeable securities (excluding a
change resulting from any antidilution provisions contained in such options, rights or securities), the
Conversion Price, to the extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, rights or securities,
shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance
of Common Stock or any payment of such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or
the conversion or exchange of such securities.

(4) Upon the expiration of any such options or rights, the
termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or rights related to
such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such options, rights or securities or options or rights related to such securities, shall be
recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or
exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights,
upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to
such securities.

(5) The number of shares of Common Stock deemed issued
and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Sections 4(d)(i)(E)(1) and (2) shall be appropriately
adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of the type described in either Section 4(d)(i)(E)(3)
or (4).

(ii) “Additional Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(d)(i)(E)) by the Company after the Original Issue Date)
other

(A) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to employees, officers
or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or
stock option plans or other arrangements approved by the Board of Directors;

(B) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise or
conversion of any rights, agreements, options or warrants outstanding or issued as of the date of the filing of
this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation;

(C) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to banks, equipment
lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing or commercial credit or leasing
arrangement approved by the Board of Directors;

(D) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of
Series A Preferred Stock; and

€) shares of Common Stock issued in connection with strategic
transactions that include a commercial relationship involving the Company and other entities, including
(i) joint ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution arrangements, or (ii) technology transfer,
licensing or development arrangements; provided that such issuances have been approved by the Board of

TS.
. {e) Adinetments to Conversion Price for Certain Combinations, Distributions,
Rec cations and s. The Conversion Price shal] be subject to adjustment from time to

time as follows:

2786367_$.DOC -8-

(i) Adjustments for Subdivisions, Combinations or Consolidations of Common
Stock. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shali be subdivided (by stock split, stock
dividend, or otherwise) into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be
proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined or
consolidated (by reclassification, reverse stock split or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares of Common
Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination or consolidation shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination or consolidation, be proportionately increased.

(ii) Adjustments for Other Distributions. In the event the Company at any time
or from time to time makes or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled

to receive any Distribution payable in securities of the Company, then and in each such event provision shall
be made so that the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall receive upon such Distribution the amount of
securities of the Company which they would have received had their Series A Preferred Stock converted
into Common Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafter, during the period from the date of
such event to and including the date of conversion, retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid
during such period, subject to all other adjustments called for during such period under this Section 4 with
respect to the sights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. ,

(iii) justments for Reclassificatj change and Substitution. If the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or
a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization,
reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares provided for above), the
Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or
reclassification, be proportionately adjusted such that the Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into,
in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to
receive, a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of
Common: Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock immediately before that change.

(iv)  Reorganizations, Mereers or Consolidations. If at any time or from time to
time, there is a capital reorganization of the Common Stock or the merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into another corporation or another entity or person (other than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer as
defined in Section 3(c) or a recapitalization, subdivision, combination, reclassification, exchange or
substitution of shares provided for elsewhere in this Section 4), as a part of such capital reorganization,
merger or consolidation, provision shall be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall
thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock held by them the number of
shares of stock or other securities or property to which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock
deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such capital reorganization, merger or
consolidation. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shal] be made in the application of the provisions of
this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock ‘after the capital
reorganization, merger or consolidation to the end that the provisions of this Section 4 (including adjustment
of the Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event and be ss nearly equivalent as practicable.

(f) Certificate_as_ to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of any Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Company at its expense shall compute
such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Series A
Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company shall, upon the written request of any
holder of Series A Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting

2786367_$.DOC -9-


forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Prices at the time in effect, and (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock.

(g) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock may be waived,
either prospectively or retroactively and either generally or in a particular instance, by the consent or vote of
the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. Any such
waiver shall bind all future holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Company shall propose at any time:

(i) to declare any dividend or Distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in
cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out of
earnings or earned surplus;

(ii) to offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or series of its
stock (other than pursuant to contractual agreements entered into with each such holder) any additional
shares of stock of any class or series or any other securities or property, or to receive any other rights;

(iii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its Common Stock
outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

(iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, or sell, lease or
convey all or substantially all its property or business, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up (other than in
connection with a merger, the sole purpose of which is to change the State of the Company’s incorporation);

then, in connection with each such event, this Company shall send to the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock at least 10 calendar days’ prior written notice of the earlier of (A) the date on which a record shall be
taken for such dividend, Distribution or subscription rights (and specifying the date on which the holders of
Common Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote in respect of the matters referred
to in (iii) and (iv) above or (B) the closing date of such event; provided, however, the notice provisions set
forth in this section may be shortened or waived prospectively or retrospectively by the vote or written
consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class. With regard to the matters referenced in (iii) and (iv) above, such written notice
shall describe the material terms and conditions of the proposed transaction.

Each such written notice shall be given as provided in Section 7 below.

{i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company shall at all times
reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely for the purpose
of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock,’ such number of its shares of
Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of al} then-outstanding
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then-outstanding shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock, the Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be
necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purpose, including without limitation using its best efforts to obtain the requisite

shareholder approval for any necessary amendment to this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation.

2786367_5.DOC -10-

5. Voting. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall
vote as a single class except as otherwise required by law or provided herein.

(a) Preferred Stock. Each holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series A
Preferred Stock held by such holder of Series A Preferred Stock could then be converted. Except as
provided in Subsection 5(c) below, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote
on all matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled to vote and may act by written consent in the
same manner as the holders of Common Stock. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
notice of any shareholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company. Fractiona} votes shall
not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after
aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by each holder could be
converted), shal! be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one
vote for each share thereof held.

(c) Election of Directors. So long as at least 2,000,000 shares (as adjusted for
Recapitalizations) of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock,
voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Company’s Board of Directors at
each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s shareholders for the election of directors. In the
case of any vacancy in the office of a director elected by the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, the holders
of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled, voting as a separate class either by written
consent or at a special meeting, to elect a successor to hold office for the unexpired term of the director
whose place shall be vacant. The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to
elect two (2) members of the Company’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of
the Company’s shareholders for the election of directors, In the case of any vacancy in the office of a
director elected by the holders of Common Stock, the holders of the then outstanding Common Stock shall
be entitléd, voting as a separate class either by written consent or at a special meeting, to elect a successor to
hold office for the unexpired term of the director whose place shall be vacant. Any additional members of
the Company’s Board of Directors shall be elected by the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock,
voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.

6. Protective Provisions.

(a) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or by law, there shall be no voting
by Series A Preferred Stock as a separate class.

(b) Approval _by Class. For so long as at least 2,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock remain outstanding (as adjusted for Recapitalizations), the Company shall not, without first obtaining
the approval (by vote or written consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the total
number of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding: ° : ,

(i) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation of the Company if such action would alter the rights, preferences, privileges or powers of,
or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series A Preferred Stock;

(ii) authorize or designate, whether by classification or otherwise, any new
class or series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking pari
passu with or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, including, but not limited to, in right of conversion,
liquidation preference, voting or dividends;

2786367_5.DOC -lI-


(iii) increase the number of shares authorized for issuance under any existing
stock or option plan or create any new stock or option plan;

(iv) effect a liquidation, dissolution, wind-up, recapitalization or reorganization
of the Company;

(v) effect any Acquisition or Asset Transfer;
(vi) _ increase or decrease the size of the Board of Directors;

(vii) materially change the Company’s business as it is carried out, and as it is
contemplated to be carried out, on the Original Issue Date;

(viii) enter into a material agreement or errangement with any employee, officer,
director or shareholder of the Company, or any member of their immediate families;

(ix) remove or replace the Company’s auditors or general corporate counsel;

(x) sell, transfer or license any material asset or intellectual property of the
Company (other than sales of products or services or grants of licenses to customers in the ordinary course
of business) to any person other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company; or

(xi) declare or pay any dividends or Distributions on Common Stock or redeem,
purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or
shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply
to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other
persons performing services for the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which this
Company has the option to repurchase such shares upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the
termination of employment.

7. Notices. Any notice, demand, offer, request or other communication required or permitted
to be given by the Company to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Article V shall be in
writing and shall be deemed effectively given the earlier of (i) when received, (ii) when delivered
personally, (iii) one (1) business day after being delivered by facsimile or by emai] (with receipt of
appropriate confirmation), (iv) one (1) business day after being deposited with an overnight courier service
or (v) four (4) days after being deposited in the U.S. mail, First Class with postage prepaid, and addressed to
each holder of record at such holder’s address appearing on the books of the Company.

ARTICLE VI
1. Limitation of Directors’ Liability. The liability of the directors of this Company for

monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

2. Indemnification of Corporate Agents. This Company is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through bylaw
provisions, agreements with agents, votes of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess
of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section ’31!7 of the California Corporations Code, subject only
to the applicable limits set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations Code with respect to actions
for breach of duty to this Company and its shareholders.

2786367_5.DO0C -12-

3° Repeal or Modification. Any repeal cr modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article X shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of this Company relating to acts or
omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

2786367_5,.DOC , ) -13-
