— @Ulp 77CY — gggg1476 eiLED 2

. ) in the office of the Secretary of Stale
oY , of the State of Cakfomia

MAY 15 2099
CERTIFICATE OF. AMENDMENT OF

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED ARFICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF 3VR SECURITY, INC.

The undersigned, Al Shipp and Russell Keefe, hereby certify that:

t. They are the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
respectively, of 3VR Security, Inc., a California corporation (the Company”).

2. Article IV, Section 4(d)(ii)(A) of the Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of
the Company is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:

“(A) shares of Common Stock issued of issuable to exuployees, officers or directors of, or
consultants or advisors to, the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option
plans or other arrangements approved by the Board of Directors (including the spproval of at least
seventy-five percent (75%) of the members of the Board of Directors) not to exceed 8,292,025 shares of
Common Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalizations);”

3. Article IV, Section 5(d) of the Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the
Company is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:

“(d) Election of Directors. So long as at least 1,925,000 shares (as adjusted for
Recapitalizations) of the Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock, respectively, each voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to each elect
one (1) member of the Company’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each conseat of the
Company’s shareholders for the election of directors. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a
director elected by the holders of Series A Preferred Stock or the Series B Preferred Stock, as the case
may be, the holders of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as che
case may be, shall be entitled, voting as a separate class either by written consent or at a special meeting,
to elect a successor to hold office for the unexpired term of the director whose place shall be vacant. The
holders of Common Stock, voting as 8 separate class, shall be entitled to elect three (3) members of the
Comupany’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company’s
shareholders for the election of directors. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director elected by
the holders of Common Stock, the holders of the then outstanding Common Stock shall be entitled,
voting as a separate class either by written consent or at a special meeting, to elect a successor to hold
office for the unexpired term of the director whose place shail be vacant. Two (2) additional members of
the Company's Board of Directors shall be elected by the holders of the Common Stock and the Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.”

4. The foregoing amendment of Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation has been
duly approved by the Board of Directors.

5. The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by the
shareholders of this corporation in accordance with Section 902 of the California Corporations Code. The total
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is 4,121,177, the total number of outstanding sharés of Series A
Preferred Stock is 9,391,115, the total number of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock is 9,197,247 and

3VR _ Certificate of Amendment (Board increase)_(PALIB2_4615573_2).DOC


the total number of outstanding shares of Seties C Preferred Stock is 7,165,414. The number of shares voting in
favor of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required for the approval of
the amendment berein set forth was more than fifty percent (50%) of the Common Stock of the Company and the
Preferred Stock of the Company voting together as a separate class and more than seventy percent (70%) of the
Preferred Stock of the Company voting as a separate class.

[Signature page follows]

The undersigned further declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that

the matters set forth in this Certificate are tre and correct of their own knowledge.

Dated: May [S_, 2009

