A0680459
FILED

in Ho ofice afte Secretary of State
State of California
~
24 (X25 JUL 3.1 2008
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF
THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF 3VR SECURITY, INC.

The undersigned, Stephen Russell and Douglas H. Collom, hereby certify that:

1. They are the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer and Assistant Secretary,
respectively, of 3VR Security, Inc., a California corporation (the “Company”).

2. Article IV, Section 4(d)(ii)(A) of the Third Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation of the Company is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:

“(A) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to employees, officers or
directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock
purchase or stock option plans or other arrangements approved by the Board of Directors
(including the approval of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the members of the Board of
Directors) not to exceed 7,292,025 shares of Common Stock (as adjusted for any
Recapitalizations);”

3. The foregoing amendment of Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
has been duly approved by the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by the
shareholders of this corporation in accordance with Section 942 of the Califomia Corporations Code.
The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is 3,994,334, the total number of
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock is 9,391,115, the total number of outstanding shares
of Series B Preferred Stock is 9,197,247 and the total number of outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock is 7,165,414. The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or
exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required for the approval of the amendment herein
set forth was more than fifty percent (50%) of the Common Stock of the Companty and the Preferred
Stock of the Company voting together as a separate class and more than seventy percent (70%) of the
Preferred Stock of the Company voting as a separate class.

[Signature page follows]

C:\Documents and Senings\Ipendenza\Loca) Seaings\Temporary Internet Fea \Consert.OstlookATT CYRDT\Certificate of Armecctecst (ed pan
trerease foe SVK}_(PALI2_4347218_1).DOC

The undersigned further declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of

California that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of their own knowledge.

Dated: July 32 , 2008

Russel] Chief Executive Officer

llom Assistant Secretary

