A0b493b7 2 Hg 1825

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF 3VR SECURITY, INC.

Best Copy Available

.., The undersigned, Stephen Russell and Timothy.D. Ross, hereby certify that: TN de teas Mauri

. ‘L.,... They are the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer and Seoretarys
\ respectively, of 3VR Security, Inc., a California:corporation (the “Company”):*-

2. Article I of the Articles of Incorporation 0 of the re Company | is hereby amended in its
entirety to read as follows:

“ARTICLE Il

a -. Autbori - The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock,”
_ designated “Common Stock” and “Prefeared Stock,” respectively: ‘The totalinumber of'shates that

the Compeny is authorized to issue is $3,625,000 shares, no:par-value.’ The number of shares-of-: -
Common Stock, that the Company is authorized to issue is 34,500,000 shares, ‘and the number of _

shares of Preferred: Stock thet the Company is authorized to isstic is 19, '12$,000'sheres: 9; 525,000 of

which shall be:designeted “Series A Preferred Stock” sod 9,600,000 of whrichshall be designated
“Series B Preferred Stock.”

3, The foregoing amendment of Second Articles of Incorporstion has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors.

4. The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has been duly approv *d by the
shareholders of this corporation in accordance with Section 902 of the California Corporations Code.
The total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is 3,822,671, the total number of
outstanding shares of Series‘A Preferred’Stock is 9,391,115 and the total number of outstanding
shares of Series B-Preferred:Stock is 9,197,247. The number of shares voting in favor of the
amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required for the approval of
the amendment herein set forth was more than fifty percent (50%) of the Common Stock of the
Company voting as a separate class, more than seventy percent (70%) of the Preferred Stock of the
Company voting as a separate class and more than fifty percent (50%) of the Series B Preferred
Stock voting as a series.

{Signature page follows]

CANrPortt: \P 4 LIBZVPR\3516240_2.D0C

i

i€ Office of the Secretary Os
of the State of California

WG 23...
The undersigned further declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of

California that the matters set forth in this Certificate are true and correct of his own knowledge.

Dated: August 23, , 2006

Best Copy Available AQ6K95KK mike

oon Giine $ E Sotary et

a Y b T A >S af the Sigie of Calorna

”

ot
AUG 36 2006 7
THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF

3VR SECURITY, INC.

Stephen Russel! and Timothy D, Ross certify that:

(i) | They are the Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, respectively, of 3VR Security, Inc:,.a.- 0
Cal fornia corporation (the “Compeny’).

(ii) The Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of..n¢ Company are hereby

amended and restated in ful to read in their entirety as sot forth-in. EXHIBIT. A attached hereto, whichis  .....-
incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein.

(iii) Seid Thind Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporstion have: hoes Oly approved By ihe: ne
Board of Directors of the Company. ,

(iv) Said Third Amended and Rectated Articles of Incorporation have been duly approved by the
required vote of the shareholders of the Company entitled-to vote in accordance with the Articles.of ji. |
Incorporation of the Company and Sections 902 and 903.of the California Corporations Code. .The-total 5
number of shares entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing Third Amended and Restated Articles of.
Incorporation was 3,822,671! shares of Common Stock, 9,391,115 ahares of Series A Preferred Stock and
9,197,247 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the Third Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation equaled or exceeded the vote required. The percentage vote required
was greater than a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, greater than a majority of the
outstanding sheres of Series A Preferred Stock and greater than seventy percent (70%) of the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock.

POS they

Exes +

The undersigned declare under penalty of perjury that the matters set forth in this certificate are true
and correct of their own knowledge.

Date: Augdst40, 2006 - - -
San Francisco, California

at Psooctive Officer

EXHIBIT A

ARTICLE I
The name of the company is “3VR Security, Inc.” (the “Company”).
ARTICLE I

The purpose of the Company 1s to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may

be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the banking .business, the trust: -

company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be incorporated under the California
Corporations Code. pe

ARTICLE III

>. Authorized Shares. The Company is authorized to issue‘two.classes of stock, designated. wich. 5s

” “Comnen Stock” and “Preferred Stock,” respectively. The total number of shares that the Company is
authorized to issue is 70,025,000 shares, no par value. The number of shares of Common Stock that the

-., Company is-authorized-to issue is 42,700,000 shares, and'the: number. of shares of Preferred Stock that.the w-° is: >
.Company .is authorized to issue is 27,325,000 shares, 9,525,000 of which shall be designated “Senes A: 2.020:
-Preferred Stock”, 9,600,000 of which shall be designated “Sees B Preferred: Stock" vand 8, 200; 000: ‘of which: 3: &.

shall be ® designated “Series C Pre c Preferred Stock,”
ARTICLE IV.

The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed o1 on the respective classes
of the shares of: capital ‘stockra oF: “the holders thereof are as follows: a

lL. Defimtions For purposes of this Article IV, the following definitions shall apply:

(a). “Distribyuon” shail mean (i) the transfer of. cash or other property without
consideration: whether by way of ¢Cividenc. c- otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock payable in
Common Stock, or (ii) the purchase or rederption of shares of the Company for cash or property other than:
(A) repurchases of Common Stock pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (B)
repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the
Company of its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such

right, or (C) the repurchase of capital stock of the Company in connection with the settlement of disputes
with any shareholder.

it)

(b) Liquidation Preferens :” shall mean $0.57 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock, $1.09 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock and $2.15 per share for the Serie. C Preferred Steck

(each subject to adjustment from time to time for any Recapitalization and as otherwise set torth elsewhere
herein).

(c) “Qriginal Issue Date” shall mean the date upon which the first share of Senes C
Preferred Stock is first issued.

3531899 2 DOC .2-
*

(d) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.57 per share for the Senes A Preferred Stock,
$1.09 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock and 2.15 per share for the Series C Preferred Stock (each

subject to adjustment from time to time for any Recapitalization and as otherwise set forth elsewhere
herein).

(e) “Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock, ihe Series B Preferred
Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock.

(f) “Recapitalization” shall mean any stock split, stock dividend, combination,
reclassifications or similar event occurring after the Orginal Issue Date.

2. Dividends.

(a) Dividend Preference. The holders of the Series B and Series C, on a pari passu

basis, shall be entitled to receive dividends payable out of funds legally available therefor at the rate of 8%

of the Original Issue Price of the Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock per share per annum °
on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock or Series-C Preferred Stock prior and ii preference to
payment of any dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock:: Subject to the rights of holders» .° oF
‘of Series B Preferred Stock’and Series C Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of Series A

Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends payable out of funds legally available therefor at the

rate of &% of the Original Issue Price of the Series A Preferred Stock per share per annum on each © .

outstanding share of Series A ‘Preferred Stock prior and in preference to payment of any dividend. on the

(b) . The Company shal] make no Distribution (as defined above)
to the*holdersof shares of Common Stock in any fiscal year unless and until dividends at the rate set torth in

subsection (a) above shall have been paid upon all shares of Senes C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and Series A Preferred Stuck.

(c) Consent to Certain Distributions. As authorized by Section 402.S(c) of the
California Corporations Code, if Section 502 or Section 503 of the California Corporations Code is
applicable to a payment made by the Company then such applicable section or sections shall not apply if
such payment is a pay:nent made by the Company in connection with (i) repurchases of Common Stock
issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company or its subsidianes upon
termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said
repurchase, (1i) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or
consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements
providing for such right, (iii) repurchases of Common Stock in connection with the settlement of disputes
with any shareholder, or (iv) any other repurchase or redemption of Common Stock approved by the holders

of feast seventy percent (70%) of the then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together aS a
single class.

3$31899_2 DOL 3.

"Common Stock of the Company. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as,’and if declared: by thes |
' Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board of Directors”); provided, however, that the Board of. .”.
Directors is under no obligation to pay dividends to such holders, and such dividends, if any, shall be: >" °°
noncumulatve, If and to the extent that after payment or ‘setting aside for payment of the dividends”*'
provided for in the first sentence of this paragraph. the Board of Directors shall declare and set aside for * ~~:
payment any further amount of cash or property as a*Distribution | (othet than a Distribution pursuant to” ~ ~
Section 3 hereof), such Distribution shall be made with‘equal priority’to the Common Stock and the °°
“Preferred Stock, with each share of the Preferred Stock: ‘being treated for such purpose as if it had been *
converted into Common Stock at the then effective Conversion’ Rate (as defined in Section 4(a)). For’such = ©
purposes, all shares of the Preferred Stock held by each‘holder of the Preferred Stock shall be aggregated,
and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be disregarded. vs

on
3 Liquidation Rights. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Company (or the deemed occurrence of such event pursuant to subsection 3{c) below) (e3ch, a “Liquidation

Event’), either voluntary or involuntary, distributions to the shareholders of the Company shal] be made in
the following manner:

(a) Amount of Liquidation Preference. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Senes
B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, on a pari passu basis, shall be entitled to receive, prior and
in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Company to the holders of
Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock the amounts of 30.57, $1.09 and $2.15 per share,
respectively, for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred
Stok held by them (in each case, as adjusted for any Recapitalization with respect to the Series A Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, as the case may be) and, in addition, an amount
equal to.all declared but unpaid dividends on such shares: of.the Preferred Stock. If, upon a Liquidation
- Event, the assets, and funds thus available for distribution among the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be

- insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of their full, aforesaid preferential amount, then the entire... -

»,amount of the assets. and funds of the c Company legally: available for distribution shall be. distributed. ratably . —
nei, | aMOng the holders of. the Preferred Stock in -proportion .to:the. aggregate Liquidation Preference, .plus.all. ;.. ;

declared and unpaid dividends on the Preferred Stock, for the shares of such Preferred:Stock:owned: by each a - =.

such holder.

(b)  Distributic i j nce. After the payments: to the:
holders of Preferred Stock of the full preferential amnouats ae or above, the. entire remaining assets of the...

7 Company legally, available for distribution by the Company:shall be distributed ratably among the. holders of an 4 5

| Common Stock in proportion, to the numbers of shares of Common Stock held by them. —

a , “ (c). “Deemed Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 3, unless. otherwise agreed to by...
, “the holders of at least seventy percent (70%) of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred. Stock, voting.
__, together as a single class, a liquidation, dissolution or winding. up of the Company sha!l be deemed, to.be.. =...

__ occasioned by, or to include: (i) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any-other entity:or-+:-

_.. .€ntities (but excluding any merger effected solely for the purpose of reincorporating into another state) or an

the merger of any other entity or entities into the Company, in either case in which the shareholders of the —
Company receive distributions in cash of securities of another entity or entities as a result of such
consolidation or merger, and in which the shareholders of the Company, immediately priof to such merger .
or consolidation, hold, immediately after such merger or consolidation, less than a majority of the
outstanding voting securities of the surviving or successor entity or its parent, (ii) a sale, lease or other
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (iii) the sale, exclusive license or other
transfer of all of the Company's, intellectual Property (each of (i), (in) and (in), an “Acquisitio n sset
Transfer”).

(d) Non-Cash Distribution. Whenever the Distribution provided for in this Section 3
shall be payable in securities or property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be the fair
market value of such securities or other property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors,

except that unless otherwise valued in a merger or acquisition agreement approved by the Company's

shareholders, any publiciy-traded securities to be distributed to shareholders in a liquidation, dissolution, or
winding up of the Company shall be valued as follows:

(i) If the securities are then traded on a national securities exchange or the
Nasdaq Stock Market (ur a simile; nauonal quotation system), then the value of the securities shall he
deemed to be to the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system over n
(10) trading day period ending five (5) trading dcys prior to the distribution;

3531499 2 DOC
ree

(ii} if the securities are actively traded over-the-counter, then the value of the
securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the secuntics over the ten (10)
trading day period ending five (5) trading days prior to the distribution.

(iti) ‘In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Company by another
entity, the distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

For the purposes of this Section 3(d), “trading day” shall mean any day which the exchange or
system on which the securities to be distributed are traded is open and “closing prices” or “closing bid
prices” shall be deemed to be: (i) for securities traded primanly on the New York Stock Exchange, the

American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq, the last reported trade price or sale price, as the case may be, at 4:00.

_...,pam., New York time, on that day. and (i1) for. securities listed or traded on other exchanges, markets and) =

._.«,,,$ystems, the market price as of the end of the regular:hours trading period that is generally accepted as such
_ ,for such exchange, market or system. If, after the date hercof, the benchmark times generally accepted: WL
,: the securities industry for determining the market price ‘ofa stock as of a given trading day shall'change’:-- “Es

. - from. those. set forth above, the fair market value shall: ‘be deterthined: as of: :stich other. ‘generally accepted

. ay ” Bee -med C onversion. For # purposes of sifaicing the amount each holder sis shares

of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3, each holder of shares of Preferred Stock

shall be deemed to have converted (regardless of whether such holder actually converted or whether theres
are sufficient shares of authorized Common Stock to permit actual conversion of-all shares of Preferred. 2. <
i Stock into. Common Stock) such holder’s shares of Preferred’ Stock into Common Stock ‘immediately, prior wet as
"toa distribution pursuant to this Section 3 if, as a result'of ani actual coriversion, such holder-would receive,
in the aggregate, an amount greater than the amount that would:be ‘distributed to such holder if such holder! / °°
did not.convert such shares of Preferred Stock into shares‘of Common Stock.;: If any: ‘guch' hoider'shall be" °°
“deemed ‘to have ‘converted, shares. of Preferred Stock into Common Stock pursuant, to this paragraph, then ~—
‘such holder shall not be entitled to receive any distribution that would otherwise be made to holders of

Preferred Stock that have not converted (or have not been deemed to” have ‘coniverted) into shares of
Common Stock.” Notwithstanding ‘the foregoing, in the event that a Liquidation: Event includes an earn-out,
escrow arrangement or other contingent payment not delivered to the Company’s’stockholders at the initial
closing of such Liquidation Event, holders of Preferred Stock shall not be deemed:to have converted such
Preferred Stock into Common Stock pursuant to this Section 3(e) until such time’ such holders of Preferred
Stock actually receive as a result of such deemed conversion an amount greater than the amount to which it

would otherwise be entitled pursuant to Section sa) above.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as fullows (the
“Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Subject to Section 4(b), each share of the Series A Preferred
Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issus:- J wach
share at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, into that numoer of
fuily-paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock that is equal to the Original Issue Price of the 2-~‘7s
A Preferred Stock divided by the Series A Conversion Price. The initial conversion price per sharc of Seri>-
A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Conversion Price”) shall be the Original Issue Price of the Series A
Preferred Stock and shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein. The number of shares of Common
Stock into which each share of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the

“Series A Conversion Rate.” Upon any decrease or increase in the Series A Conversion Price for a share of -

Series A Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the corresponding Series A Conversion Rate for
such share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be appropriately increased ur decreased.

35318992 DOC -5-

cas

we
Subject to Section 4(b), each share of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option
of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the Company or any
transfe: agent for the Series B Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid and nonassessable shares of
Com non Stock that is equal tc the Original Issue Price of the Series B Preferred Stock divided by the Senes
B Conversion Price The initial conversion price per share of Series B Preferred Stock (the “Senes B
Conversion Price”) shall be the Original Issue Price of the Series B Preferred Stock and shall be subject to
adjustment as provided herein. The number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Series B
Preferred Stock mzy be converted is hereinafter referred to as the “Scries B Conversion Rate.” Upon any
decrease or increase in the Series B Conversion Price for a share of Series B Preferred Stock, as described in

this Section 4, the corresponding Series B Conversion Rate for such sliare of Series B Preferred Stock shall
be appropnitely increased or decreased.

Subject to ‘Section 4b), each share of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option

of the holder thereof, at any, time after the date of issuance of such share at the.office:of the: ‘Compariy orany: 6 -:
: transfer agent:for the. Series C. Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid’aiid ronassessable shares'of < "*
.- Common Stock that.is equal.to the. Original Issue Price ‘of the Series:C Preferred Stock divided by the Series. “* 8"
-C Conversion Price. The initial conversion price per share of Series C Preferred Stock (the “Series:
Conversion Price”) shall be the Original Issue Price of-the Series C Preferred Stock'and shall be subject: ubject tof

adjustment as provided herein. The number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Series C
Preferred Stock may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the “Series C Conversion Rate.” Upon any

. decrease. or increase in the Series C:Conversion Price for'a'share of Seri¢s C Preferred’ Stack,-aé described in 8"
_ this Section 4, the corresponding Series C Conversion Rate f for such share: of Series € Preferred Stock shall’. agers

abe © appropriately increased or decreased. cS ac

“Series A Conversion Price”, the “Series SB Conversion 'Price” and: ‘the: “Seriés. Cc Canteision? re

o Price” are re becehatiy at times together referred to as the: Conversion ‘Price.”” ~The'“Series A: Conversion ’ Fee pee
7 “Rate”, .the-*Series -B Conversion Rate” and the “Series C’Conversion Rate”. are at'times together referred'to™:

oe as the = “Convers ion n Rats "

&. Auto omatic Conversion. ‘Bach share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be: pr ”
converted i into » fully paid, non-assessable shares of Common’ Stock‘at the then effective Conversion Rate for (fetes

_- such. ‘share immediately upon the earlier of (i) the consummation: of an underwritten public offering of

Common ‘Stock registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at a price per share (prior to «| ”

underwriting commissions and offering expenses) which reflects a valuation of the Company (before receipt
of any proceeds from the public offering) of at least $100 million and with aggregate net proceeds to the
Company of at least $40 millien (a “Qualified Public Offering”) or (ii) the receipt by the Company of a
written request for such conversion from the holders of at least seventy percent (70%) of the then-

outstanding Preferred Stock voting together as a single class. In the event of the automatic conversion of the
Preferred Stock in connection with a Qualified Public Offering or by writtcn request, the person(s) entitled
to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have

converted such Preferred Stock immediately prior to the closing of such sale and issuance of securities or the
effectiveness of such written request, as the case may be.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional stares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shures to which the holder would otherwise
be entitled upon conversion of the Preferred Stock by such holder (after all fractional shares arising from
such holder's conversion have been aggregated into the greatest possible number of whole shares), the
Company shal! pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then fair market value of such fractional
shares as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. Before any holder of the Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and to receive certificates therefor,
they shail either (i) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the

38313992 DOC -6-
( s-apany or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or (ii) notify the Company or its transfer agent that
such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Company
t> indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates, and shail give
‘aTitien notice to the Company at such office that they elect to convert the same; provided, however, that in
the event of an automatic conversion pursuant to Section 4(b) above, the outstanding shares of the Preferred
Stock shall be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether
or not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent,
provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such automatic conversion unless either the certificates evidencing such
shares of the Preferred Stock are delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided above, or the
holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates‘ have been lost, stolen or destroyed

* and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to Indemnity the: Company from any loss incurred’
_ by it in reonnection with suck certificates. Sip Are ey

The ‘Company shall; as soon as praciicable after such delivery: OF’ afters deceipt of suck agreement:

fe! “and indemnification, ‘if. any,\.issue and deliver at such office :to‘such:holder: of the-Preferred* Stock, a--

| certificate -or certificates :for the number of shares of Common Stock:to: which’ the: holder'shall:be entitled aS tans

- . aforesaid and-a check payable to the holder in the amount-of:any:¢ash:amounts payable as the result of a «0 5
conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the

_ converted Preferred Stock. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the. |

close of-business on the date of such surrender of the shares of the Preferred Stock-to be converted, andthe =

. oc Person-or persons: entitled to.receive the shares of Common’ Stock issuable jupon’ such conversion’ shall ‘be #4*:"

treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders-of such shares: of Common Stock on:such’ date; :

- Provided however, that if the conversion is in connection‘with‘a public. offering: or a Liquidation Event,. ‘the:

" conversion may, at the option-of any holder’ tendering the Preferred: Stock for conversion, be ‘conditioned ® .

";'» +0 cuponi the closing ofthe sale of securities pursuant to such public’ offering, or such Liquidation ‘Event; in *

‘tae which’ event the persori(s) entitled to receive’ the Common’ Stock issuable upon’ such conversion ‘of :the -:
Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately. Prior t to: the:
Closing or consummation of the public offering or Liquidation Event.

, (4) Conversi | ion Price. The ~
‘ ¢ onversion Price of the Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time’ as’follows:

(i) (A) (1) If the Company shall issue, at any time after the Original Issue
Date, any Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less
than the Series A Conversion Price in ef*ect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the
Sesies A Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shal] automatically (except as
otherwise provided in this ‘Section 4(d)(i)) be ‘adjusted to a price determined by multiplying the Series A
Conversion Price by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issuance (the “Outstanding Common”) plus the number of shares of
Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the Company for such issuance would purchase
at the Series A Conversion Price; and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Outsianding Common plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. For purposes of this Section

4(dXiMA), the term “Outstanding Common” shall include all shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

(2) If the Company shall issue, after the Original Issue Date, any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the

Serics B Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Series B
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to cach such issuance shall automatically (except as otherwise
provided in this Section 4(di)) be adjusted to a price determined by multiplying the Series B Conversion

YS31899 2 DOC
Price by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the Outstanding Common plus the number of shares
of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration received by the Company for such issuance would
purchase at the Series B Conversion Price; and (y) the denominator of which shal! be the number of shares
of Outstanding Common plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock.

(3) If the Company shall issue, after the Original Issue Date, any

Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consjd¢ration per share less than the ,

Series C Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock, the Series C
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall automatically (except as otherwise
provided in this Section 4{d)(i)) be adjusted to a price determined by multiplying the Serres C Conversion
_ Price by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which shall be the Outstanding Common plus the number of shares --

of Common Stock tha* the aggregate .consideration received by the Company for such issuance.would +.

7 purchase at the Series C Conversion Price; ana (y) the denominator cf which shali be the number of shares.
of Outstanding Common plus the number of shares of such Additional Stock. .

ce _(B) "No adjustment af the applicable Conve-sion Price shall, be: made: if...
a ‘the’ amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01. Except-to the limited extent provided for in Sections:
oa 4G)UXE)B) and 4(dXiXEX4), no. adjustment of. such Conversion Price pursiiant. tothis Section 4(d){i) shalt: «
“have the effect of i increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in effect inunediately prior to
such adjustment. |

oO. In the | case of. the j issuance of Addition. Stock for cash, ‘the o os

* “consideration ‘shail ‘be. deemed to be the amount of. cash paid ‘therefor: before: deducting: any reasonable.

_ “discounts, commissions or other EXPCNSC s, allowed, paid or incurred: dby. the * Company fa for rany yy underwsiting 0 or:
7 _ otherwise i in connection with. the i issuance and sale thereof. : oie Boy ;

a “*(), ; “In the. case of the issuance of the. Additional. Stock- for: a
consideration i in whole ‘or ‘in part other than cash, the consideration other than’ ‘Cash shall be ‘deemed to be the

fair market value t. sreof as determined in good faith by the Board of Diréctors’ irrespective. of any
accounting treatment.

mo ~(E) In the case of the issuance (whether before. on or after the
applicable Original | Issue Date) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe: for Common Stock, securities
by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights to

subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following. Provisions shall apply for alt
* purposes of this Section 4(d)i)} arid Section 4(d ii):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to exercisability, including

without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into account potential antidilution adjustments
affecting such stock) of such securities, options to purchase, or rights to subscribe fur Common Stock shall
be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities, options or rights were issued and for a
consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in Sections 4(dXiXC) and
4(dXi(D)), if any, received by the Company upon the issuance of sich securities, options or rights plus the

minimum exercise price provided in such securities, options or rights (without taking into account potential
antidilution adjustments affecting such stock) for the Common Stock covered thereby.

(2) The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to

convertibility or exchangeability, including, without limitation, the passage of time, but without taking into
account potential antidilution adjustments affecting such stock) for any such convertible or exchangeable

3531899. 2 DOC
. change resulting from any antidilution ‘provisions contained in such options,.:rights or’ securities);.the ...

Such, securities: re ae

securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or
exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued
at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to
the consideration, if any, received by the Company for any such securitics and relaved options or mghts
(excluding any cash received by the Company on account of accrued interest or accrued dividends), plus the
minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the Company (without taking into account
potential artidilution adjustments affecting such stock) upon the conversion or exchange of such securities
or the exercise of any related options or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the
manner provided in Sections 4(d}{iXC) and 4(d\iXD)).

a. (3) In the event of any change in the number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable or in nthe consideration payable to the Company. upon exercise-of such options or
rights or upon conversion:of or in exchange for such convertible or exchangeable:securities: (excluding a

Conversion Price, to the extent in any way affected by:or computed using: such options, nyhts-or securities, .

~. shall be recomputed to reflect.such chang:, but-no further: ‘adjustment: shall be made forthe actual issuance os)» © :
*-ofCommonStock or any-payment of such consideration upon the: ‘exercise: ‘of; ‘any such options Orerights: SOT ey at
. the:conversion:or exchange of such securities.) 200. fe eevee eek hee

x

(4) Upon the <xviration of any such options or rights, the
termination of any such rights to convert or exchange‘or the expiration of any options. or.rights related .to..

-, such convertible or.exchangeable securities, the Conversion: Price,.to the.extent.in:any way.affected by or =...
. ., computed .using such options, rights or.securities or options! of rights related:to-such. securities, shall be~ 2:
_: .recomputed to. reflect: the. issuance of only the number:of:shares of Common: Stock (and ‘convertible: or. os 0si-
" exchangeable securities which remain in effect) actually: issued: upon the exercise-of such options or rights). :)-is."

upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or: upon the ¢ exercise “of the eptions or rights related: to.

5gh

(5S) The number of shares. of Common Stock deemed issued ©:

and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to Sections.4(d\iKEX 1) and (2) shall be .ppropriately

adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration | of the ‘ype ‘described in either Section 4(d)iKEX3) 01 6.
- or. "4.

(ii) “Additional Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or

send to have been issued pursuant to Section 4(dXiE) by the Company after the Original Issue Date)
other. than:

(A) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to émployees, officers
or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or
stock option plans or other arrangements approved by the Board of Directors (including the approval of at
least seventy-five percent (75%) of the members of the Board of Directors) not to exceed 5,792,025 shares
of Common Stock (as adjusted for any Recapitalizations):

(B) — shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise or
conversion of any rights, agreements, options or warrants outstanding or issued as of the date of the filing of
this Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation:

(C) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to lenders, banks,
equipment lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing or commercial credit or leasing

arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (including the approval of at least seventy-five percent
(75%) of the members of the Board of Directors);

S$31899 2 DOC

(D) shares of Coinmon Stock issued or issuable upon conversior of the
Preerred Stock;

(E) shares of Common Stock issued in connection with strategic
transactions that include a commercial relationship involving the Company and other entities, including
(i) joint ventures, manufacturing, marketing or distribution arrangemenis, or (ii) technology transfer,
licensing or development arrangements; provided that such issuances have been approved by the Board of |

Directors (including the approval of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the members of the Board of
Directors);

(F) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant at any time in
connection with a. business. combination or acquisition (including: combinations:by merger or asset purchase
or other -reorganization): or partnering arrangement approved by.:the:Board:iof: Directors (including the or. 4

approval of of.at least seventy: ‘five percent (75%) of the members. of the Board-of. Directors); and. . n

‘ + ve a

Wt ae aS EN yas ook AG) . shares: of Common Stock issued in. ‘connection Wwith-a. Qualified
” .-Public Offering, at Pe a ote, wae

(ce) Adjustments common tise x ‘Gntin. Ga Combinations, Distributions,
Reciassifications and Reorganizations. The Conversion Price for cach s scries 3 of Preferred Stock shall be

. subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

- “Stock. vn the event t the. outstanding shares of. ‘Common-Stock shall -be: subdivided: (by stock: split, ‘stock: ‘is om aes
.,. dividend, or otherwise) into a greater number.of shares: of Common. Stock;-the Conversion Price in effect):

immediately prior to. such: subdivision shali, concurrently--with:the: effectiveness ‘of such “subdivision;: be: : Faas
proportionateiy decreased. In the event the outstanding: shares of Commion Stock. shall-be-combined:or. Rp Hey
consolidated (by reclassification, reverse stock split or otherwise) into a lesser number of stares of Common

‘Stock, the Conversion Price in effect. immediately prior to:such combination or contsolidation’ shall;;;
concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination or consolidation, be proportionately increased.‘

(ii) Adiustments for Other Distributions. In the event the Company. at any-time
or from time to time makes or fixes @ record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock.entitled
to receive any Distribution payable in securities of the Company, then and in each such event provision shall
be made sc that the holders of the Preferred Stock shal! receive upon such Distribution the amount of
secwjties of the Company which they would have received had their Preferred Stock converted into.
Common Stock on the date of such event and had they thereafter, during the period from the date of such
event to and including the date of conversion, retained such secunties receivable by them as aforesaid during
such period, subject to all other adjustments ce!icd for during such period under this Section 4 with respect
to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock.

(iit) j R J jon.
Commun Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a
different number of shares of any other class or ‘classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization,
reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares provided for above), the
Conversion Price then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such reorganization or
reclassification, te proportionately adjusted such that the Preferred Stock shall be convertible into. in lieu of
the number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entiiied to receive, a
number of shares of such other class or classes of stock equivalent to the number of shares of Common

Stock that would have been subject to receipt by the holders upon conversion of the Preferred Stock
immediately before that change.

33318992 DOC
{iv) Reorganizations, Mergers or Consolidations. If at any time or from time to
time, there is a capital reorganization of the Common Stock or the merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into another corporation or another entity or person (other than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer as
defined in Section 3(c) or a recapitalization, subdivision, combination, reclassification, exchange or
substitution of shares provided for elsewhere in this Section 4), as a part uf such capital reorganization,
merger or consolidation, provisicn shall be made so that the hulders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter
be entitled to receive upor conversion of the Preferred Stock held by them the number of shares of stock or
other securities or property to which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would have been entitled on such capital reorganization, merger or consolidation. In any such
_ £8, appropriate adjustment shall be made ir. the application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect.

. «to, the rights of the hciders of the Preferred Stock after the capital reorganization, merger or consolidation to: »~ --

-- », ginthe: end that the provisions of this Section.4 (including-adjustment of the Conversion Price: then:in-effect.and: 5:0."
.:+y. the nursber- of shares issuable upon: conversion of the: Preferred. Stock) shall be applicable after that event © -<

_ and be as nearly rauvalent as practicable.

eee ds ("°° -Cettificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrencé™of ‘ach: adjustivient’or' {
résdjustment of any Conversion Price pursuant to this Section:4;'the Company ‘at'its expense shall compute.

such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the' terms hereof and fumish' to each holder of the
Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company shall, upon the written request of any

holder of the Preferred Stock, furnish or cause te be fiumished te such holder 2 like certificate setting’‘forth
_ (i) such adjustments and readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Prices at the time in-effect, and (iii) the number. 5

a of shares" ‘of Commoa, ‘Stock’‘and’ the amount, if any, of other: property which at the time would be received wy

a oes. ‘the conv ersion of the Preferred Stock... _

See “ey” * Wai of Adjustment of Co ion Pric / Notwithstanding anything ‘herein to the
contrary, any downward’ adjustment of the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock may be: warved by the
consent or vote of the holders of at least seventy percent (70%) of the thenoutstanding. shares of the
Preferred Stock, Voting together’ asa ‘single class.

. Om | _. Notices of Record Date. In the event that the Contpeny shall-propose at any time:

“f° Gy to declare any dividend or Distribution upon its Common Stock, whether in

cash, property, stock or other securities, whether or not a regular cash dividend and whether or not out of
earnings or earned surplus;

(ii) to,offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of any class or series of its
stock (othér than pursuant to contractual agreements entered into with each such holder) any additional
shares of stock of any class or series of any other securities or property, or to receive any other rights;

(iii) to effect any Reclassification or other recapitalization of its Common Stock
outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

. (iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, or sell, lease or
convey all or substantially all its property or business, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up (other than in
connection with a merger, the sole purpose of which is to change the state of the Company’s incorporation);

then, in connection with each such event, the Company shall send to the holders of the Preferred Stock at
least 10 calendar days’ prior written notice of the earlier of (A) the date on which a record shall be taken for
such dividend, Distribution or subscription rights (and specifying the date on which the holders of Common
Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote in respect of the matters referred to in

(iti) and (iv) above or (B) the closing date of such event; provided, however, the notice provisions set forth

3531999 2 DOC -ll-

in .his section may be shortened c: waived by the vote or written consent of the holders of at least seventy
percent (70%) of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class. With

regard to the matters referenced in (ii1) and (iv) above, such witen notice shall describe the material terms
and conditions of the proposed transaction.

Each such written notice shall be given as provided in Section 7 below.

(i) ‘ Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company shall at all times
reserve and keen available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely for the purpose
of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such number of tts shares of Common Stock
as shall from time to time. be. sufficient. to effect the conversion of all then-outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued ‘shares. of Common Stock shall not
__, be sufficient to, effect the conyersion, of all fhen-outstanding shares of the. Preferred Stock; the Company will .

take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be iecessary to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Commion Stock to such number of shares. as‘shall te sufficient:for such: purpose,”
7 including ‘without limitation using its best efforts to obtain’ the’ requisite: shareholder: Approval, for. any: on
/ “necessary amendment to this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. « "

a3 No_Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its Articles of
- Incorporation or through any ‘Recazitalization, transfer of:asscts, consolidation, merger, dissolution,:issuc or’. ©
- sale of securities or any other val luntary action, avoid or seck to avoid the observance or performance of any .

“> of the tetms to be observid of performed hereunder by the’ Compan} y; but will at all-times:in good faith agsisi* oe

in the carrying. out of all the provisions of this Section 4"andiin: the taking uf all such. action as may. bei: *-

a necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion-Rights of the: holders ofthe Preferred. Stock: -
_ against diminution or other impairment; provided that in:any event,.any ‘provision of this Section:4 may be:.

a - amended.by the approval of the holders of at least severity’ ‘percerit (70%):of the then-outstanding si ares.of....--

Meh, Preferred d Stock, voting together as a single class (in addition’ to all: other: approvals required by mrplicable al
Taw). :

5. Voting. The holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote as a
~ single class except as otherwise required by law or provided herein. ie

(a) Preferred Stock. Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entiit.d to the
* number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock

held by such holder of the Preferred Stock could then be converted. Except as provided in Subsection 5(c)
-below, the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which the
Common Stock shall be entitled to vote and may act by written consent in the same manner as the holders of
Common Stock. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders’ meeting
in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any
fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of

the Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be rounded to the nearest whole number
(with one-half being rounded upward).

Common Stock. Except as otherwise required by law, each holder of shares of
Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share thereof held.

(c) Cumulative Voting. The hoiders of Common Stock and the holders of Preferred

Stock shall be entitled to cumulative voting rights as to the directors to be elected by each class er the
combined classes, in accordance with the provisions of Section 708 of the Califorma Corporations Code.

3531899 2 DOC
(d) Election of Directors. So long as at least 1,925,000 shares (as adjusted for
Recapitalizaticns) of the Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and
Senes B Preferred Stock, respectively, each voting as a separate class, shal] be entitled to each elect one (1)
member of the Company's Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company's
shareholders for the election of directors. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director elected by the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock or the Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, the holders of the
then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as the case may be, shall! be entitled,
voting as a separate class either by written consent or at a special meeting, to elect a successor to hold office
for the unexpired term of the director whose place shall be vacant. The holders of Common Stock, voting as
a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Company's Board of Directors at each
meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Company's shareholders for the election of directors. In the case
of any vacancy’ in the office of a director elected by the holders of:Commion Stock, the holders of the then

outstanding Cominion’ Stock shall be entitled, voting as a. separate: class‘either'by written consent or ata °°"

” special meeting, to elect a sticcess:-’ .o held office for the unexpired. term of the director whose place shall

- be vacant. One (1) additional met..ver of the Company’ s Board'of Directors shall'be elected by the holders -— ee

» of the Common Stock and ‘the Preferred Stock, voting together: a as’ ‘a Single class’ on-an’ n’as-converted to ns Tae
a ‘Common | Stock, basis. er,

6, Protective Provisions,

“(a) -: No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or by law:'there shall be novoting .
. by § Series A Preferred f Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series Cc Preferred: Stock ¢ asia a separate class.

i ; “Approval by Class. For so long’as- at least 1,925,000: ‘shares’ of Preferred: Stock ME
remain? “outstanding ai ‘adjusted for Recapitalizations);. the Company - -ghall. not,: (directly ‘or indirectly, cp

— Whether ‘by merger; consolidation: or’ “otherwise), without first obtaining ‘the approval (by vote’ or written’. Le whe
aan consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least severity: ‘percent (70%) of the then-ouistanding shares Pe

“” of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class:

(i) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Third Amended. and Restated...»

Articles of Incorporation of the Company if such action would alter the rights, preferences, privileges. or

powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Preferred Stock;

(ii) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock;

(iii) authorize or designate, whether by reclassification or otherwise, any new
class or serics of stock or any other securities convertible ir.» equity securities of the Company ranking pari

passu with or senior to the Preferred Stock, including, bu. .0t limited to, in right of conversion, liquidation
preference, voting or dividends;

(iv) amend or alter any term of any existing stock or option plan or create any
new stock or option plan;

(v) effect a recapitalization or reorganization of the Company;
(v1) effect any Acquisition or Asset Transfer,

(vii) increase or decrease the size of the Company's Board of Directors;

3531899. 2 DOC -13-
-

(viii) | materially change the Company's business as it is carned out, and as it is
contemplated to be carried cut, on the Original Issue Date;

(1x) enter into a material agreement or arrangement with any employee, officer,
director or shareholder of the Company, or any member of their immediate families; or

(x) declare or pay any dividends or Distributions on Common Stock or redeem,
purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a sinking, fund for such purpose) any share or
shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock; provided, however, that this restriction shall not apply to the

repuschase of shares of Common Stock from employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons

“performing services for the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which the Company..
“has the option to repurchase such shares “upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of-:
ts employment. o

pu TEs Be = “Notices. Any notice, demand, ofter, 1 request or ‘other comi.iunication required onpermitied

oto ‘be given by the-Company to the holders of Preferred: Stock pursuant to‘this Article TV. shall bein’ ‘writing aS
and shall be deemed effectively given. the earlier of (i). when-received, (ii);when delivered personally;: (iii) °

one (1) business dav after being deposited with an overnight courier service or:(iv) two (2) days:after being:

deposited in the U.S. mail, First Class with postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such

. holder’ S address appearing on n the books of the Company.

ARTICLE V .

oe, _of Di ility. The’ liability of the directors of: the: Company « for ey
nt] ‘monetary damages shall be: climinated to the fullest extent ‘permissible ‘under: California law.” neal

22. “Jndemmification of ~ Comorate _Agents The Company: iss authorized’: to: - provide:
indemnification of ugents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) through bylaw
provisions, agreements with agents, votes of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess
of the indernnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, subject only
to the applicable limits:set forth in Section 204 of the California Corporations Code with respect to acuons
for breach of duty to this Company and its shareholders. If, after the effective date of this Article V, the
California Corporations Code is amended in a manner that permits a:corporation to limit the monetary or
other liability of its directors or to authorize indemnification of, or advancement of such defense expenses
to, its directors or other persons, in any such case to a greater extent than is permitted on such effective date,
the references in this Article V to the “California ge Pomations Code” shall to that extent be deemed to refer
to the Califorrfia Corporations Code as so amended... ° . 28

3. Repeal or Modification. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this
Article V shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of the Company relating to acts or
omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

33318992 DOC -14-
