State of Delaware
Secre of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 03: 11 PM 12/17/2009
FILED 03:11 PM 12/17/2009
SRV 091112393 - 3792887 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
THE 41°" PARAMETER, INC.

The 41" Parameter. Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
(the “Corporation’), certifies that:

A. The name of the Corporation is The 41" Parameter, Inc. The Corporation's original
Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 22, 2004,
the Corporation’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of
Delaware on January 7, 2005, the Corporation's further Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 22, 2005, the Corporation's further
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware on April 25, 2006, and the Corporation’s further Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 15, 2007.

B. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in accordance with
Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and restates, integrates
and further amends the provisions of the Corporation’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

C. The text of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is further amended and
restated to read as set forth in EXHIBIT A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, The 41* Parameter, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by J. Peter Selda, a duly authorized officer of the Corporation, on
December 17, 2009.

/s/ J. Peter Selda
J. Peter Selda,
President and Chief Executive Officer
EXHIBIT A

ARTICLE |
The name of the Corporation is The 41“ Parameter, Inc.

ARTICLE II

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may
be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (*“DGCL”).

ARTICLE Ill

The address of the Corporation’s reyistered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street,
City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801. The name of the registered ayent at such address is The
Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE IV

The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 127,447,773,
consisting of 81,583,601 shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, and 45,864,172 shares of
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, 9,819,635 of which shall be designated “Series A Preferred
Stock”, 13,132,438 of which shal! be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and 22,912,099 of which shall
be designated “Series C Preferred Stock”. Fractional shares of Common Stock heretofore issued shall be
rounded upwards to the nearest whole nuinber and no further fractional shares shall be issued by the
Corporation. Subject to any vote required pursuant to ARTICLE V, Sections 5 or 6 hereof, the authorized
number of shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased, but not below the number of shares of
Comnnon Stock then outstanding, with the affirmative vote (or written consent) of holders of a majority of the
then-outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation, calculated on an as-if converted to Common Stock basis.

ARTICLE V
The tenns and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:
1. Definitions. For purposes of this ARTICLE V, the following definitions shall apply:
(a) “Conversion Price™ shall mean $0.44299 per share for the Series A Preferred Stock,
$0.85285 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock and $0.9683 per share for the Series C Preferred Stock (in
each case, subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations and as otherwise set forth elsewhere

herein).

(b) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or other
securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(c) “Corporation” shall mean The 41“ Parameter, Inc.
(d) “Distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or other property without consideration
whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock payable in Common Stock,

or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation for cash or property other than: (i) repurchases of

CoDecuments and Settings Shauna.! cc-Local Settings: Temporary Intemet Files‘O1.K24 Est - Series C Extension Charter - For
filing (PAL[B2_4292301 4).DOC -2-
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its
subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right
of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of Common Stock by of the Corporation or its subsidiaries pursuant to
rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right, (iii) repurchase of capital stock of the
Corporation in connection with the settlement of disputes with any stockholder, and (iv) any other repurchase
or redemption of capital stock of the Corporation approved by the holders of the Common Stock and
Preferred Stock of the Corporation voting as separate classes.

(e) “Dividend Rate” shall mean an annual rate of $0.0354392 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock, an annual rate of $0.0682280 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock and an annual rate of
$0.077464 per share for the Series C Preferred Stock (in each case, subject to adjustment from time to time
for Recapitalizations of the Preferred Stock as set forth elsewhere herein).

(f) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $0.44299 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock, $0.85285 per share for the Serics B Preferred Stock and $0.9683 per share for the Series C Preferred
Stock (in each case, subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations of the Preferred Stock as set
forth elsewhere herein).

(g) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise
acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(h) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.44299 per share for the Series A Preferred Stock,
$0.85285 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock and $0.9683 per share for the Series C Preferred Stock (in
each case, subject 1o adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations of the Preferred Stock as set forth
elsewhere herein).

(i) “Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock
and the Series C Preferred Stock, collectively.

(j) “Recapitalization” shall mean any stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares,
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event occurring after the date hereof.

2. Dividends.

(a) Preferred Stock. In any calendar year, the holders of outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of any
assets at the time legally available therefor, at the Dividend Rate specified for such shares of Preferred Stock
payable in preference and priority to any declaration or payment of any Distribution on Common Stock of the
Corporation in such calendar year. No Distributions shall be made with respect to the Common Stock until
al] declared dividends on the Preferred Stock have been paid or set aside for payment to the Preferred Stock
holders. The right to receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock shall not be cumulative, and no right to
such dividends shall accrue to holders of Preferred Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares
are not declared or paid in any calendar year. If dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock pursuant
to Section 2(b) below, an additional dividend shall be paid with respect to all outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock in an amount per share equal to (on an as-converted-to-common stock basis) the amount paid or set
aside for each share of Common Stock.

(b) Common Stock. Dividends may be paid on the Common Stock when, as and if declared
by the Board of Directors, subject to the prior dividend rights of the Preferred Stock pursuant to ARTICLE V,
Section 2(a) above.

CsDeocuments and Settings\Shauna. Lee\Local Settings: Temporary Internet FilesiOLK2\4 fst - Series C Extension Charter - For
filing _(PALIB2_4892301_4).D0C -3-
(c) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this Section 2 shall be
payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be deemed to be the fair market value
of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

3. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation”), the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be -
entitled to receive, pari passu among each other and prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the
assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an
amount per share for each share of Preferred Stock held by them equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation
Preference specified for such share of Preferred Stock and (ii) all declared but unpaid dividends (if any) on
such share of Preferred Stock. If upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets
of the Corporation legally available for distribution to the holders of the Preferred Stock are insufficient to
permit the payment to such holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(a), then the entire assets of
the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equal priority and pro rata among
the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the full amounts they would otherwise be entitled to
receive pursuant to this Section 3(a).

(b) Remaining Assets. After the payment or setting aside for payment to the holders of
Preferred Stock of the full amounts specified in Section 3(a) above. the entire remaining assets of the
Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed pro rata to holders of the Common Stock of
the Corporation in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them.

(c) Shares not Treated as Both Preferred Stock and Common Stock in any Distribution.
Shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to be converted into shares of Common Stock in order to

participate in any Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of Common Stock, without first foregoing
participation in the Distribution, or series of Distributions, as shares of Preferred Stock.

(d) Reorganization. For purposes of this Section 3, unless otherwise determined by the
holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (pursuant to a
waiver of such holders’ liquidation nights under this Section 3), a Liquidation shall be deemed to be
occasioned by. or to include, a Change of Control. A “Change of Control” shall mean: (a) the acquisition of
the Corporation by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions to which the
Corporation is party (including, without limitation, any stock acquisition, reorganization, merger or
consolidation but excluding any sale of stock consummated principally for capital raising purposes) other than
a transaction or series of transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Corporation
outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to retain (either by such voting securities
remaining outstanding or by such voting securities being converted into voting securities of the surviving
entity), as a result of shares in the Corporation held by such holders prior to such transaction, at least fifty
percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Corporation or such
surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction or series of transactions; or (b) a sale.
exclusive license lease or other conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation. In the event of a Change of Control, upon the closing of such Change of Control each holder of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, for each share of Preferred Stock then held, out of the procceds of
such Change of Control, the greater of the amount of cash, securities or other property which such holder
would be entitled to receive either (i) pursuant to Section 3(a) above, or (ii) if such holder had converted such
shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the closing of such Change of
Control.

C2Dwcuments and Senings'Shauna.leeiloecal Settings’ emporary Intemet Files OLK 24 Ist - Series C Estension Charter - For

filing_(PALIB2_4892301_4),.DOC -4-
(ce) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation distributed to
stockholders in connection with any Liquidation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be
their fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows:

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the
holder thercof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the Corporation or any
transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid, nonassessable shares of Common Stock
determined by dividing the Original Issue Price for the relevant scries by the Conversion Price for such series.
(The number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Preferred Stock of a series may be
converted is hercinafter referred to as the “Conversion Rate” for each such series.) Upon any decrease or
increase in the Conversion Price for any series of Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the
Conversion Rate for such series shall be appropriately increased or decreased.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted
into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Rate for such share
(i) immediately prior to the closing of a finn commitment underwritten initial public offering (“IPO”)
pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), covering the offer and sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock, provided that the offering
price per share yields a pre-IPO valuation of the Corporation equal to or in excess of $100,000.000 and the
aggregate gross proceeds to the Corporation exceed $20,000,000 (before deduction of underwriter
commissions and expenses), or (ii) upon the receipt by the Corporation of a written request for such
conversion from the holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting
together as a single class on an as-converted to Common Stock basis, or, if later, the effective date for
conversion specified in such requests (each of the events referred to in (i) and (ii) are referred to herein as an
“Automatic Conversion Event’).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon
conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder would otherwise be
entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash cqual to such fraction multiplied by the then fair market value of a
share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors. For such purpose, all shares of Preferred
Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock then being converted into Common Stock shall be aggregated,
and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash. Before any holder of Preterred
Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and to receive certificates
therefor, he shall either (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the
Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or (B) notify the Corporation or its transfer agent
that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and execute an agreement satisfactory to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates,
and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the same; provided,
however, that on the date of an Automatic Conversion Event, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall
be converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent; and provided
further, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion Event unless either the certificates evidencing such
shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided above, or the
holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed
and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss
incurred by it in connection with such certificates, On the date of the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion
Event, each holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the

C\Docuinents and Scttings Shauna. | geil ncal Settings Pemporary Intemet FilesOLK2‘4 st - Series C Extension Chanter - For
tiling (PALIB2_ 4892301 4.000 -5-
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shares
of Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that notice from the
Corporation shall not have been received by any holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock, or that the
certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered to such holder.

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery of such certificates, or after such
agreement and indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate
or certificates tor the number of shares of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled as aforesaid and a
check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a conversion into
fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the converted Preferred Stock.
Such conversion (if other than in connection with an Automatic Conversion Event) shall be deemed to have
been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred
Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such date; provided, however, that if the conversion is in connection with an underwritten
offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act or a merger, sale, financing, or liquidation of the
Corporation or other event, the conversion may. at the option of any holder tendering Preferred Stock for
conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of such transaction or upon the occurrence of such event, in
which case the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the
Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the
closing of such transaction or the occurrence of such event.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) | Special Definition. For purposes of this paragraph 4(d), “Additional Shares
of Common” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(ii), deemed to be
issued) by the Corporation after the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, other
than issuances or deemed issuances of:

(1) up to 13,112,806 shares of Common Stock (or such greater number of
shares of Common Stock as may be approved by the Board of Directors and the affirmative vote of holders of
at least a majority-in-interest of the Preferred Stock) issued or issuable after the date of the filing of this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to officers, directors and employees of, or consultants to,
the Corporation pursuant to stock grants, option plans. purchase plans or other employee stock incentive
programs or arrangements approved by the Board of Directors, or upon exercise of options or warrants
yranted to such parties pursuant to any such plan or arrangement, provided, however, that such amount shall
be increased to reflect any shares of Common Stock (i) not issued pursuant to the rights, agreements, option
or warrants (“Unexercised Options”) as a result of the termination of such Unexercised Options or (ii)
reacquired by the Company from employees, directors or consultants at cost (or the lesser of cost or fair
market value) pursuant to agreements which permit the Company to repurchase such shares upon termination
of services to the Company;

(2) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock:

(3) shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise or conversion of
Options or Convertible Securities outstanding as of the date of the filing of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation;

C2 Documents and Setlings\Shauna.] ceiLocal Scttings\Femporary Internet FilestO1.K244) st - Series C Extension Charter - For
filing (PALIB2_489230)_4).DOC -6-
(4) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a dividend or distribution
on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to paragraph 4(e), 4(f) or
4(g) hereof:

(5) shares of Common Stock issued in a registered public offering under the
Securities Act;

(6) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the acquisition of
another corporation by the Corporation by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or other
reorganization or to a joint venture agreement, provided, that such issuances are approved by the holders of at
Icast a majority-in-interest of the Preferred Stock;

(7) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to banks, equipment lessors
or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing or commercial leasing transaction approved by the
Board of Directors and the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the Preferred Stock:

(8) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with any
settlement of any action, suit, proceeding or litigation approved by the Board of Directors and the affirmative
vote of holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the Preferred Stock;

(9) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with sponsored
research, collaboration, technology license, development, OEM, marketing or other similar agreements or
strategic partnerships or alliances approved by the Board of Directors and the affirmative vote of holders of at
least a majority-in-interest of the Preferred Stock:

(10) — shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon exercise of
warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock issued in connection with bridge financings approved by the
Board of Directors and the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the Preferred Stock:

(11) — shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to suppliers or third party
service providers in connection with the provision of goods or services pursuant to transactions approved by
the Board of Directors and the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the Preferred
Stock; and

(12) — shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of
shares of Series C Preferred Stock (x) issued pursuant to that certain Series C Preferred Stock and Warrant
Purchase Agreement dated as of December __, 2009 by and among the Corporation and the Investors (as
described therein) (the “Series C Purchase Agreement”), and (y) issued or issuable upon exercise of those
certain warrants to purchase Series C Preferred Stock issued in connection with the Series C Purchase
Agreement.

(ii) | Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common. In the event the

Corporation at any time or from time to time after the date of the filing of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the
determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible
Securities, (hen the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard
to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities, the conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities or. in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options
and the conversion or exchange of the underlying securities, shall be deemed to have been issued as of the

CADocuments and Scttings:Shauna.|.celocal Scttings\ Temporary Intemet FilesiOL.K2'4 ist - Series C Extension Chanter - For
filing (PAI IB2_4892301_4).DOC -7]-
time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such
record date, provided that in any such case in which shares are deemed to be issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of any series of Preterred
Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common Stock in
connection with the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms provide, with the
passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable to the Corporation or in the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof (other than a change
pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of such Options or Convertible Securities such as this Section 4(d) or
pursuant to Recapitalization provisions of such Options or Convertible Securities such as Sections 4(e), 4(f)
and 4(g) hereof), the Conversion Price of each scries of Preferred Stock and any subsequent adjustments
based thereon shall be recomputed to reflect such change as if such change had been in effect as of the
original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of the record date with respect thereto):

(3) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) above shall have the effect of
increasing the Conversion Price of a serics of Preferred Stock to an amount above the Conversion Price that
would have resulted from any other issuances of Additional Shares of Common and any other adjustments
provided tor herein between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date:

(4) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of conversion or
exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the Conversion Price of
each scrics of Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record
date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall, upon such expiration, be
recomputed as if:

(a) in the case of Convertible Securities or Options for Common
Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common issued were the shares of Common Stock, if any, actually
issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities and the
consideration received therefor was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue of
such exercised Options plus the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise or for
the issue of all such Convertible Securities which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional
consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and

(b) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, only the
Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of issue of
such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of Common
deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue of
such exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been received by the Corporation (determined
pursuant to Section 4(d)(iv)) upon the issue of the Convertible Securities with respect to which such Options
were actually exercised: and

(5) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or Convertible
Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in the Conversion Price
which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of business on such record date,
and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph 4(d)(ii) as of the actual date of
their issuance.

CaDocuments and Settings\Shauna.|.ce!Local Scttingst Temporary Internet Files‘O1K2'4 Ist - Series C Extension Charter - For
filing (PALIB2_4892301_4).D0C -8-
(iii) | Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares of
Common. In the event this Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common (including Additional
Shares of Common deemed to be issued pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(ii)) without consideration or for a
consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock in effect on the
date of and immediately prior to such issue, then, the Conversion Price of the affected series of Preterred
Stock shall be reduced. concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) detennined by
multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares which the aggregate
consideration received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common so issued
would purchase at such Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional Shares of
Common so issucd. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be reduced at such time if
the amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01, but any such amount shall be carried forward, and a
reduction will be made with respect to such amount at the time of, and together with, any subsequent
reduction which, together with such amount and any other amounts so carried forward, equal $0.01 or more in
the aggregate. For the purposes of this Subsection 4(d)(iii), all shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and the exercise and/or conversion of any other
outstanding Convertible Securities and al! outstanding Options shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(iv) | Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this subsection 4(d), the
consideration received by the Corporation for the issue (or deemed issue) of any Additional Shares of
Common shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate
amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable discounts, commissions or other
expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection with
such issuance;

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be computed at
the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors:
and

(c) in the event Additional Shares of Common are issued together
with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which covers both, be the
proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (a) and (b) above, as
reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share
reccived by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common deemed to have been issued pursuant to
paragraph 4(d)(ii) shall be determined by dividing:

(x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Corporation as
consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of
additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision
contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the
exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of
Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities by

C-Decuments and Setings'Shauna. Lce:Local Settings Lemporary Internet FitestOLK24 Ist - Series C Extension Charter - For
filing (PALIB2_ 4892301 4).DOC -9-
(y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of

such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities.

(c) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the event the
outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a stock dividend or

otherwise), into a greater number of sharcs of Common Stock without a corresponding subdivision of the
Preferred Stock, the Conversion Price of each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such
subdivision shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In
the event the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a
lesser number of shares of Common Stock without a corresponding combination of the Preferred Stock, the
Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to such combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness
of such combination, be proportionately increased.

(f) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. In the event the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by

payment of a stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Preferred Stock without a
corresponding subdivision of the Common Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and Liquidation
Prefercnce of the affected series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or
otherwise) into a lesser nuinber of shares of Preferred Stock without a corresponding combination of the
Common Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the affected series of
Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of
such combination, be proportionately increased.

(gz) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to Section 3 above
(“Liquidation Rights”), if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be

changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or classes of stock, whether by
capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of shares
provided for above), then, in any such event, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock which the
holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive each holder of such Preferred Stock shall have the right
thereafter to convert such shares of Preferred Stock into a number of shares of such other class or classes of
stock which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of
Preferred Stock immediately before that change would have been entitled to receive in such reorganization or
reclassification, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares.

(h) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment
of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such
adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock
a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall. upon the request at any time of any holder of
Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such
adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the
conversion of Preferred Stock.

(i) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of any series of Preferred Stock may be waived
CADocuments and Sctings'Shauna.] oc: ocal Settings\ Temporan Internet Files OLK24t1 st - Series © Estension Charicr - For
filing_(PATIB2_4892301_4).D0C -10-

by the consent or vote of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding shares of such series
either before or after the issuance causing the adjustment.

(j) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4 shall be in writing and
shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by
continned clectronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the
next business day, (iii) three (3) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier,
specifying next day delivery, with verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to each holder of
record at the address of such holder appearing on the books of the corporation.

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all times
reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely for the purpose
of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock
as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred
Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will
take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

5. Voting.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by
law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together and not as separate
classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law, there shall be no
series voting.

(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes
equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder
could be converted as of the record date. The holders of shares of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote
on all matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled to vote. Holders of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional
votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after
agereyating all shares into which shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be
disrcyarded.

(d) Election of Directors. So long as at least 7,516,793 shares of Preferred Stock remain
outstanding (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalizations of the Preferred Stock), the holders of the
then outstanding Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the
Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation's
stockholders for the election of directors. The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Corporation's Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each
consent of the Corporation's stockholders for the election of directors. Any additional members of the
Corporation's Board of Directors shall be mutually elected by the holders of at least a majority-in-interest of
the then outstanding Common Stock and the holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the then outstanding
Preferred Stock. each voting as a separate class and, with respect to the holders of Preferred Stock, on an as-
converted to Common Stock basis. If a vacancy on the Board of Directors is to be filled by the Board of

CADocuments and Sctlings\Shauna.Lce‘Local Settings\Temporary Intemet Files\O1.K2\ 1 st - Series C Extension Charter - For
filing (PALIB2_4X92301 4).DOC -I1-

Directors, only directors elected by the same class or classes of stockholders as those who would be entitled
to vote to fill such vacancy shall vote to fill such vacancy.

(ec) Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote fur
each share thereof held.

6. Required Class Vote.

(a) As long as at least 7,516,793 shares (as appropriately adjusted for any Recapitalizations
of the Preferred Stock) of Preferred Stock shall be issued and outstanding, the Corporation shall not (by
merger, amendment, recapitalization or otherwise), without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock:

(i) amend, alter or change any of the rights, preferences or privileges of the
Preferred Stock;

(ii) | increase or decrease (other than for decreases resulting from conversion of
the Preferred Stock) the authorized number of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock;

(iii) create (by reclassification or otherwise) or issue, or obligate itself to issue,
any new class or series of capital stock having rights, preferences or privileges senior to any outstanding
series of Preferred Stack;

(iv) redeem, repurchase or otherwise reacquire any shares of Preferred Stock or
Common Stock (other than pursuant to employment or consulting agreements providing the Company the
right to repurchase such shares at the original cost thereof upon the termination of services and provided that
such repurchase is approved by the Board of Directors);

(v) pay or declare dividends payable to holders of Preferred Stock or Common
Stock;

(vi) increase or decrease the authorized size of the Board of Directors of the
Corporation;

(vii) enter into any transaction or series of related transactions that would
constitute, be deemed to constitute, or result in a Change of Control;

(viii) | amend or alter the rights, preferences or privileges of the Common Stock; or

(ix) otherwise amend the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws in
a manner that adversely affects the rights, preferences or privileges of any series of Preferred Stock.

ARTICLE VI
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

ARTICLE VII

C2 Documents and Settings\Shauna. Leet ocal Settings: Femporary Intemet Files‘Ol K244 ist - Series © Extension Charter - For
Hling_(PALIB2_4892301 4). DOC -|2-
Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless a stockholder demands election by written
ballot at the meeting and before voting begins or unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.

ARTICLE VII

Unless otherwise set forth herein, the number of directors which constitute the Board of Directors of
the Corporation shall be designated in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE IX

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conterred by statute, the Board of Directors of the
Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE X

To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as the same may be amended from time to time, a
director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If the DGCL is hereafter amended to authorize, with or
without the approval of a corporation's stockholders, further reductions in the liability of the Corporation's
directors for breach of fiduciary duty, then a director of the Corporation shall not be liable for any such breach
to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or modification of this Article X, or
the adoption of any provision of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article
X, shall only be prospective and shall not adversely affect the rights under this Article X in effect at the time
of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act giving rise to liability.

ARTICLE XI

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) directors, officers, employees, and other agents of the
Corporation (and any other persons to which DGCL permits the Corporation to provide indemnification),
through Bylaw provisions, agreements with any such director. officer, employee or other agent or other
person, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and
advancement otherwise permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL and the laws of any other applicable
jurisdiction, subject only to limits created by the provisions of applicable DGCL (statutory or nonstatutory),
with respect to actions for breach of duty to a corporation, its stockholders, and others.

Any repeal or modification of any of the foregoing provisions of this Article Xl, by amendment of
this Article XJ or by operation of law, shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director, officer,
employee or other agent or other person existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director of the
Corporation with respect to any acts or omissions of such director, officer or agent occurring prior to such
repeal or modification.

ARTICLE XI

Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws may
provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the statutes)
outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board
of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

( ‘\Documents and Settings*Shauna.|.ce:Local Setuings: emporary [nternet Files‘OLK2'4ist - Series C Extension Charter - For
fihng_{PALIB2_4¥92301_4).DOC -13-
