State of Delaware
Secretary of Stare ns
Division of Corpora
Dalivered 11:27 AM 50/31/2005
FILED 11:22 AM 10/31/2005
SRV 050886541 ~- 3845199 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
6™ SENSE SOFTWARE, INC. SE-\

Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the
undersigned corporation hereby submits the following for the purpose of amending and
restating its Certificate of Incorporation. The corporation’s original Certificate of
Incorporation was filed on August 20, 2004.

ARTICLE ]

The name of the corporation is 6 Sense Software, Inc. (the “Corporation”).

ARTICLE J]

The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is 3500 S.
Dupont Highway, in the City of Dover, Kent County, Delaware 19901, and the name of the
registered agent is Incorporating Services, Ltd.

ARTICLE II

The purpose for which the Corporation is organized is to engage in any lawful act or
activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of
Delaware.

ARTICLE IV

Effective upon filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the
Delaware Secretary of State, and prior to the issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock each
currently outstanding share of Common Stock will be converted and reconstituted into 8.78204
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation (the “Stock Split”). No fractional shares or scrip
representing fractional shares will be issued in connection with such Stock Split. If, after the
aforementioned aggregation, the Stock Split would result in the issuance of any fractional
share, the Corporation shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay cash equal to the
product of such fraction multiplied by the Common Stock’s fair market value (as determined by
the Board of Directors) on the date of conversion. Al) numbers of shares, and all amounts
stated on a per share basis, contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, are stated after giving effect to such Stock Split and no further adjustment shall
be made as a consequence of such Stock Split.

The Corporation will have the authority to issue 14,000,000 shares of capital stock,

$0.000] par value per share, of which 10,000,000 shares wil] be Common Stock and of which
4,000,000 shares will be Preferred Stock.

1T2E1 719088 v5


The following is a statement of the designations and the powers, privileges and rights,
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thercof in respect of cach class of capital slock
of the Corporation.

A. COMMON STOCK.

1. General. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of thc holders of the
Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the righis of the holders of the Preferred Stock of
any series as may be designated by the Board of Directors upon any issuance of the Preferred
Stock of any series.

2. Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held at all meetings of shareholders (and written actions in heu of meetings). There shall be no
cumulative voting.

3. Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock from
funds lawfully available therefor as and when determined by the Board of Directors and subject
to any preferential dividend rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock.

4. Liquidation. Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, whether
voluntary of involuntary, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders, subject to any preferential rights of any
then outstanding Preferred Stock.

B. PREFERRED STOCK.

Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such
series to have such terms as stated or expressed herein and in the resolution or resolutions
providing for the issue of such series adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation as
hereinafter provided. Different series of Preferred Stock shall not be construed to constitute
different classes of shares for the purposes of voting by classes unlcss expressly provided.

Authority is hereby expressly granted to the Board of Directors from time to time to issue
the Preferred Stock in one or more series, and in connection with the creation of any such series,
by resolution or resolulions providing for the issue of the shares thereof, to determine and fix
such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations. preferences and
relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or
restrictions thereof. including without limitation thereof. dividend rights, conversion rights,
redemption privileges and liquidations preferences, as shall be stated and expressed in such
resolutions, all to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware and this Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to any requirements of the
Certificate of Incorporation, to fix or ulter the number of shares comprising any such series and
the designation thereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the resolutions
providing for issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide that such series shall be

superior or rank equally or be junior to the Preterred Stock of any other series to the extent
permitted by law.

17211 7-419N88 v5

No

The Preferred Stock of the Corporation shall consist of 3,060,000 shares of Serics
Preferred Stock, $0.00Q01 par value per share (the “Scries | Preferred Stock”), the powers,
preferences. rights, privileges avd restrictions, qualifications and limitations of which are set
forth below.

1. Dividends

(a) The holders of shares of Series | Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive
cumulative dividends at a rate equal to eight percent (8%) of the Series | Original Price (as
defined herein) per share per annum (“Cumulative Dividends”). “Series | Original Price” will
mean $0.50 per share of Series | Preferred Stock, which amount will be adjusted for any stock
splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or the like occurring after the date hereof. Prior to the
occurrence of a Liquidating Event (as defined in Scction 2(c) bclow) or a redemption of the
Series | Preferred Stock, Cumulative Dividends will be payable in cash or in Common Stock at
the option of the holders of a majority of the Series 1 Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event of any default in the redemption of the Series 1 Preferred Stock pursuant
to this Certificate, the holders of shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock will he entitled to receive
cumulative dividends at a rate equal to twelve percent (12%) of the Series | Original Price per
share per annum during the period of such default. The Cumulative Dividends will be prior and
in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common
Stock or other securities and rights converlible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive,
directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation), distribution or
payment of any kind on the Common Stock or any other equity securities of the Corporation
other than the Series | Preferred Stock (each a “Junior Security” and collectively, the “Junior
Secunties”). and will be payable when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. Unless otherwisc required by law, Cumulative Dividends will accrue on each share
of Series | Preferred Stock commencing on the date of issue of such sharc, whcther or not carned
or declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus or other funds of the Corporation
available for the payment of dividends.

(b) In the event that the Corporation declares or pays any dividends or other
distributions on any Junior Security (whether payable in cash, securities or other property), other
than dividends payable in shares of Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into
or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, shares of Common Stock of the
Corporation, the Corporation will also declare and pay to the holders of the Series | Preferred
Stock, at the same time that it declares and pays such dividends to the holders of the Junior
Security, the dividends or other distributions which would have been declared and paid with
respect to the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series ! Preferred Stock and any
such Junior Security, had all of the outstanding Series | Preferred Stock and any such Junior
Security been converted into Common Stock immediately prior to the record date for such
dividend or distribution and such dividend or distribution had been declared and paid only on
such Common Stock, or if no record date is fixed, the date as of which the record holders of the
Junior Security entitled to such dividends or others distributions arc to be determined.

STIVL 7-419083 v5

Ls)

2. Liquidation

(a) Preference on Liquidation. Upon the occurrence of any Liquiduting Event, each
holder of Series 1 Preferred Stock then outstanding will be paid, out of the assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, before any payment will be made in
respect of the Corporation’s Common Stock, an amount equal to the Series | Orginal Price per
share of Scries | Preferred Stock, plus accrued dividends that arc then unpaid for each share of
Series | Preferred Stock then held by it (the “Scrics 1 Preference Amount’); subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other
similar recapitalization affecting such shares.

(b) Payment on Liquidation,

{i) Written notice of any such Liquidating Event stating a payment date, the
place where such payment will be made, the amount of each payment in liquidation and the
amount of dividends to be paid will be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, not less than
thirty (30) days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each holder of record of the Preferred
Stock at such holder’s address as shown in the records of the Corporation, provided that any
holder of Preferred Stock may convert its shares of Preferred Stock to Common Stock during
such period at any time prior to the payment date statcd in such notice.

(i) Tf, upon the occurrence of a Liquidating Event, the assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders will be insufficient to pay the holders of
the Series | Preferred Stock the full Series 1 Preference Amount lo which they will be entitled,
the holders of the Series | Preferred Stock will share ratably in any distribution of assets (so that

each holder receives the same percentage of the applicable Series | Preference Amount per
share).

(iii) | Afier payment has been made to the holders of the Preferred Stock of the
full Preference Amcunts to which they will be entitled as aforesaid, any remaining asscts will bc
distributed ratably among the holders of the Corporation’s Common Stock and Preferred Stock as
if such shares of Preferred Stock had been converted voluntarily into Common Stock
immediately prior to such Liquidating Event.

(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the amount to be distributed to the
holders of the Series | Preferred Stock upon a Liquidating Event would be greater than seven (7)
times the Series 1 Original Price were the entire distribution made to the holders of Common
Stock and the holders of Preferred Stock (each share of which will be treated for purposes of
such distribution as the number of shares of Common Stock into which such share could then be
converted) pro rata without regard to class, then cach holdcr of Series 1 Preferred Stock will
reccive, in licu of receiving the Series 1 Preference Amount, only its ratable share of the
Corporation’s assets as if such shares of such Series | Preferred Stock had been converted

voluntarily into Common Stock at the then applicable conversion rate immediately prior to such
Liquidating Event.

17211 7-91908% 635

(c) Liquidating Event. A “Liquidating Event” will mean (i) any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, (ji) a sale, transfer
or other disposition of all or substantially all the asscts of the Corporation to an entity that is not
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Corporation; for purposes of this
definition, “control” will mean ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power
of an entity or (iii) any transaction resulting in a change of control; for purposcs of this definition.
a “change of control” means that upon the close of a transaction (including, without limitation,
any transaction to which the Corporation is not a party, including, without Iumnitation, a share
exchange and/or any transfer(s) of shares by one or more of the Corporation’s stockholders as of
the date hereof) in which the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to the transaction
hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the resulting entity: provided, however,
if the holders of a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, so clect by
giving written notice to the Corporation before the cffcctive date of a transaction that would
otherwise be a Liquidating Event as defined herein, such transaction will not be deemed a
Liquidating Event.

3. Voting

(a) Voting Rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by
law, the holder of each share of Preferred Stock will be entitled to the number of votes equal to
the number of shares of Common Stock into which such share of Preferred Stock could then be
converted and will have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the
Common Stock (except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law, voting
together with the Common Stock as a single class) and will be cntitled to notice of any
stockholders’ mecting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes will
not, however, be permitted and any fractional voling rights resulting from the above formula
{alter aggregating all shares of Common Stock into which shares of Preferred Stock held hy each
holder could be converted) will be reduced to the nearest whole number.

(b) Board of Directors. The Board of Directors will consist of five (5) directors,
which will be constituted as follows: (i) two (2) directors, who will be elected by the holders of a
majonty of the Series | Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class, (11) two (2) directors,
who will be elected by the holders of a majority of the Common Stock, voting together as a
separate class, and (iii) onc (1) director, who will be elected by the holders of a majority of the
Common Stock, but subject to the approval of the holders of a majorily of the Series 1 Preferred
Stock, voling together as a separate class. In the event of any failure by the Corporation to
redeem any shares of Series } Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 8 below at any time, the Board
of Directors will immediately consist of seven (7) directors; five (5) of the directors will be
elected as provided in the immediately preceding sentence and two (2) additional directors will
be elected by the holders of a majorily of the Series | Preferred Stock, voting together as a
separate class. In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring among the
directors elected by the holders of a group described above, the remuining director so elected by
the holders of a majorily in interest of such yroup may, or if there is no such director remaining,
the holders of such group. voting as a group, will be entitled to appoint a successor or successors
to hold the office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or places will be
vacant. Any director who will have been elected by the holders of a group described above may

VIQET F-ATORK VS

be removed during his or her term of office, whether with or without causc, only by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of shares of such group.

(c) Protective Provisions of Series | Preferred Stock. In addition to any other rights
provided by law or as set forth in this Certificate of Incorporation, so lung as at least 500,000
shares of Series | Preferred Stock will be outstanding, the Corporation will not, without first
oblaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of at leas! a majority of the then-
outstanding shares of the Series | Preterred Stock, consenting or voting separately as a class:

(i) take any action that alters or changes the powers, rights, preferences or
privileges of the Series | Preferred Stock;

(ii) take any action that increases or decreascs the total number of authorized
shares of the Series | Preferred Stock;

(iii) authorize or issue any new or existing class or classes or series of capital
stock having any preference or priority on parity with or scnior to the Scrics | Preferred Stock as
to dividends, liquidation, redemption, conversion, voting or assets, or authorize or issue sharcs of
stock of any class or any bonds, debentures, notes ur other obligations convertible into or
exchangeable for, or having option rights to purchase, any shares of stock of the Corporation
having any preference or priority on parity with or senior to the Series | Preferred Stock as to
dividends, liquidation, redemption, conversion, voting or assets; or

(iv) reclassify any Common Stock into shares having any preference or priority
senior to or on a parity with any such preference or priority of the Series 1 Preferred Stock as to
dividends, liquidation, redemption, conversion, voting or assets.

(v) amend or repeal any provision of. or add any provision to, the
Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, in a manner that adversely alters the rights,
preferences and privileges of the Series | Preferred Stuck;

(vt) pay or declare any dividend or distribution (other than a dividend or
distribution payable solely in the Corporation's capital stock) on any shares of its capital stock
(other than the Series | Preferred Stock), or apply any of its assets to the redemption, retirement,
purchase or acquisition, directly or indirectly, through subsidiaries or otherwise, of any shares of
its capital stock, except for repurchases of shares from former employees, directors or consultants
pursuant to the terms of such former employees’, directors’ or consultants’ stock purchase or
restricted stock agreements providing for such repurchascs at the original issuance prices for such
shares:

(vil) — sell, lease, license, convey, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of all
or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets:

(vii!) enter into any transaction resulting in a change of control (as defined
above in Article V(B)(3));

L720 7-A190RR v§

(ix) enter into any merger into, consolidation with or share exchange with any
other entity;

(x} voluntarily or involuntarily liquidate, dissolve or wind up the Corporation
or its business: or

(xi) undertake any public offering of the Corporation's securitics other than a
Qualified Public Offering (as defined below).

4, Conversion Rights

(a) | Each share of Preferred Stock will be convertible at the option of the holder
thereof, at any time after the issuance of such shure, into fully paid and nouasscssable shares of
Common Stock of the Corporation into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock as is obtained by (i) multiplying the number of shares of the Preferred Stock to
be so converted by the applicable Original Price for such shares of Preferred Stock and
(ii) dividing the result by the applicable Conversion Price (hereinafter defined) for such senes of
Preferred Stock. Subject to adjustment as provided below, the “Series | Conversion Price” will
be the Series | Original Price.

(b) — The holder of any sharcs of Preferred Stock may exercise the conversion rights as
to such shares or any part thereof by delivering to the Corporation during regular business hours,
at the office of any transfer agent of the Corporation for the Preferred Stock. or at the principal
office of the Corporation or at such other place as may be designated by the Corporation, the
certificate or certificates for the shares to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer to the
Corporation or accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer (if required by it),
accompanied by written notice stating that the holder elects to convert all or a number of such
shares represented by the certificate or certificatcs. Such notice will also state such holder’s
name or the names of the nominees in which such holder wishes the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock to be issued. Conversion will be deemed to have been effected on the
date when such delivery is made, and such date is referred to herein as the “Conversion Date”.
As promptly as practicable thereafter the Corporation will issue and deliver to such holder, at
such office or other place designated by the Corporation, a certificate or certificates for the
number of full shares of Common Stock to which such holder is entitled and a check for cash
with respect to any fractional intcrest in a sharc of Common Stock as provided in Subsection
4(c). The holder will be deemed to have become a stockholder of record on the applicable
Conversion Date. Upon conversion of only a portion of the number of shares of Preferred Stock
represented by a certificate surrendered for conversion, the Corporation will issue and deliver to
the holder of the certificate so surrendered for conversion, at the expense of the Corporation, a
new certificate covering the number of shares of Preferred Stock representing the unconverted
portion of the certificate so surrendered.

(c) No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip will be issued upon conversion of
shares of Preferred Stock. If more than one share of Preferred Stock will be surrendered for
conversion at any one time by the same holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion thcreof will be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of

17211. 7-4 9GR3 v5 =

shares of Preferred Stock so surrendered. Instead of any fractional shares of Common Stock that
would otherwise be issuable upon conversion of any sharcs of Preferred Stock, the Corporation
will pay a cash adjustment in respect of such fractional interest equal to the fair market value of
such fractional interest as determined in good faith by the Corporation’s Board of Directors. The
Corporation will pay any and all issue and other taxes that may be payable in respect of any issue
or delivery of shares of Common Stock on conversion of Preferred Stock pursuant hereto. ‘The
Corporation will not, however, be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that
in which the Preferred Stock so converted was registered, and no such issue or delivery will be
made unless and until the person requesting such issue has paid tv Uie Corporation the arnount of.
any sucli tax or has established, to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

(d) | The Corporation will at all times reserve and keep available, out of its authorized
but unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of Preferred
Stock, the full number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon the conversion of all
Preterred Stock from time to time outstanding. The Corporation will from time to time use its
best effort to obtain necessary director and stockholder approvals, in accordance with the laws of
the State of Delaware, to increase the authorized amount of its Common Stock if at any time the
authorized amount of its Common Stock remaining unissued will not be sufficient to permit the
conversion of all of the shares of Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, and will take all such
actions as are necessary to increase such authorized amount of Common Stock upon obtaining
such approvals.

(e) If the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of Preferred Stock will be
changed into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by
capital reorganization, reclassification, or otherwise (other than a subdivision or combination of
shares or stock dividend provided for in Subscction 5(a)), then and in each such event the holder
of each share of Preferred Stock will have the night thereafter to convert such share into the kind
aid amount of shares of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such
reorganization, reclassification, or other change, by holders of the numher of shares of Common
Stock into which such shares of Preferred Stock might have been converted immediately prior to
such reorganization, reclassification, or change.

() In case of any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another
corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation to another
corporation (other than a consolidation, merger or sale treated as a Liquidating Event pursuant to
Subsection 2(c) above), each share of Preferred Stock will thereafier be convertible into the kind
and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property that a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon conversion of Preferred Stock would have
been entitled upon such consolidation, merger or sale; and in such case, appropriate adjustment
(as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) will be made in the application of the
provisions of Sections 4 and 5 with respect to the rights and interest thereafter of the holders of
Preferred Stock, to the end that the provisions set forth in Sections 5 and 6 will thereafter be
applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to any shares of stock or other property
thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of Preferred Stock.

17201. 7-419D88 v5

(z) If any shares of Common Stock to be reserved for the purpose of conversion of
shares of Preferred Stock require registration or listing with, or approval of, any governmental
authority, stock exchange or other regulatory body under any federal or state law or regulation or
otherwisc, before such shares may be validly issued or delivered upon conversion, the
Corporation will in good faith and as expeditiously as possible endeavor to secure such
registration, listing or approval, as the case may he.

(h) All shares of Common Stock that may be issued upon conversion of the shares of
Preferred Stock will upon issuance hy the Corporation be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof,

4. Adjustment of Conversion Price

The Conversion Price from time to time in effect will be subject to adjustment from time
to time as follows.

(a) Stock Splits, Dividends and Combinations. In case the Corporation will at any
time subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock or will issue a dividend in Common
Stock on its outstanding Common Stock, the Conversion Price for each series of Preferred Stock
in effect immediately prior to such subdivision or the issuance of such dividend will be
proportionately decreased, and in case the Corporation will at any time combine the outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a Jesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price
for each series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such combination will be

proportionately increased, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, dividend or
combination, as the case may be.

(b) Noncash Dividends, Stock Purchase Rights, Capital Recorganizations and
Dissolutions. In case:

(i) the Corporation will take a record of the holders of its Common Stock for
the purpose of entitling them to reccive a dividend or any other distribution, payable otherwise
than in cash; or

{ii) the Corporation will take a record of the holders of its Common Stock for

the purposc of entitling them to subscribe for or purchase any shares of stock of any class or to
receive any other rights; or

(iii) of any capital reorganization of the Corporation, reclassification of the
Capital Stock of the Corporation (other than a subdivision or combination of its outstanding
shares of Common Stock), consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another
Corporation that is not a Liquidating Event or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation to another Corporation that is not a Liquidating Event;

then, and in any such case, the Corporation will cause to be mailed to the transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock and to the holders of record of the outstanding Preferred Stock, at least 10 days
prior to the date hereinafter spccificd, a notice stating the date on which (i) a record is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or rights or (ii) such reclassification,

17211 7-419088 v5

reorganization, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is to
take place and the date, if any is to be fixed, as of which holders of Common Stock of record will
be entitled to exchange their sharcs of Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution,
liquidation or winding up.

6. Mandatory Conversion

(a) Each share of Scries | Preferred Stock will automatically be converted into shares
of Common Stock at the then-applicable Conversion Price upon the occurrence of (1) a closing
of an underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock of the
Corporation to the public and raising net proceeds of $30.000,000 or more at a price per share in
such offer and sale of not less than $4.00 (a “Qualified Public Offering”), or (2) the affirmative
vote of the holdcrs of at Icast 66.67% of the Scrics | Preferred Stock voting together as a single
class. All holders of record of shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock will be given at least 20 days
prior written notice of the date fixed for mandatory conversion of the Series | Preferred Stock
and the event causing the mandatory conversion of the Series 1 Preferred Stock into Common
Stock. Such notice will be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each holder of record of
Series | Preferred Stock at such holder’s address as shown in the records of the Corporation. On
or before the date so fixed for conversion, each holder of shares of the Series | Preferred Stock will
surrender the certificate or certificates for all such shares to the Corporation at the place designated
in such notice and will thereafter receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to
which such holder is entitled. The mechanics for conversion and other provisions relating to
conversion of Series | Preferred Stock into Common Stock set forth elsewhere in this Certificate of
Incorporation will apply to the mandatory conversion of the Series | Preferred Stock.

(b) Ifa holder of Series 1 Preferred Stock fails to purchase the shares of Scries |
Preferred Stock as agreed by such holder pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Series 1
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated on or about the date hereof (the “New Series |
Securities”) on the terms and conditions (and at such time(s) as) provided in such Series |
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (a ‘““Non-participating Scrics 1 Holder”), then (i) all Scrics 1
Preferred Stock then owned by such Non-participating Series | Holder (and any right to any
dividend, payment or other distribution thereon) will, without any further action by the
Corporation or the holder, automatically convert into Common Stock of the Corporation at the
then-effective Series 1 Conversion Rate, subject to and concurrently with the closing of the sale
of the New Senes | Securities in which the Non-participating Series 1 Holder failed to
participate as provided above.

7. Issuances at Less Than the Conversion Price.
(a) Upon the issuance or sale by the Corporation of:

(1) Common Stock for a consideration per share less than the Series |
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the time of such issue or sale; or

V7211 PAIK 5

1g

(ii) any Stock Purchase Rights where the consideration per share for which
shares of Common Stock may at any time thereafter be issuable upon exercise thereof (or, in the
case of Stock Purchase Rights exercisable for the purchase of Convertible Securities, upon the
subsequent conversion or exchange of such Convertihle Securities) will be less thau the Series 1
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the time of the issue or sale of such Stock
Purchase Rights; or

(iii) any Convertible Securities where the consideration per share for which
shares of Common Stock may at any time thereafter be issuable pursuant to the terms of such
Convertible Securities will be less than the Series 1 Conversion Price in effect immediately pnor
to the time of the issue or sale of such Convertible Securities;

other than an issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Section 5(a) or Section 6(d) hereof (any
such issuance will be referred to hereinafter as a ‘“‘Dilutive Issuance’’), then forthwith upon such
issue or sale, as applicable, the Series | Conversion Price will be reduced to a price (calculated to
the nearest cent) determined by the following fonnula:

N+C
i *
CP =CP NTAS

where:
CP' = the Series | Conversion Price as so adjusted:
CP = the former Series | Conversion Price:

N= the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately pnor to
such issuance (or deemed issuance) assuming exercise or conversion of ail
outstanding securities exercisable for or convertible into Common Stock,
whether or not then exercisable or convertible;

C = the number of shares of Common Stock that the aggregate consideration
received or deemed to be received by the Corporation for the total number
of additional securities so issued or deemed to be issued would purchase if
the purchase price per share were equal to the then-existing Conversion
Price;

AS = the number of shares of Common Stock so issued or deemed to be issued.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Series | Conversion Price will be reduced at such time if such
reduction would be an amount less than $0.001, but any such amount will be carried forward and
deduction with respect thereto made at the time of and together with any subsequent reduction

that, together with such amount and any other amount or amounts so carried forward, will
aggregate $0.00! or more.

PT21L FALVOSS VS

(b) For purposes of this Scction 7, the following provisions will be applicable:

(i) “Convertible Securities” will mean evidences of indebtedness, shares of
stock (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock) or other securitics that are convertible
into or exchangeable for, with or without payment of additional considcration, shares of
Common Stock.

(ii) = “Stock Purchase Rights” will mean any warrants, options or other rights to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of Common Stock or any Convertible
Securities.

(iii) Convertible Sccurities and Stock Purchase Rights will be deemed
outstanding and issued or sold at the lime of such issue or sale.

(iv) Determination of Consideration. The “consideration actually received” by
the Corporation for the issuance, sale, grant or assumption of shares of Common Stock, Stock
Purchase Rights or Convertible Securities, irrespective of the accounting treatment of such
consideration, will be valued as follows:

(A) Cash Payment. In the case of cash, the net amount received
by the Cosporation after deduction of any accrued interest or dividends and before
deducting any expenses paid or incurred and any underwriting commissions or
concessions paid or allowed by the Corporation in connection with such issue or
sale;

(B)  Noncash Payment. In the case of consideration other than
cash, the value of such consideration, including the value of any loan made in
connection with the issuance of Stock Purchase Rights or Convertible Securities,
which will not include the value of any Convertible Securities of the Corporation
being converted or exchanged, as determined by the Board of Directors in good
faith, after deducting any accrued interest or dividends; and

(C) Stock Purchase Rights and Convertible Sccurities. The
total consideration, if any, received by the Corporation as consideration for the
issuance of the Stock Purchase Rights or the Convertible Securities, as the case
may be, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any,
payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Stock Purchase Rights or
upon the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, as the case may
be, in each case after deducting any accrued interest or dividends.

(D) | Where as part of the same transaction or series of related
transactions occurring within a sixty (60) day period more than one type of
Convertible Securities and/or Stock Purchase Rights or both Convertible
Secunties and Stock Purchase Rights are issucd, the determination as to whether a
Dilutive Issuance has occurred will be made on an aggreyate basis, taking into
account all Convertible Securities and all Stock Purchase Rights whose

T2211 7419088 v5

conversion or exercise are conditioned on the conversion or exercise of the other
Convertible Securities and Stock Purchase Rights.

(c) Readjustment_of Conversion Price. In the event of any change in (1) the
consideration, if any, payable upon exercise of any Stock Purchase Rights or upon the conversion
or exchange of any Convertible Sccurities (including additional consideration paid to extend the
term or to change another provision of the Stock Purchase Rights or Convertible Securities or
required as a condition of exercise or conversion) or (ij) the rate at which any Convertible
Securities are convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock, the Series 1
Conversion Pnce as computed upon the original issue thereof will forthwith be readjusted to the
Series 1 Conversion Price that would have been in effect at such time had such Stock Purchase
Rights or Convertible Sccuritics provided for such changed purchase price, consideration or
conversion rate, as the casc may be, at the time initially grantcd, issucd or sold. On the
expiration of any Stock Purchase Rights not exercised or of any right to convert or exchange
under any Convertible Securities not exercised, the Series 1 Conversion Price then in effect will
forthwith be increased to the Scries | Conversion Price that would have been in cffect at the time
of such expiration had such Stock Purchase Rights or Convertible Securities never been issued.
No readjustment of the Series 1 Conversion Price pursuant to this Subsection 7(c) will
(i) increase the applicable Serics | Conversion Price by an amount in excess of the adjustment
originally made to the Series | Conversion Price in respect of the issue, sale or grant of the
applicable Stock Purchase Rights or Convertible Securities or (ii) require any adjustment to the
amount paid or number of shares of Common Stock received by any holder of Series 1 Preferred
Stock upon any conversion of any share of Series 1 Preferred Stock prior to the date upon which
such readjustment to the Series | Conversion Price will occur.

(d) Exclusions. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Corporation will
nol be required to make any adjustment of the Series | Conversion Price in the case of (i) the
issuance or sale of Common Stock or of options (or restricted stock awards), or the shares of
stock issuable upon exercise of such options, to purchase up to 1,220,198 shares, subject to
adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like, to directors, officers,
cmployces or consultants of the Corporation pursuant to stock options or stock purchase plans or
agreements, whether “qualified” for tax purposes or nol. pursuant to plans or arrangements
approved by the Board of Directors, (ii) the issuance or sale of Common Stock pursuant to a
Qualified Public Offering, (iti) the issuance or sale of Common Stock or the sale of warrants to
purchase shares of Common Stock (or shares of Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of such
warrants) to the Corporation's strategic partners or in connection with other strategic transactions
in an amount not to cxcecd five percent (5%) of the Corporation’s Common Stock, as calculated
on a fully diluted basis, if such issuance and sale is approved by the Corporation’s Board of
Directors, (iv) the issuance or sale of warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (or shares of
Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of such warrants) to the Corporation’s lenders and/or
equipment lessors in an amount not to exceed one percent (1%) of the Corporation’s Common
Stock, as calculated on a fully diluted basis. if such issuance and sale is approved by the
Corporation's Board of Directors, (v) the issuance of Common Stock upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock, or (vi) the issuance of any shares of capital stock upon the conversion or
exercise of Stock Purchase Rights or Convertible Securities, the issuance of which was subject to
the provisions of Section B.7(a) or was excluded therefrom pursuant to this Section B.7(d);

$7211 2-4)90H8 vS

provided, however, that the holders of a majority of the shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock may
waive on behalf of all holders of Series | Preferred Stock any adjustments otherwise applicable
pursuant to this Scction 7. The issuances or sales described in the preceding clauses (i), (ii) (11),
(iv). (v). and (vi) will be ignored for purposes of calculating any adjustment to any Conversion
Price.

{c) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of cach adjustment or readjustment
of the applicable Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 7, the Corporation at its expense wil]
proniptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms thereof, and
prepare and furnish to each holder of Series | Preferred Stock affected thereby a certificate
setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation will, upon the written notice at any time of
any holder of Series 1 Preferred Stock furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment or readjustment, (ii) the applicable Conversion Price
al the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of
other property that at the time would be received upon the conversion of such holder's shares.

8. Redemption.

(a) The holders of 66.67% of the then outstanding shares of Series } Preferred Stock
will have the right and option to require the Corporation to redeem the Series | Preferred Stock
by delivering to the Corporation, during the 180 day period immediately preceding the fifth
anniversary of the original issuance of shares of Series | Preferred Stock, written notice (the
“Serics_| Redemption Notice”) of their election to have the Corporation redeem the Series |
Preferred Stock. Upon receipt of a Serics 1 Redemption Notice, the Corporation wil) redeem,
from any source of funds legally available therefor, the Series | Preferred Stock in three (3) equal
annual installments beginning on the date that is 180 days after receipt by the Corporation of the
Series | Redemption Notice and continuing thereafter on the first and second anniversary of such
initial redemption date (each, a “Redemption Date”) whereupon all of the Series 1 Preferred
Stock will have been redeemed. The Corporation will effect such redemption by paying a cash
redemption price per share of Scries 1 Preferred Stock (the “Series 1 Redemption Pricc’’) cqual to
the greater of (i) (A) the Series | Onginal Price plus (B) all accrued or declared but unpaid
dividends on such shares through the applicable Redemption Date, or (ii) the fair market value of
a share of Series 1 Preferred Stock as of the last day of the month in which the Series |
Redemption Notice is delivered to the Corporation. The number of shares of Series | Preferred
Stock that the Corporation will redeem on each Redemption Date will be equal to the quotient of
(i) the aggregate number of shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to
such Redemption Date, by (B)} the number of Redemption Dates (including the Redemption Date
to which this calculation applies). Any redemption effected pursuant to this Section 8 will be
made pro rata among the holders of the Series | Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of
shares of Series | Preferred Stock then held by them. Upon its receipt of a Series 1 Redemption
Notice, the Corporation will promptly forward to each holder of Series | Preferred Stack that did
not execule such Series | Redemption Notice a copy of such Series | Redemption Notice
together with a copy of this Section 8.

(b) At least fifteen (15) but no more than thirty (30) days prior to each Redemption

17211. 7-419985 v5

Dale, written notice will be delivered, by U.S. mail, lirst class postage prepaid, or by nationally
recognized overnight courier, to cach holder of record (at the close of business on the business
day next preceding the day on which notice is given) of the Series | Preferred Stock to be
redcemed, at the address last shown on the records of the Corporation for such holder, notifying
such holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying the number of shares to be redeemed
from such holder, the Redemption Date, the place at which payment may be obtaincd and calling
upon such holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, his
or her certificales representing the shares to be redeemed (the ‘‘Payment Notice’). Except as
provided in Section 8(c) below, on or before ezch Redemption Date, cach holder of Series ]
Preferred Stock will surrender to the Corporation the ccrtificate or certificates representing such
shares, in the manner and at the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon the
Scries 1 Redemption Price of such shares will be payable to the order of the person whose name
appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate
will be canceled. In the event less than all the shares represented by any such certificate are
redeemed, a new certificate will be issued representing the unredeemed shates.

(c) From and after each Redemption Date. unless there will have been a default in the
payment of the Series 1 Redemption Price all rights of the holders of the shares of Series |
Preterred Stock designated for redemption in the Payment Notice as holders of Series 1 Preferred
Stock (except the right to receive the Scrics 1 Redemption Price, without interest upon surrender
of their certificate or certificates) will cease with respect tv such shares, and such shares wil] not
thereafter be transferred on the books of the Corporation or be deemed to be outstanding for any
purpose whuatsoever. Ifthe funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of shares of
Series 1 Preferred Stock on any Redemption Date are insutticient to redeem the total number of
shares of Series | Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date, those funds which are legally
available will be used as follows: first, to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares
ratably among the holders of shares of Scrics | Preferred Stock to be redeemed based on their
holdings of Scrics 1 Preferred Stock. The shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock not redeemed will
remain outstanding and be entitled to all the rights and preferences provided herein. At any time
thereaNer when additional funds of the Corporation are legally available for the redemption of
shares of Series | Preferred Stock such funds will immediately be used to redeem the balance of
the shares which the Corporation has become obliged to redeem but which it has not redeemed.

ARTICLE V
The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation will be
vested in its Board of Directors. Elections of directors may be, but will not be required to be, by
written ballot.

ARTICLE VI
The Board is authorized to adopt, amend and repeal all or any of the Bylaws of the

Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware as in effect from me to time or any successor statute.

V72U1. 7419088 v5 15

ARTICLE VII
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE VIII

No director of the corporation shall have personal liability arising out of an action
whether by or in the right of the corporation or otherwise for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit or eliminate the
liability of a director (a) for any breach of the ditector’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
stockholders, (b) for acts or omissions not in youd faith or which involve intentional misconduct
or a knowing violation of law, (c) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of
Delaware or any successor provision, (d) for any transaction from which such director derived an
improper personal benefit, or (e) acts or omissions occurring prior to the date of the effectiveness
of this provision.

Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing provision, in the event that the General
Corporation Law of Delaware is amended or enacted to permit further limitation or elimination
of the personal liability of the director, the personal liability of the corporation’s directors shall
be limited or eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law.

This provision shall not affect any provision permitted undcr the General Corporation
Law of Delaware in the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or contract or resolution of the
corporation indemnifying or agreeing to indemnify a director against personal liability. Any
repeal or modification of this provision shall not adversely affect any limitation hereunder on the
personal liability of the director with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal
or modification.

ARTICLE IX

‘The Corporation shall indemnity any and all of its directors or officers or former directors
or officers to the fullest extent from time to time permitted by law with respect to any matter
relating to his or her duty as an officer or director of the Corporation. Such indemnification shall
not be deemed exclusive or any other rights to which those indemnificd may be entitled, under
any law. bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders, or otherwise. Any repeal or modification of
this Article IX shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or former director

existing under this Article IX with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or
modification.

ARTICLE X

The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in this Certificate of Incorporation in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law,

and all rights and powers conferred herein on stockholders, directors and officers are subject to
this reserved power.

V72V1_ 7-35 8088 v5

16

ARTICLE X]

All provisions relating to any exchange, reclassification or cancellation of issued shares
are set forth in this Certificate of Incorporation.

ARTICLE XII

Auy shares of Preferred Stock redeemed. purchased or otherwise acquired by the
Corporation shall be deemed retired and shal] be cancelled and may not under any circumstances
thereafler be reissued or otherwisc disposed of by the Corporation.

ARTICLE XII

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
the number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Corporation may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by an
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation,
voting together as a single class.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand and seal this
October 31, 2005.

‘litle: Presitent

VF209. 7-41 ODRR vs

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 05:24 PM 11/22/2005
FILED 04:52 PM 11/22/2005
SRV 050953744 ~- 3845199 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF
AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF [INCORPORATION
OF
6TH SENSE SOFTWARE, INC.

Pursuant to Section 242 of the General Cosporation Law of the Stale of Delaware, 6th
Sense Software, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware, does hereby certify and set forth as follows:

!. The name of the corporation is 6th Sense Software, Inc. (the “Corporation”).

2. The Corporation’s original Certificate of Incorporation was filed on August 20,
2004, and subscquently amended on October 31, 2005S.

3. Resolutions were duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation
setting forth a proposed amendment to the Corporation’s Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the “Certificate of Amendment”), and declaring such Certificate of Amendment to
be advisable and in the best interests of the corporation and its stockholders.

4. Pursuant to the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, this
Certificate of Amendment was consented to in writing by the stockholders of the Corporation in
accordance with Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

5. The Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby
amended by amending and restating Article I thereof to read as follows:

“The name of the corporation is 6th Sense Analytics, Inc. (the “Corporation’).”

6. This Certificate of Amendment will be effective upon filing.

[remainder of this page intentionally left blank}

1720).1-423154 vi

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, 6th Sense Software, Inc. has used this Certificate of
Amendinent to be signed by its Chief Exccutive Officer this Ay. day of November 2005.

6TH SENSE SOFTWARE, INC.

Title: Chief Executive Officer

1723) 1423156 vi
