| A0b13313

, FILED :
intheofice tthe Secelay of Stale |
4) blot CS of tho State of Caifomia '
FEB 25 2008 |
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION :
OF
A10 NETWORKS, INC.

The undersigned, Lee Chen and Robert D. Cochran, hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the duly appointed and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
this corporation.

TWO: The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to
read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE I

The name of this corporation is A10 Networks, Inc.

ARTICLE I

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity. for which & a:
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other: than: the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession | 40.1
incorporated by the California Corporations Code. :

ARTICLE Ill

Common Stock authorized to be issued is one hundred:sé emt
having no par value. The number of shares of Preferred St
eight million eight hundred eighty-five thousand seven:

“Series A Preferred”), 26, 307, 646 shares ¢

“Series B Preferred”) and 49,153 S08 shares ) ns
“Series C Preferred”).

1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends, pari passu to each other, at a rate of $0.012 per share of Series A
Preferred per annum, $0.0204 per share of Series B Preferred per annum and $0.029784 per share of
Series C Preferred per annum (adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations),
each payable out of funds legally available therefor. Such dividends shail be payable only when, as
and if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be noncumulative. No dividends (other than
those payable solely in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the
holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the
corporation) shall be payable on any Common Stock of the corporation during any fiscal -year of the
corporation until dividends in the amount specified above per share (adjusted to reflect stock splits,
stock dividends and recapitalizations) on the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred. and Series C
Preferred shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year. No dividend shall be
paid on or declared and set apart for the shares of any series of Preferred Stock for any dividend
period unless at the same time a like proportionate dividend for the same dividend period, ratably i in ©
proportion to the respective annual dividend rates fixed therefor, shall be paid on or declared andset
apart for the shares of all other such series of Preferred Stock, After the holders of the Preferred _
Stock have received their dividend preference as set forth above, any dividends declared’ by the
Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor shall be shared equally : among all |
outstanding shares on an as-converted basis.

2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding. up of the
corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Preferred Stock shall.be extitled ‘to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of the assets or surplus funds of: ther oT pots 7
the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the amount nt 2 pr .

dividends on each share of Series A Preferred (the "Series A Liquidation Py Prefer
them, the amount of $0.34 per share (adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock

to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations), plus all: declan : re
on each share of Series C Preferred (the "Series C Liquidation hate the

(b)
paid in full, the remaining assets of the corporation: availible
distributed among the holders of Preferred Stool and! ea Es

(including amounts received pursuant to Section 2(a) above) equals fifty cents ($0.50) per share of
Series A Preferred, eighty-five cents ($0.85) per share of Series B Preferred or one dollar twenty-four
and 1/10 cents ($1.241) per share of Series C Preferred. Any holder of Preferred Stock electing to
convert Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock prior to the liquidation event shall not be
entitled to the liquidation preference described in Section 2(a) (with respect to such converted
Preferred Stock), but shall have only the full rights under this Section 2(b) of a holder of the
Common Stock issued upon such conversion.

(c) For purposes of this Section 2, any acquisition of the corporation by
means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization in which the outstanding shares of the -
corporation are exchanged for securities or other consideration issued, or caused to be issued, by the
acquiring corporation or its subsidiary (other than a reincorporation transaction) or a sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the corporation shall be treated.as a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the corporation and shall entitle the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock to
receive at the closing in cash, securities or other property amounts as specified i in Sections 2(a) and
2(b) above.

(d) Any securities to be delivered to the holders of the Preferred Stock.
and/or Common Stock pursuant to Section 2(c) above shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

(A) If traded on a securities exchange or the NASDAQ
National Market System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; =

(B) _Ifactively traded over-the-counter, the value shall’ be ac
deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day y period ending three 2G) daysprior. coe
to the closing; and So

(©) _ Hfthereisno active public raoein er shat oe

(ii) | The method of valuation of. securities’ sal ext to: itt
letter or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an approptiate: pirat
market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the appre:
thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors’ of the Or;

3. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock sal
as follows (the "Conversion Rights"):

(a) Right to Convert


(i) Each share of Series A Preferred shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the
corporation or any transfer agent for such Series A Preferred, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $0.20 for each share of Series
A Preferred by the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share. The initial Conversion Price
for shares of Series A Preferred shall be $0.20 per share (the “Series A Conversion Price”). Each
share of Series B Preferred shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after
the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the corporation or any transfer agent for such
Series B Preferred, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing $0.34 for each share of Series B Preferred by the Conversion Price at the.
time in effect for such share. The initial Conversion Price for shares of Series B Preferred: shal} be
$0.34 per share (the "Series B Conversion Price"). Each share of Series ‘C Preferred shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at
the office of the corporation or any transfer agent for such Series C Preferred, into such number of
fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $0.4964 for each
share of Series C Preferred by the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share. The initial
Conversion Price for shares of Series C Preferred shall be $0.4964 per share (the "Series C
Conversion Price"); provided, however, that such Series A Conversion Price, Series B Conversion
Price and Series C Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in subsection 3(c).

(ii) Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted
into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price upon the consumniation of the
corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a bona fide, firm commitment underwriting purguant'te a
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act’), Which
results in aggregate gross cash proceeds to the corporation in excess of $10,000,900: and: the public
offering price of which is not less than $5.00 per share (adjusted to reflect suit
dividends, stock splits or recapitalizations). In the event of the automatic corivetsion i
Stock upon a public offering as set forth above, the person(s) entitled to receive tie Cotimnn Sick
issuable upon such conversion of Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to havé converted: suse
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities. .

shall, as soon as os practicable thereafter, issue and. dat
Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holdét, &
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shalt Be
be deemed to have been made immediately. prio
surrender of the shares of Preferred Stovk to.b
receive the shares of Common Stock isstiable t

as the record holder or holders of dich shares 0

conversion will be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriter of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering, unless otherwise designated in writing by the holders of such Preferred -
Stock, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until
immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(c) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock. The Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) (A) Ifthe corporation, at any time or from time to time after
the date of the first issuance of shares of Series C Preferred (the "Purchase Date"), shall issue any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than
the Series C Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior to the issuance. of such
Additional Stock, then and in such event, the Series C Conversion Price shall be reduced
concurrently with such issuance (i) to a price equal to the Effective Price (as defined below) of such
Additional Stock if such issuance oz deemed issuance occurs during the Full Ratchet Protection -
Window (as that term is defined below), or (ii) if such issuance or deemed issuiticd occuts after
expiration of the Full Ratchet Protection Window, then toa price determined ay inidtiplying suck

shares of Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such i issuance pli
of Common Stock which the aggregate | consideration received by the ¢

denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Comimon Stock 6 1 sts
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the. |
outstanding immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of such

the Purchase Date and ending on the earlier of (i) August 1, 2(
day on which the Company first completes a sale or seti¢s of
the Purchase Date and inclusive of sales of Series secive Pee

or under subsection 3(c)(i)(C) or OND) i
Additional Stock. If the (dtd at aity tits

Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be.the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the shares
of Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of such shares of
Additional Stock so issued. For the purposes of this subsection, the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue shall be calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all
shares of Preferred Stock and all convertible securities had been fully converted into shares of
Common Stock immediately prior to such issuance and any outstanding warrants, options or other
rights for the purchase of shares of stock or convertible securities had been fully exercised
immediately prior to such issuance (and the resulting securities fully converted into shares of
Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such date, but not including in such calculation any
additional shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to shares of Preferred Stock, convertible
securities, or outstanding options, warrants or other rights for the purchase of shares of stock or
convertible securities, solely as a result of the adjustment of the Series A, Series B or Series C
Conversion Price, as the case may be, (or other conversion ratios) resulting from the issuance of the
Additional Stock causing the adjustment in question. Immediately after any Additional Stock is
deemed issued, such Additional Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(B) . No adjustment of the Conversion Price for the Preferred
Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share, provided that any adjustments which
are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either
taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to 3 years from the date of the event
giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of 3 years from the
date of the even giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward. Except to the limited extent
provided for in subsections (E)(3) and (E)(4), no adjustment of the Conversion Prite pursuant to this
subsection 3(c)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Convessi
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(C)  Inthecase of the issuance of Comnion Stock fii coil,
the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor -beftre deducting atry
reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation al :
any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and: sale thereat:

their terms ‘convertible into or exchangeable for On mH
subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable sepurities
of Additional Stock), the following provisions sal yy


Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued
and for a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in subsections
3(c)(i)(C) and 3(c)(i)(D)), if any, received by the corporation upon the issuance of such options or

. tights plus the minimum purchase price provided in such options or rights for the Comrnon Stock
covered thereby.

2. The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or
exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such
convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be
deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights were _
issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the corporation for any
such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash receivec >a account of accrued
interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional consideration, if any, to be received by the
corporation upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related options
or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in subsections
3(c)(i)(C) and 3(c)(i)(D)).

3. In the event of any change ini the. number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or any increase in the consideration payable to the Serpe
upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchatige for. sith convert

exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting fromi. the dhtidilution

provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock obtained with respect to the
adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options, rights or securities, and afty
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall be recomputed to reflect sith changs, but ‘i feethi:
adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance: of Common Stock or aity payaient. of si

securities.

rights, the termination of any such rights to convert or exchenge of the: expinition of.

rights related to such convertible or excharigeable securities, the Conversion P
Stock obtained with respect to the adjustthent which was made upon tie si
rights or securities or options or rights related to such sseattls: fe? Y

Agas
eer

expiration of any such options or sight the tert
the expiration of any options or rights related io

actual issuance of such stock shall not be an actual issuance or a deemed issuarce of the
corporation's Common Stock under the provisions of this Section 3; provided however, that in the
case of any options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock which expire by their terms
not more than 30 days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be
made until the expiration or exercise of all such options or rights, whereupon such adjust ment shall
be made in the same manner provided in subsection (E)(4) above.

a se I AD

(ii) "Additional Stock" shall mean any shares of Common Stock
issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to subsection 3(c)(i)(E)) by the corporation on or
after the Purchase Date other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable:

(A) pursuant to a transaction described in subsection
3(c)(iii) hereof,

(B) to employees, consultants or directors of this
corporation pursuant tu a stock option plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of
Directors of this corporation or a stock purchase agreement approved by the Board of Directors of
this corporation,

(C) to banks, equipment lessors or landlords, provided suet
issuances are for other than equity financing purposes, ,

(D) _ for which adjustment of the Conversion Price is made

pursuant to this Section 3,

€) upon conversion of the Prefered Stock,

@ (i) in abona fide, pivee inde
shares of Common Stock before or in connection with which res ;

approved by the Board of Directors.
ii) Inthe event the e
time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the,

outstanding shares of Common Stock or thé de
receive a dividend or other distribution payabl

conversion or exercise


distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the
aggregate shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common
Stock Equivalents.

(iv) Ifthe number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any
time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for the Preferred
Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in
outstanding shares.

(d) Other Distributions. In the event the corporation shall deciare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not refetted to in
subsection 3(c)(iii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this subsection 3(d), the Holders of the
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as the a they:
the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the corporation into: which their shates of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the detetininatiot: of the holders of.
Common Stock of the corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(ce)  Recapitalizations. If at arty time or from time to time there shall bea

recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or thetger’ rsaleof roe 7 :

assets transaction provided for elsewhere in Sections 2 or 3) provision shall: be ihade $6
holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon cbive raion OLih
Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of: et Or (pora

(f) No linpsitment The: spe
Articles of Incorporation or through: any: reurganizat
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue of sale 1
seek to avoid the observance Of per :


(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion shall be
rounded up to the nearest whole share. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such
conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock the
holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Comrnon Stock
issuable upon such aggregate conversion. In lieu of any fractional share to which any holder would
otherwise be entitled upon conversion of some or all of the Preferred Stock owned by such holder,
the corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair value thereof as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of any —

Conversion Price of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 3, the corporation, at its expense, shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare
and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based.
The corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish
or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and
readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon
the conversion of a share of Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date, In the event of any taking by the corporation
ofa record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of anther dette hold ersttwtvot

to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or ai
or property, or to receive any other right, the corporation shall mail to each holder of Preferted Stock
at least 20 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date oti: which wity ch
record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, ‘ae the arnott
character of such dividend, dist.ibution or right.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion.
at all times reserve and keep available out of i its authorized but uniasuct sie

given to the holders of shi
addressed to each holder of rest
be deemed given ten (10) days after di

(a) Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock ©
could then be converted (with any fractional share determined on an aggregate conversion basis
being rounded to the nearest whole share), and with respect to such vote, such holder shall have full
voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock
(except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law, voting together with holders of
Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common Stock have the right to
vote), and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any shareholders’
meeting in accordance with the by-laws of the corporation.

(b) The Board of Directors shall consist of five (5) directors. The holders
of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shiall be entitled to
elect two (2) directors. The holders of the Common Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) directors. The holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting
together on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect the remaining director.

(c) Inthe case of any vacancy in the office of a director oecurritig dong
the directors elected by the holders of Preferred Stock or the Common Stock pursuant to the second —
and third sentences of Section 4(b) above, the remaining directors may, by affirmative vote of a
majority thereof (or the remaining director if there is but one, or if there is no such director
remaining, by the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares entitled to elect such diteutdt, asthe
case may be, in accordance with California Corporations Code § 305) elect a successor of siddessors
to hold the office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place of places shalt te
vacant. Any director who shall have been elected pursuant to Section 4(b) above or aly director so .
elected as provided in this Section 4(c), may be removed during the aforesaid tent of offive, whether — <
with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares entitled to. elect sich, “
director pursuant to Section 4(b) above, as the case may be, in accordance With 3
Corporations Code § 303 and § 304.

5. Protective Provisions.

&)

_ So long as shares of Preferted a cal yur

the rights, » preferences or oriviewes ¢ of powers of bette re
Preferred Stock;

ih

(ii) authorize or issue any new class or series of stock having any
preference or priority as to dividends or assets superior to or on a parity with any such prefcrence or
priority of the Preferred Stock;

(iii) sell all or substantially all of its property or busines s or merge
into or consolidate with any other corporation (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation) or.
effect any other transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percernt (50%) of _
the voting power of the corporation is disposed of, provided that this Section 5(a)(iii) shall not apply
to a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the corporation; or

(iv) _ liquidate or dissolve the corporation.

6. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and shall not be
issuable by the corporation, and the Articles of Incorporation of the corporation shall be
appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the corporation’ s authorized capital
stock.

7. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with reputchases by the corporation of
its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof providing for such . -
repurchases in the event of the termination of the status of such holder as an employee, director or .
consultant to the corporation, each holder of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have conisstiter hat
purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law, to distribitintts : ai B=
by the corporation with respect to such repurchases. nae

C. Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of voli

corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as inay bed pac
Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the. ey
corporation, the assets of the corporation: shall bed
Article IIL. :

3.

4. Vv
right to one vote, atx shall be ent ws
be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) Limitation of Directors Liability. The liability of the directors of the corporation for
monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California. law.

(B) Indemnification of Corporate Agents. The corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) to the.
fullest extent permissible under California law.

(C) Repeal or Modification. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of )
this Article IV shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of this corporation
existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification. “

THREE: The foregoing amendment and restatement has been approved by thie Board of .
Directors of the corporation.

FOUR: The foregoing amendment and restatement was approved by the holders of the
requisite number of shares of the corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903: of the
California General Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled t0 vote with: ~~
respect to the foregoing amendment and restatement was 19,920,346 shares of Comihott Stock ant ere:
59,731,848 of Preferred Stock (which number includes 33,424,202 shares of Series A! ater
26,307,646 shares of Series B Preferred). The number of shates voting in favor: of
amendment and restatement equaled or exceed the vote required, such required vote beng:
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and a majority of the outstanding shares of: ~eherré
Stock, each voting as a separate class; and a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Prefer
voting as a separate class. oe

Ps

The undersigned declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California
that they have read the foregoing Certificate and that the matters set forth in the foregoing Certificate
are true and correct of their own knowledge. |

Executed at San Jose, California on Faky. l ___, 2008.

