ak

A0618795

FILED
in the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of Catifomia
2 lobo 7854
AMENDED AND RESTATED OCT 19 2004
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION Cann
KEVIN SHELLEY, Sec
or
RAKSHA NETWORKS, INC.

The undersigned, Lee Chen and Robert D. Cochran, hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the duly appointed and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
this corporation.

TWO: The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to
read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE I

The name of this corporation is Raksha Networks, Inc.

ARTICLE 0

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Curporations Code.

ARTICLE I

A. Authorized Stock. The corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respectively, "Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock". The number of shares of
Common Stock authorized to be issued is fifty million (50,000,000) shares, having no par value.
The number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized to be issued is eighteen million four hundred

-five thousand (18,485,000) shares, having no par value, all of which is designated as Senes A
Preferred Stock.

B. Preferred Stock. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and
imposed on the Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividend Provigions. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shali be
entitled to receive dividends at a rate of $0.012 per share per annum (adjusted to reflect stock splits,
stock dividends and recapitalizations), payable out of funds legally available therefor. Such
dividends shal] be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be

noncumulative. No dividends (other than those payable solely in Cammon Stock or other senrities
and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional
shares of Common Stock of the corporation) shall be payable on any Common Stock of the
corporation during any fiscal year of the corporation until dividends in thc amount of $0,012 per
share (adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations) on the Preferred Stock
shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year. No dividend shall be paid on or
declared and set apart for the shares of any series of Preferred Stock for any dividend period unless at
the same time a like proportionate dividend for the same dividend period, ratably in proportion to the
respective annual dividend rates fixed therefor, shall be paid on or declared and set apart for the
shares of all other such series of Preferred Stock. Afler the holdcts of the Preferred Stock have
received their dividend preference as set forth above, any dividends declared by the Board of
Dircctors out of finds legally available therefor shall be shared equally apnong al) outstanding shares
on an, as-converted basis. .

2. Liquidatio ce,

(a} In tho event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of the assets or surplus tunds of the corporation to
the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thercof, the amount of $0.20 per share
(adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends und recapitalizations), plus all declared but unpaid
dividends on each share of Preferred Stock (the “Liquidation Preference") then held by them. If,
upon the occurrence of such an cvont, the asscta and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Preferred Stock shail be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full Liquidation
Preference, then the entire assets and funds of the corparation lagally available far distribution shall
be distributed ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stook in proportion to the preferential
amount each such holder is entitled to receive.

(ob) After the distributions described in subsection (a) above have been
paid in full, the remaining assets of the corporation available for distribution to shareholders shall be
distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number
of shares of Common Stock held by cach (assuming conversion ofall such Preferred Stock), subject
to the limitation that any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate in the distribution
described in this Section 2(b) only until such time as the aggregate proceeds received by such holder
(including amounts received pursuant to Section 2(a) above) cquals fifty cents ($0.50) per share of
Series A Preferred. Any holder of Preferred Stork elesting ta canvert Preferred Stock into shares of
Common Stock prior to the liquidation event shal] not be entitled to the liquidation preference
described in Section 2(a) (with respect to such converted Preferred Stock), but shall have only the
full rights under this Section 2(6) of a holder of the Common Stock issued upon such conversion.

(c) For purposes of this Section 2, any acquisition of the corporation by
means of merger or other form of corporate reorganizution in which the outstanding shares of the
corporation are exchanged for sccurities or other consideration issued, or caused to be issued, by the
acquiring corporation or its subsidiary (other than a reincorporation transaction) or a sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the corporation shall be treated as a liquidation, disgolution or

2

winding up of the corporation and shall entitle the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock to
receive at the closing in cash, securities or other property amounts as specified in Sections 2(a) and
2(b) above.

(d) Any securities to be delivered to the holders of the Preferred Stock
and/or Common Stock pursuant to Section 2(c} above shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securtties not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions ov free marketability:

(A) _ If traded on a sccuritics exchange or the NASDAQ
National Market System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of tha closing prices of the
securitics on such exchange over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(B) = If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shal] be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior
to the closing; and

(C)  Ifthereis no active public market, the value shall be the
fair market value thercof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

(ii) | The method of valuation of securities subject to investment
letter or other restrictions on free markctability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair market value
thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation

3, Conversion, The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights
as follows (the "Conversion Rights"):

(a) Right to Convert.

(i) Each shares of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option
of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the
corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stook as is detenmimed by dividing $0.20 for each share of
Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share. The initial Conversion
Price for shares of Preferred Stock shall be $0.20 per share (the "Conversion Price"); provided,
however, that such Conversion Price shall] be subject to adjustment as set forth in subsection 3(c).

(ii) Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price upon the con-
summation of the corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a bona fide, firm commitment
underwriting pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act"), which results in aggregate gross cash proceeds to the corporation in excess
of $10,000,000 and the public offering price of which Is not less than $5.00 per share (adjusted to

3

reflect subsequent stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalizations). In the event of the antomatic
conversion of the Preferred Stock upon a public offering as set forth above, the person(s) entitled
to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of Preferred Stock shall not be
deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale:
of securities,

Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he shall surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the corporation or of any transfer agent for such
stock, and shall give written notice by mail, postage prepaid, to tbe corporation at ils principal
corporate office, of the election to convert the samc and shall state therein the name or names in
which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The corporation
shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred
Stock, or to the nominee or naminess of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall
be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of busimess on the date of such
surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes
as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. Ifthe conversion is
in connection with an underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act, the
conversion will be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriter of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering, unless otherwise designated in writing by the holders of such Preferred
Stock, in which event ihe person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until
inamediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(c) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock. The Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) (A) Ifthe corporation, at any time or from time to time after
the date of the first issuance of shares of Preferred Stock (the "Purchase Date"), shall issue any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than
the Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior to the issuance of such
Additional Stuck, then and ia such event, the Conversion Price shall be reduced concurrently with
such issuance, to a price determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the
numicrator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and the number of
sharcs of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of shares of Conmnon Stock which the aggregate
consideration received by the corporation for the total number of shares of Additional Stock so
issued would purchase at such Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance plus
the number of such shares of Additional Stock so issued. for the purposes of this subsection, the
nunober of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue shal] be calculated
ona fully dilulcd basis, as iall shares of Preferred Stock and all convertible sccuritics had becn fully

4

convested into shares af Common Stock immediately prior to such issuance and any outstanding
watrants, options or other rights for the purchase of shares of stock or convertible securities had been
fully exercised immediately prior to such issuance (and the resulting securities fully converted into
shares of Common Stock, ifso convertible) as of such date, but not including in such calculation any
additional shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to shares of Preferred Stock, convertible
securities, or outstanding options, warrants or othet nghts for the purchase of shares of stock or
convertible securities, solely as a rcsult of the adjustment of the Conversion Price (or other
conversion ratios) resulting from the issuance of the Additional Stock causing the adjustment in
question. Immediately after any Additional Stock is deemed issued, such Additional Stock shall be
deemed to be outstanding.

(B) = Noadjustment of the Conversion Price for the Preferred
Stock sball be made in an amount less than one cent per share, provided that any adjustments which
are not required to he made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either
taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to 3 years from the date of the event
giving rise to the adjustment being carricd forward, or shall be made at the end of 3 years from the
date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward. Except to the limited extent
provided for in subsections (E)(3) and (E)(4), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this
subsection 3(c¢}(i) shall have the cffect of mcreasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion
Price in effect upmediately prior to such adjustment.

(C) Inthe case of the issuance of Common Stock forcash,
the considcration shail be deomed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the corporation for
any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(@) Inthe case of the issuance of the Common Stock fora
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed
to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any accounting
treatment.

(EB) in the case of the issuance, whether before, on or uflcer
the Purchase Datc, of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock, securitics by
their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for such convertible or exchaugeable securities (which are not excluded from the definition
of Additional Stock), the following provisions shall apply:

I. The aggregate maximum number of sharcs of
Common. Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued
and for a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in subsections
3(¢)(i)(C) and 3(c)(i)(D)), if any, received by the corporation upon the issuance of such options or
rights plus the minimum purchasc price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock
covered thereby.


2. The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or
exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such
convertible or exchangeable securities and subscquent conversion or exchange thereof shall be
dccmed to have been issued at the time such sccurities were issued or such options or rights were
issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the corporation for any
such securitics and related options or rights (excluding any cash reccived on account of accrued
interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional consideration, if any, to be received by the
corporation upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related options
or rights (the consideration in each cuse ty be determined in the manner provided in subsections

3(c)(i)(C) and 3(c)(i)(D)).

3. Tn the cvent of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or any increase in the consideration payable to the corporation
upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or
exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution
ptovisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock obtaincd with respect to the
adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options, rights or securities, and any
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall be recomputed (o reflect such change, but no further
adjustment shall be roade for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such
consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rivhls or che conversion or exchange of such
securities.

4. Upon the expiration of any such options or
tights, the termination of any such rights to cnnvert ar exchange or the expiration of any options or
rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock obtained with respect to the adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options,
tights or securities or options or rights related to such securities, and any subsequent adjustments
based thereon, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common
Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of
such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such securities. Upon the
expiration of any such options or rights, the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or
the expiration of any options or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, only the
number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the cxorciso of such options or rights, upon
the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to
such securities shall continue to be deemed to be issued.

5, All Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to
this subsection 3(c)(i)(E) shall be considered issued only at the time ofits deemed issuance and any
actual issuance of such stock shall mot be an actual] issuance or a deemed issuance of the
corporation's Common Stock under the provisions of this Section 3; provided however, that in the
case of any options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock which expire by their terms
not more than 30 days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustment of the Canversion Price shall be
made until the expiration or exercisc of all such options or rights, whereupon such adjustment shall
be made in the sarac manner provided in subsection (E)(4) above.

6

(ii) "Additional Stock" shall mean any shares of Common Stock
issued (or deemed to have been issucd pursuant to subsection 3(c)(i)(E)) by the corporation on or
after the Purchase Date other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable:

(A) pursuant to a transaction described in subsection
3(c)(iii) hereof,

(B) to employees, consultants or directors of this
corporation pursuant to a slock option pluu or restricted stuck plan approved by the Board of
Directors of this corporation or a stock purchase agreement approved hy the Board of Directors of
this corporation,

(C) — tobanks, equipment lessors or landlords, provided such
issuances are for other than equity financing purposes,

@) for which adjustment of the Conversion Price is made
pursuant to this Section 3,

(E) —_— upon conversion of the Preferred Stock,

@) = (i) inabona fide, firmly underwritten public offering of
shares of Common Stock before or in connection with which all outstanding sharcs of Preferred
Stock are converted to Common Stock, or (ii) upon exercise of warrants or rights granted to
underwriters in connection with such a public offering, which warrants or righ!s are, nnanimoaly
approved by the Board of Directors, or

(G) upon conversion of bridge loans outstanding prior to the
Purchase Date.

(iii) In the event the corporation should at any time or from time to
time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to
receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional sharcs of Common Stock or other
secutities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly,
additional sheres of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock Equivalents")
without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or
the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record datc (or the date of such dividend
distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of sbares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the
apgregate shares Of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common
Stock Equivalents.


(iv) If the numher of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any
time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for the Preferred
Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of such scries shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in
outstanding sheres.

(4) Other Distributions. In the event the corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issucd by the
curpunalion or otber persons, asscts (excluding cash dividends) or options or nights not referred to in
subsection 3(c)(iii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this subsection 3(d), the holders of the
Preforred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were
the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the corporation into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

{e)  Recapitalizations. Ifat any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Conmmon Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of
assets transaction provided for elsewhere m Sections 2 or 3) provision shall be made so that the
holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock the number of shares of stock or vther seculivies ur pruperty of the corporativn ut otlier wise, to
which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
recapitalization. In any such caso, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section 3 with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 3 (including adjustment of the
Conversion Price then in effect and the number of sharcs purchasabic upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock) shal be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(f No Impairment. The corporation will not, by amcndment of its
Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuc or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or
seck to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be ubserved or performed
hereunder by the corporation, but will at al] times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

(g) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock, aud the number of sharcs of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion shall be
rounded up to the nearest whole share. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such
conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock the
holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such aggregate conversion. In lieu of any fractional share to which any holder would
otherwise bc entitled upon conversion of some or all of the Preferred Stock owned by such holder,

8

the corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction raultiplied by the fuir value thereof as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of cach adjustment or readjustment of any
Conversion Price of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 3, the corporation, al its expense, shall
promptly compute such adjustment or rcadjustment in accordance with the terms hcreof and prepare
and fummish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment 1s based.
The corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish
or cause to be furnished to such holder a like cortificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and
readjustment, (B) the Conversion Price at the time in cffect, and (C) the number of sharcs of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon
the conversion of a share of Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the corporation
of arecord of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other thap a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right
to subscribe for, purchase or othcrwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other securities
or property, or to receive any other right, the corporation shall mail to each holder of Preferred Stock,
at least 20 days prior to the date specificd thercin, a notice specifying the date on which any such
recom is to be tuken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and
character of such dividend, distribution or right.

(i) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The corporation shall
at aj] times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock

solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock such number of
its shares of Common Stock as shall from timc to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to cffect thc conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the bolder of
such Preferred Stock, the corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be snfficient for such purposes.

G) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 3 to be
given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be sent by airmail, postage prepaid, and
addressed to each holder of record at his address appearing on the books of the corporation, and shall
be deemed given ten (10) days after deposit.

4. Voting Rights.

(a) Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock
could then be converted (with any fractional share determined on an aggregate conversion basis
being rounded to the nearest whole share), and with respect to such voto, such holder shall have full

9

voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders nf Common Stock
(except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by Jaw, voting togcther with bolders of
Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common Stock have the right to
vote), and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any shareholders’
meeting in accordance with the by-laws of the corporation.

(ob) The Board of Directors shall consist of three (3) directors. The holders
of Preferred Stock, voting together as a singic class, shall be entitled to elect onc (1) director. ‘rhe
holders of the Common Stock, voting together as a single class, shall bc entitled to elect two (2)
directors.

(c) In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring among
the directors, the remaining directors may, by affirmative vote of a majority thereof (or the remaining
director if there is but one, or if there is no such director reopaining, by the affirmative vate of the
holders of the shares entitled to elect such director, as the case may be, in accardance with California
Corporations Code § 305) elect a successor or successors to hold the office for the unexpired term of
the director or directors whose place or places shall be vacant. Any director who shall have been
elected pursuant to Section 4(b) above or any director so elected as provided in this Section 4(c),
may be removed during the aforesaid term of oltice, whether with or without cause, by the
affirmative vote of the holders of the shares entitled to clect such director pursuant to Section 4(b)
above, as the case may be, in accondauve with Californie Curporations Code § 303 and § 304,

3. Protective Provisions.

(a) So long aa shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the corporation
shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the
holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class:

(i) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, the
corporation's Articles of Incorporation if such action would materially and adversely alter or change
the rights, preferences or privileges or powers of, or the restrictions provided for the benefit of, the
Preferred Stock;

Gi) —_ authorize or issuo any new claas or scrics of stook having any
preference or priority as to dividends or assets superior to or on a parity with any such preference or
Priority of the Preferred Stock;

(iii) —_ sell all or substantially all of its property or business or merge
into or consolidate with any other corporation (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation) or
effect any other transaction or series of related transactions in which morc than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power of the corporation is disposed of, provided that this Section 5(a)(iii) shall not apply
to a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the corporation; or

(iv) _ liquidate or dissolve the corporation.

10

6. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 3 hereof, thc shares so converted shall be canceled and shall not be
issuable by the corporation, and the Articles of Incorporation of the corporation shall be
appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the corporation's authorized capital
stock.

7. Repurchase of Shares. Ln connection with repurchases by the corporation of
its Common Stock pursuant to its agrecments with certain of the holders thercof providing tor such
repurchases in the event of the termination of the status of such hoJder as an employce, director or
consultant to the corporation, each holder of Prefexied Stuck shall be deemed to have consented, for
purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law, to distributions made
by the corporation with respect to such repurchases.

C. Common Stock.
1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior riphts of holders of all classes of stock

at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of thc Common Stock shall be
entitled to reccive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the
corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from timc to time by the
Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
corporation, the assets of the corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section B.2. of this
Article DIL.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights, The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders meeting in accordance with the
Bylaws of the corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may
be provided by law.

ARTICLE Iv

The name and address in the State of California of this corporation's
initial agent for service of process is:

Robert D. Cochran
2105 Woodside Road
Woodside, CA 94062

ARTICLE V

11

(A) Limitation of Directors Liability. The liahility of the directors of the corporation for
monetary damages shall be climinatcd to the fullest extent permissible under Califomia law.

(B) Indemnification of Corporate Agents. The corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Scction 317 of the Califomia Corporations Code) to the
fullest extent permissible under Califomia law.

(C) Repeal or Modification. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of
this Article V shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of this corporation
existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or mudiGeutiun. .*

THREE: The foregoing amendment and restatement has been approved by the Board of
Directors of the corporation. °

FOUR: ‘The foregomg amendment and restatement was approved by the holders of the
requisite number of shares of the corporation in accordauce with Scctions 902 and 903 of the
California General Cosporation Law. The tutal nuinber of vulylunding shares entitled to vote with
respect to the foregoing amendment and restatement was !6,100,000 shares of Common Stock. The
number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment and restatement cqualed or exceed the
vote required, such required vote being a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

12

The undersigned declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California
that they have read the foregoing Certificate and that the matters set forth in the foregoing Certificate
are true and correct of their own knowledge.

Executed at San Jose, Califomiaon OUMBe7 12, 2004.

————_

