ie BR —

aioe hinted Foe

a OO © en eran) eemmege eee 6 oe mene ne

A0648094 4
FILED |

m the office of the Secretary of Stati

AooF rs Y of the State of California

AMENDED AND RESTA FED JUL 2 5 2006
:« KTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
~ ATO NETWORKS, LNC.

The undersigned, Lec Chen und Robert D. Cochran, hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the duty appointed aud acting President and Secretary, respectively. of
this corporation.

TWO: The Articles +f Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to
read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE I

The name of this corporation is Al Networks, Inc.

ARTICLE II ~ a

The , urpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
ccrporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
baking business. the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE Il

A. Authorized Stock. The corporaticn is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respectively, "Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock”. The number of shares of
Common Stock authorized to be issued is one hundred million (100,000,600) shares, having no par
value. The number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized to be issued is fifty-four million twelve
thousand four bundred thirty-seven (54,012,437) shares, having no par value, 33,424,202 shares of
“hich are designated as Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred”) and 20.588 ,23 5 shares of
which are designated us Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Preferred”).

B. Preferred Stock. The rights, preferences, privileges and restricuions granted te and
‘monsed on the Preferred Stock are as follows:

}, Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitied to receive dividends, pari passu to each other, af a rate of $0.0!2 per share of Senes A
*rcferred per annum and $0.0204 per share of Series B Preferred per annum (adjusted to retect stock

Ne

j
/

aon B_.

a

ee ee

sy

Best Copy Available

splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations). each payable out of funds legally available therefor.
Such dividends shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be
noncumulative. No dividends (other than those payable solely i1: Common Stock or other securities
and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive. directly or indirectly. additional
shares of Common Stock of the corporation) shall be payable on any Common Stock of the
corporation during any fiscal year of the corporation until dividends in the amount specified above
per share (adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations) on the Series A
Preferred and Series B Preferred shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year.
No dividend shall be paid on or declared and set apart for the shares of any series of Preferred Stock
for any dividend period unless at the same time a like proportionate dividend for the same dividend
period, ratably in proportion to the respective annual dividend rates fixed therefor, shall be paid on cr
declared and set apart for the shares of all other such series of Preferred Stock. After the holders of
the Preferred Stock have received their dividend preference as set forth above. any dividends
declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor shall be shared equally
among all outstanding shares on an as-converted basis.

2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the

. corporation, either voluntary or involuntary. the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to

receive, prior and in preference towury distribution of the assets or surplus funds of the corporation to
the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the ambunrof $0. 2G-per share‘
(adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations), plus all declared but unpaid
dividends on each share of Series A Preferred (the "Series A Liquidation Preference”) then held by
them, and the amount of $0.34 per share (adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and
recapitalizations), plus all declared but unpaid dividends on each share of Series B Preferred (the
“Series B Liquidation Preference") then held by them. If, upon the occurrence of such an event, the
assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to
permit the payment to such holders of the full Series A and Series B Liquidation Preference, then the
entire assets and funds of the corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratab!y
among the holders of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is
entitled to receive.

(b) After the distributions described in subsection (a) above have been
paid in full, the remaining assets of the corporation available for distribution to shareholders shall be
distributec among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number
of shares of Common Stock heid by each (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock), subject
to the limitation that any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate in the distribution
described in this Section 2(b) only until such time as the aggregate proceeds received by such holder
(including amounts received pursuant to Section 2(a) above) equals fifty cents ($0.50) per share of
Series A Preferred or eighty-five cents ($0.85) per share of Series B Preferred. Any holder of
Preferred Stock electing to convert Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock prior to the
liquidation event shall nct be entitled to the liquidation preference described in Suction 2(a) (with
respect to such converted Preferred Stack), but shall have only the full rights under this Section 2(h)
ofa holder of the Common Stock issued upon such conversion,

Castel adie th onan Seticaineedtd

Best Copy Available

(c) For purposes of this Section 2, any acquisition of the corporation by
means of merger or other form ot corporate reorganization in which the outstanding shares of the
corporation are exchanged for sccurities or other‘considcration issued, or caused to be issued, by the
acquiring Curporation or its subsidiary (other than a reincorporation transaction) or a sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the corporation shall be treai-J as a liquidation, dissoiution or
winding up of the corporation and shall entitie the holders of Prefe:zed Stock and Common Stock to
receive at the closing in cash, securities or other property amounts as specified in Sections 2(a) and
2(b) above.

fa) Any securities to be delivered to the holders of the Preferred Stock
and/or Common Stock pursuant to Section 2(c) above shall be valued as tol!ows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment ‘etter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

(A) _ If traded on a securities exchange or the NASDAQ
National Market System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing,

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be th2 average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior
to the closing; and

(C)  Ifthere is no active public market, the value shail be the
fair market valuc thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

(ii) | The method of valuation of securities subject to investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair market vaive
thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

3, Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion nghts
as follows (the "Conversion Rights"):

(a) Right to Convert.

(i) Each share of Series A Preferred shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the
corporation or any transfer agent for such Series A Preferred, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $0.20 for each share of Series
A Preferred by the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share. The initial Conversion Price
for shares of Series A Preferred shall be $0.20 per share (the “Serics A Conversion Price”). Each
share of Series B Preferred shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after
the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the corporation or any transfer agent for such

PRE Se meee eee

a eer

Series B Preferred, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as 1s
determined by dividing $0.34 for each share of Series B Preferred by the Conversion Price at the
time in effect for such share. The initial Conversion Price for shares of Series B Preferred shal] be
$0.34 per share (the "Series B Conversion Price"); provided, however, that such Series A Conversion
Price und Series B. Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in subsection 3(c).

(ii) Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price upon the con-
summation of the corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a bona fide, frm commitment
underwriting pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act"), which results in aggregate gross cash proceeds to the corporation in excess
of $10,000,000 and the public offering price cf which is not less than $5.00 per share (adjusted to
reflect subsequent stock dividends, stock splits or recapitaJizations). In the event of the automatic
conversion of the Preferred Stock upon a public offering as set forth above, the person(s) entitled
to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of Preferred Stock sha:’ .ot he
deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale
of securities.

(b) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shal]
be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he shal] surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, dulv endorsed, at the office of the corporation or of any transfer agent for such
stock, and shal! give written notice by mail, postage prepaid, td the cotporation at its principal
corporate office. of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or nvmes in
which the certificate or certificates for shares cf Common Stock are to be issued. The corporation
shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred
Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion sliall
be deemed to have been made immediatel:, prior to the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes
as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is
in connection with an underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act, the
conversion will be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriter of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering, unless otherwise designated in wnting by the holders of such Preferred
Stock, in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not he deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until
immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(c) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stuck. The Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from titre to time as follows:

(i) (A) Ifthe corporation, at any time or from time to time after
the date of the first issuance of shares of Series B Preferred (the "Purchase Date"), shali issue ans
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than
the Series A Conversion Prnce with respect to the Series A Preferred or the Series B Conversion

ee

Price with respect to the Series B Preferred. in effect on the date cf and iminediately prior to the
issuance of such Additional Stock, then and in such event, the Series A Conversion Price or the
Series B Conversion Price. as applicable, shall be reduced concurrently with such, issuance, to a price

* determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the

number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by
the corporation for the total number of shares of Additional Steck so issued would purchase at such
Conversion Price, ard the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the shares
of Preferred Siv.ck outstanding immediately prior to such issuance plus the number cf such shares of
Additional Stock so issued. For the purposes of this subsection, the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such :ssue shall be calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if al!
shares of Preferred Siock and all convertible securities had been fully converted into shares of
Common Stock immeviately prios to such issuance and any outstanding warrants, options or other
rights for the purchase ot shares uf stock or convertible securities had been fully exercised
immediately prior to such issuance (and the resulting securities fully converted into shares of
Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such date, but not including in such calculation any
additional shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to shares of Preferred Stock, convertible

. Securities? or outstanding options, warrants ox other rights for the purchase of shares of stock or

convertible securities, solely as a result of the adjustment of the Series A or’Series B Conversion
Price, as the case may be, (or other conversion ratios) resulting from the issuance of the Additional
Stock causing the adjustment in question. Immediately after any Additional Stock is deemed issued,
such Additional Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(B) No adjustment of the Conversion Price for the Preferred
Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share, provided that ar:y adjustments which
are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either
taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to 3 years from the date of the event
giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of 3 years trom the
date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward. Except to the limited extent
provided for in subsections (E)(3) and (EX4), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this
subsection 3(c){i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion
Price in effect iinmediately prio: .o such adjustment.

(C) Inthe case of the issuance of Common Siock for cash.
the consideration shal! be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
reasonable discounts, ccmmissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the corporation for
any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

(D) Inthe case of the issuance of the Common Stock fora
consideration in whole cr in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shal! be deemed
to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Dircctors irrespective of any accounting
treatment.

ha

(E) In the case of the issuance. whether berore¢. on or after
the Purchase Date. of options to purchase or nghts to subscribe for Common Stock, securities by
their terms convertible into or exchangeabie for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities (which are not excluded from the definition
of Additional Stock), the following provisions shall apply: _ .

1. The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverabie upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options cr nghts were issued
and for a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in subsections
3(ciMC) and 3(c)(i(D)). if any, received by the corporation upon the issuance of such options or
rights plus the minimum purcha::: price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock
covered thereby.

2. The aggregate maxiinum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or
exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such
convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shali be
deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights were
issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the corporation for any
such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued |
interest .or accrued. dividends); plus the additiénal consideration, if any; to be received by the
corporation upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any related options
or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in subsections

3(cMi4C) and 3(c)(iXD)).

3. In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or any increase in the consideration payable to the corporation
upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or
exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution
provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock obtained with respect to the
adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options, rights or securities. and any
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall be recomputed to reflect such change. but no further
adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such
consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such
securities.

4. Upon the expiration of any such options or
nghts, the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or
nights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities. the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock obtained with respect to the adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options.
rights or securities or options or rights related to such securities. and anv subsequent adjustments
based thereon, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the nuniber of shares of Common
Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights. upon the conversion or exchange af
such securitics or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such securities. Upon the

—

SE re -

a _

3(c){iil) hereof,

Best Copy Available

expiration of any such options or rights. the termination cf any such rghts to convert or exchange or
the expiration of any options or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, only the
number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such options or nights, upon
the conversionmor exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to |
such securities shall continue to be deemed to be issued.

5. All Common Stock deemed is. ued pursuant to
this subsection 3(c)(i)(E) shall be considered issued only at the time of its deemed issuance and any
actual issuance of such stock shal] not be an actual issuance or a deemed issuance of the
corporation's Common Stock under the provisions of this Section 3: provided however. that in tue
case of any options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock which expire by their terms
not more than 30 days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustment of the Conversion Price shal! be
made until the expiration or exercise of all such options or rights, whereupon such adjustment shall
be made in the same manner provided in subsection (E)(4) above.

(ii) "Additional Stock" shali mean any shares of Common Stock
issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to subsection 3(c)(i)(E)) by the corporation on or
after the Purchase Date other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable:

a ba ry a

. ‘A) * pursuantstoea transaction described in subsection

(B) to employees, consultants or directors of this
corporation pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of
Directors of this corporation or a stock purchase agreement approved by the Board of Directors of
this corporation,

(C) to banks. equipment lessors or landlords, provided such
issuances are for other than equity financing purposes.

(D) _ for which adjustment of the Conversion Price is made
pursuant to this Section 3,

(E) upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, or

(F) (i) inabona fide, firmly underwritten public offering of
shares of Common Stock before or in connection with which al! outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock are converted to Common Stock, or (ii) upon exercise of warrants or nghts granted to
underwriters in connection with such a public offering, which warrants or rights are unanimous!s
approved by the Board of Directors.

(iii) Inthe event the corporation should at any time or from time tc
tume after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled te
receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or othet

Best Copy Available

securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly,
additional shares of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as "Common Stock Equivalents")
without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or
the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion or exercise thereof}, then, as of such record date (or the date of such dividend
distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the
aggregate shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common
Stock Equivalents.

(iv) Ifthe number of shares of Common Stock outstanding a. any
time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outsianding shares of Coramon
Stock, then, following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for the Preferrad
Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Cominon Stock issuable on
corversion of each share of cuch series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in
outstanding shures.

(d) Other Distributions. In the event the corporaiion shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences cf indebtedness issued wv; the
corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not refe-ted to in
subsection 3(c){iii), then, in each such case for the purpose of ihis subsection 3(d), the holders of the
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were
the holders of the number of shares of Commun Stock of the corporation into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertit ie as of the record date fixed for the i termination of the holders of
Common Stock of the corporation entitled tc receive such distribution

(e)  Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall bea
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of
assets transaction provided for elsewhere in Sections 2 or 3) provision shall be made so that the
holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the corporauon or otherwise, to
which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section 3 with respect to the nights of the holders of the Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 3 (including adjustment of the
Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as mav be practicable.

(f) No Impairment The corporation will not. by amendment of its
Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution. issue or sale of securities or any c.ther voluntary action, avoid or
seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms te be observed or performed
hereunder by the corporation. but will at all times in good faith aszist in the carrying out of all the

provisions of this Section 3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

(g) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion shall be
rounded up to the nearest whole share. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such
conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock the
holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such aggregate conversicu. In lieu of any fractional share to which any holder would
otherwise be entitled upon conversicn of some or all of the Preferred Stock owned by such holder,
the corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair value thereof as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustrnent of any
Conversion Price of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 3, the corporation, at its expense, shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare
and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based.
The corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish

or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A)} such adjustnfent and. .

readjustrnent, (B) the Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon
the conver :‘on of a share of Pieferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Pate. In the event of any taking by the corporation
of arecord of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right
to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other secunties
or property, or to receive any other right, the corporation shall mail to each holder of Preferred Stock.
at least 20 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such
record is to be taken for the purpose cf such dividend, distribution or right, and the arnount and
character of such dividend, distribution or right.

(i) Re ion of Stock Issuadle Upon Conversion. The corporation shall
at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized out unissued shares of Common Stock
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock such number of
its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock: and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of .he Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shail be available to the holder of
such Preferred Stock, the corporation will take such corporate action as may. in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes.

Q

Q) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 3 to be
given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be sent by airmail. postage prepaid, and
addressed to each holder of record at his address appearing on the books of the corporation, and shall
be deemed giver ten (10) days after deposit.

4, Voting Rights.

(a) Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
iiamber of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock
could then be converted (with any fractional share determined on an aggregate conversion basis
being rounded to the nearest whole share), and with resvect to such vote, such halder shall have fuli
voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock
(except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law, voting together with holders of
Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which hoiders of Common Stock have the right to
vote), and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof to notice of any shareholders’
meeting in accordance with the by-laws of the corporation.

. - &) ‘The Board of Directors shall consist of five (5) directors. Tne holders
of Preferred Stock, voting together as a singlevlass on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to
elect two (2) directors. The holders of the Common Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) directors. The holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting
together on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect the remaining director.

(c) In the case of any vacancy in the office of a director occurring among
the directors elected by the holders of Preferred Stock or the Common Stock pursuant to the second
and third sentences of Section 4(b) above, the remaining directors may. by affirmative vote of a
majority thereof (or the remaining director if there is but one, or if there is no such director
remaining, by the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares entitled to elect such director, as the
case may be, in accordance with California Corporations Code § 305) elect a successor or successors
to hold the office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or places shall be
vacant. Any director who shall have been elected pursuant to Section 4(b) above or any director so
clected as provided in this Section 4(c), may be removed during the aforesaid term of office. whether
with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares entitled to elect such
director pursuant to Section 4(b) above, as the case may be, in accordance with California
Corporations Cade § 303 and § 304.

5. Protective Provisions.

(a) So long as shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the corporsuon
shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the

holders «fat least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class

19

Best Copy Available

(3) amend or repeal any orovision of, or add any provision to, the
corporation's Articles of Incorporation if such action would materially and adversely alter or change
the rights, preferences or “privileges oF powers of. or the restrictions provided for the benefit of, the
Preferred Stock;
(ii) | authorize or issue any new class or series of stock saving any
preierence or priority as to dividends or assets superior to or on a parity with any such preference or
priority of the Preferred Stock;

(iit) sell all or substantially ail of its property or business or merge
into or consolidate with any other corporation (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation) or
effect any othei transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power of the corporation is disposed of. provided that this Section 5(a)(iii) shall not apply
to a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the corporation; or

(iv) liquidate or dissolve the corporation.

6. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant t# Section 3 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and shall not be
issuable by the corporation, and the Articles of Incorporation of the corporation shall be
appropri ately amended -to effect the ‘correspondingseductiun i in-the corporation's authorized capitak
stock.

7. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with repurchases by the co: poration of
its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof providing for such
repurchases in the event of the termination of the status of such holder as an employee, director or
consultant to the corporation, each holder of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for
purposes of Sections 50? and 503 of the California General Corporation Law. to distributions made
by the corporation with respect to such repurchases.

Cc. Common Stock.

1. Dividend Rights. Subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the
corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
corporation, the assets of the corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section B.2. of this
Article Ill.

Redemption. The Common Stock ts not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders meeting in accordance with the

Ee :  e,

-

Se SR EE VM ee Le ae

Bylaws of the corporation and sha!] be entitled to vote upen such matters anc in such manner as may
be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) Limitation of Directors Liability. The lability of the directors of the corporaticn for
monetary uamages shail be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

(B) Indemnification of Corporate Agents. The corporation is authorized to provide
indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) tw the
fullest extent permissible under California law.

(C) Repeal or Modification. Any amendment, repeal or inodification of any provision of
this Article IV shall not adversely affect any riyht or protection of an agent of this corporation
existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification. ."

. . x * *
THREE: The foregoing amendment and restatemeni has been approved by the Board of
Directors of the corporation.
FOUR: The foregoing amendment and restatement was approved by the holders ot the

requisite number of shares of the corporation in accordance with Sections 402 and 903 of the
California General Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with
respect to the foregoing amendment and restatement was 18,587,000 shares of Common Stock and
33,424,202 shares of Series A Preferred. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing
amendment and restatement equaled or exceed the vote required, such required vote being a majority
of the outstanding shares of Commen Stock and a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A
Preterred, each voting as a sepaiate ciass.

The undersigned declare under peuclty of pequry under the laws of the State of
Calitomia ub at they have read the foregoing Certificate and that the matters sct forth in the

foregoing Certificate are truc and correct of their own knowledge.

Executed at San Jose, California on af V4 ; __. ia 2006.

~e
nn an en en ee em ee eee

e Chen, Vapi

_Lf, (iy EH a

. Cochran, Scns etary


| —— ng650252 es
ZZ Z @ 7 6S 7 office i hessoeny 0
of the State of Californie
stCP 14 2005
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
Al0 NETWORKS, INC.

Lee Chen and Robert D. Cochran hereby certify that:

1. They are the President and Secretary, respectively, of AlG NETWORKS, INC., a Califomia
corporation (the "Company").

2. Article I, paragraph A. of the Articles of Incorporation of the Company is hereby
amended to read in its entirety as follows:

“A. Authorized Stock. The corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, “Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock”. The number of shares
of Common Stock authorized to be issued is one hundred million (100,000,000) shares, having
no par value. The number of shares of Preferred Stuck authorized to be issued is fifty-nine
million eight hundred ninety-four thousand seven hundred ninety (59,894,790) shares, having
no par value, 33,424,202 shares of which are designated as Series A Preferred Stock (the
“Series A Preferred”) and 26,470,588 shares of which are designated as Series B Preferred
Stock (the “Series B Preferred”).”

3. The foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by the
Board of Directors of this corporation.

4. The foregoing amendment and restatement was approved by the holders of the requisite
number of shares of the corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California
General Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vove with respect to the
foregoing amendment and restatement was 18,562,000 shares of Common Stock and 54,012,437
shares of Preferred Stock (which number includes 33,424,202 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
20,588,235 shares of Series B Preferred Stock). The number of shares voting in favor of the
foregoing amendment and restatement equaled or exceed the vote required, such required vote being a
majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and 4 majority of the outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, each voting as a separate class; and a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate Class.

A

The widersigned declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of
Califormia that they have read the foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation and that the
matters set forth in the foregoing amendment cf the Articles of Incorporation are true and correct of

their own knowledge.

Executed at San Jose, California on DEPT. \4— , 200A.

~~, =»

C\DOCUMENTS AND SETTINGS\LEE\LOCAL SETTINOS\TEMPORARY JNTERNET FILES\OLK47:SHR CONS B2.D0C
