2UU T9541 FILED {{~

in the office of the Secretary of State

AMENDED AND RESTATED of the State of California
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF MAR 30 2009
A10 NETWORKS, INC.

The undersigned. Lee Chen and Robert D. Cochran, hereby certify that:

ONE: They are the duly appointed and acting President and Secretary, respectively, of
this corporation.

TWO: The Articles of Incorporation of this corporation shall be amended and restated to
read in full as follows:

“ARTICLE I

The name of this corporation is A10 Networks, Inc.

ARTICLE II

The purpose of this corporation 1s to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

ARTICLE IH

A. Authorized Stock. The corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respectively, "Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock". The number of shares of
Common Stock authorized to be issued is one hundred seventy-five million (175,000,000) shares,
having no par value. The number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized to be issued is one hundred
fourteen million six hundred forty-seven thousand two hundred thirty-nine (114,647,239) shares,
having no par value, 33,424,202 shares of which are designated as Series A Preferred Stock (the
“Series A Preferred”), 26,307,646 shares of which are designated as Series B Preferred Stock (the
“Series B Preferred”) and 54,915,391 shares of which are designated as Series C Preferred Stock (the
“Series C Preferred”).

B. Preferred Stock. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and
imposed on the Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividend Provisions. The holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends, pari passu to each other, at a rate of $0.012 per share of Series A
Preferred per annum, $0.0204 per share of Series B Preferred per annum anc $0.029784 per share of
Series C Preferred per annum (adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations),
cach payable out of funds legally available therefor. Such dividends shal! be payable only when, as
and if declared by the Board of Directors and shall be noncumulative. No dividends (other than
those payable solely in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the
holder thereof to reccive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the
corporation) shall be payable on any Common Stock of the corporation during any fiscal year of the
corporation until dividends in the amount specified above per share (adjusted to reflect stock splits,
stock dividends and recapitalizations) on the Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series C
Preferred shall have been paid or declared and set apart during that fiscal year. No dividend shall be
paid on or declared and set apart for the shares of any series of Preferred Stock for any dividend
period unless at the same time a like proportionate dividend for the same dividend period, ratably in
proportion to the respective annual dividend rates fixed therefor, shall be paid on or declared and set
apart for the shares of all other such series of Preferred Stock. After the holders of the Preferred
Stock have received their dividend preference as set forth above, any dividends declared by the
Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor shall be shared cqually among all
outstanding shares on an as-converted basis.

2. Liquidation Preference.

(a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of the assets or surplus funds of the corporation to
the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the amount of $0.20 per share
(adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations), plus all declared but unpaid
dividends on cach share of Series A Preferred (the "Series A Liquidation Preference") then held by
them, the amount of $0.34 per share (adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and
recapitalizations), plus all declared but unpaid dividends on each share of Series B Preferred (the
"Serics B Liquidation Preference") then held by them, and the amount of $0.4964 per share (adjusted
to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations), plus all declared but unpaid dividends
on each share of Series C Preferred (the "Series C Liquidation Preference") then held by them. If,
upon the occurrence of such an event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full Scries A, Series
B and Series C Liquidation Preferences, then the entire assets and funds of the corporation legally
available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock in
proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is entitled to receive.

(b) After the distributions described in subsection (a) above have been
paid in full, the remaining assets of the corporation available for distribution to shareholders shall be
distributed among the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock pro rata based on the number
of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock), subject
to the limitation that any holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate in the distribution
described in this Section 2(b) only until such time as the aggregate proceeds received by such holder

2
(including amounts received pursuant to Section 2(a) above) equals fifty cents ($0.50) per share of
Series A Preferred, eighty-five cents ($0.85) per share of Series B Preferred or one dollar twenty-four
and 1/10 cents ($1.241) per share of Series C Preferred. Any holder of Preferred Stock electing to
convert Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock prior to the liquidation event shall not be
entitled to the liquidation preference described in Section 2(a) (with respect to such converted
Preferred Stock), but shall have only the full rights under this Section 2(b) of a holder of the
Common Stock issued upon such conversion.

(c) For purposes of this Section 2, any acquisition of the corporation by
means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization in which the outstanding shares of the
corporation are exchanged for securities or other consideration issued, or caused to be issued, by the
acquiring corporation or its subsidiary (other than a reincorporation transaction) or a sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the corporation shal! be treated as a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the corporation and shall entitle the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock to
receive at the closing in cash, securities or other property amounts as specified in Sections 2(a) and
2(b) above.

(d} Any securities to be delivered to the holders of the Preferred Stock
and/or Common Stock pursuant to Section 2(c) above shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

(A) If traded on a securities exchange or the NASDAQ
National Market System, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the
securities on such exchange over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(B) _Ifactively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the 30-day period ending three (3) days prior
to the closing; and

(C) — Ifthere is no active public market, the value shall be the
fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

(ii) | The method of valuation of sccuritics subject to investment
letter or other restrictions on free marketability shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) ov (C) to reflect the approximate fair market value
thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

3. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shal! have conversion rights
as follows (the "Conversion Rights"):

(a) Right to Convert.
(i) Each share of Series A Preferred shall be convertible, at the
option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the
corporation or any transfer agent for such Series A Preferred, into such number of fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $0.20 for each share of Series
A Preferred by the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share. The initial Conversion Price
for shares of Scrics A Preferred shall be $0.20 per share (the “Series A Conversion Price”). Each
share of Series B Preferred shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after
the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the corporation or any transfer agent for such
Series B Preferred, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is
determined by dividing $0.34 for cach share of Series B Preferred by the Conversion Price at the
time in effect for such share. ‘The initial Conversion Price for shares of Scries B Preferred shall be
$0.34 per share (the "Series B Conversion Price"). Each share of Series C Preferred shall be
convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at
the office of the corporation or any transfer agent for such Serics C Preferred, into such number of
fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing $0.4964 for each
share of Series C Preferred by the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share. The initial
Conversion Price for shares of Series C Preferred shall be $0.4964 per share (the "Series C
Conversion Price"); provided, however, that such Series A Conversion Price, Scrics B Conversion
Price and Series C Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in subsection 3(c).

(ii) | Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted
inio shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Price upon the consummation of the
corporation's sale of its Common Stock in a bona fide, firm commitment underwriting pursuant to a
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), which
results in aggregate gross cash procceds to the corporation in excess of $10,000,000 and the public
offering price of which is not less than $5.00 per share (adjusted to reflect subsequent stock
dividends, stock splits or recapitalizations). In the event of the automatic conversion of the Preferred
Stock upon a public offering as set forth above, the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion of Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(b) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he shall surrender the certificate or
certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the corporation or of any transfer agent for such
stock, and shall give written notice by mail, postage prepaid, to the corporation at its principal
corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state thercin the name or names in
which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The corporation
shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred
Stock, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall
be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for al] purposes
as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is
in connection with an underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act, the

4
conversion will be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriter of the sale of securities
pursuant to such offering, unless otherwise designated in writing by the holders of such Preferred
Stock. in which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock issuable upon such
cor.version of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Preferred Stock until
immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.

(c) Conversion Price Adjustments of Preferred Stock. The Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) (A) _ Ifthe corporation, at any time or from time to time after
the date of the first issuance cf shares of Series C Preferred (the "Purchase Date"), shall issue any
Additional Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than
the Series C Conversion Price in effect on the date cfs .d immediately prior to the issuance of such
Additional Stock, then and in such event, the Serics C Conversion Price shall be reduced
concurrently with such issuance to a price determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a
fraction. the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock which
the aggrcyate consideration received by the corporation for the total number of shares of Additional
Stock so issued would purchase at such Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issuance plus the number of such shares of Additional Stock so issued. If the corporation, at any
time or from time to time after the Purchase Date, shall issue any Additional Stock (as defined
below) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series A Conversion Price
with respect to the Serics A Preferred or the Series B Conversion Price with respect to the Series B
Preferred, in effect on the date of and immediately prior to the issuance of such Additional Stock,
then and in such event, the Scries A Conversion Price ar the Series B Conversion Price, as
applicable. shall be reduced concurrently with such issuance, to a price determined by multiplying
such Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance plus the
number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received by the corporation
for the total number of shares of Additional Stock so issued would purchase at such Conversion
Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
and the number; of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the shares of Preferred
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance plus the number of such shares of Additional
Stock so issued. For the purposes of this subsection, the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue shall be calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all
shares of Preferred Stock and all convertible securities had been fully converted into shares of
Common Stock immediately prior to such issuance and any outstanding warrants, options or other
tights for the purchase of shares of stock or convertible securities had been fully exercised
immediately prior to such issuance (and the resulting securities fully converted into shares of
Common Stock, if so convertible) as of such date, but not including in such calculation any
additional shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to shares of Preferred Stock, convertible

5

ee
securities, or outstanding options. warrants or other rights for the purchase of shares of stock or
convertible securities, solely as a result of the adjustment of the Series A, Series B or Series C
Conversion Price. as the case may be, (or other conversion ratios) resulting from the issuance of the
Additional Stock causing the adjustment in question. Immediately after any Additional Stock is
deemed issued. such Additional Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(B) Noadjustment of the Conversion Price for the Preferred
Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share, provided that any adjustments which
are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either
taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to 3 ycars from the date of the event
giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of 3 years from the
date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward. Except to the limited extent
provided for in subsections (E)(3) and (E)(4), no adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this
subsection 3(c)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(C) Inthe case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash,
the consideration shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting any
reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the corporation for
any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and salc thereof.

(D) Inthe case of the issuance of the Common Stock fora
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be deemed
to be the fair value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors irrespective of any accounting
treatment.

(E) Inthe case of the issuance, whether before, on or after
the Purchase Date, of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock, securities by
their terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable sccuritics (which are not excluded from the definition
of Additional Stock), the following provisions shall apply:

1. The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to subscribe for
Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such options or rights were issued
and for a consideration equal to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in subsections
3(c)(i)(C) and 3(c)(i)(D)), if any, received by the corporation upon the issuance of such options or
rights plus the minimum purchase price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock
covered thereby.

2. The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deiiverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible or
exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for such
convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or exchange thereof shall be
deemed to have becn issued at the time such securities were issued or such options or rights were

6
issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration, if any, received by the corporation for any
such securities and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued
interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional consideration, if any, to be received by the
corporation upon the conversion or exchange of such sccurities or the exercise of any related options
or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner provided in subscctions
3(c (iC) and 3(c)(i)(D)).

3. In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or any increase in the consideration payable to the corporation
upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such convertible or
exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution
provisions thereof, the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock obtained with respect to the
adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options, rights or securitics, and any
subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall be recomputed to reflect such change, but no further
adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such
consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such
securities.

4, Upon the expiration of any such options or
rights. the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any options or
rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock obtained with respect to the adjustment which was made upon the issuance of such options,
rights or sccurities or options or rights related to such securities, and any subsequent adjustments
based thereon. shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of only the number of shares of Common
Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon the conversion or exchange of
such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to such securities. Upon the
expiration of any such options or rights, the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or
the expiration of any options or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, only the
number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon
the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights related to
such securities shall continue to be deemed to be issued.

5, All Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to
this subsection 3(c)(i)(E) shall be considered issued only at the time of its deemed issuance and any
actual issuance of such stock shall not be an actual issuance or a deemed issuance of the
corporation's Common Stock under the provisions of this Section 3; provided however, that in the
case of any options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock which expire by their terms
not more than 30 days after the date of issue thereof, no adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be
made until the expiration or exercise of all such options or rights, whereupon such adjustment shall
be made in the same manner provided in subsection (E)(4) above.

(ii) | “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock
issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to subsection 3(c)(i)(E)) by the corporation on or
after the Purchase Date other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable:
(A) pursuant to a transaction described in subsection
3(c)(ii1) hereof,

(B) to employees, consultants or directors of this
corporation pursuant to a stock option plan or restricted stock plan approved by the Board of
Directors of this corporation or a stock purchase agreement approved by the Board of Directors of
this corporation.

(C) — tobanks, equipment lessors or landlords, provided such
issuances are for other than equity financing purposes,

(D) — for which adjustment of the Conversion Price is made
pursuant to this Section 3,

(E) —_ upon conversion of the Preferred Stock.

(F) upon conversion of Series C Preferred issuabic upon
exercise of warrants to purchase up to 2,820,306 shares of Scrics C Preferred,

(G) upon conversion of up to 5,761,483 shares of Series C
Preferred issued in consideration (in whole or in part) for the acquisition of assets pursuant to a stock
purchase agreement approved by the Board of Directors, or

(H) = (i) in a bona fide, firmly underwritten public
offering of shares of Common Stock before or in connection with which all outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock are converted to Common Stock, or (ii) upon exercise of warrants or rights granted
to underwriters in connection with such a public offering, which warrants or rights are unanimously
approved by the Board of Directors.

(iti) Inthe event the corporation should at any time or from time to
time after the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to
receive a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or other
securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thercof to receive directly or indirectly,
additional shares of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock Equivalents")
without payment of any consideration by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or
the Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record date (or the date of such dividend
distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of such series shal] be increased in proportion to such increase of the
aggregate shares of Common Stock outstanding and those issuable with respect to such Common
Stock Equivalents.
(iv) Ifthe number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any
time after the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock. then. following the record date of such combination, the Conversion Price for the Preferred
Stock shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on
conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in
outstanding shares.

(d) Other Distributions. In the event the corporation shall declare a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the
corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or rights not referred to in
subsection 3(c)(iii), then, in each such case for the purpose of this subsection 3(d), the holders of the
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they were
the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the corporation into which their shares of
Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the corporation entitled to receive such distribution.

(e) Recapitalizations. 1fat any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of
assets transaction provided for elsewhere in Sections 2 or 3) provision shall be made so that the
holders of the Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to reccive upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the corporation or otherwise, to
which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
recapitalization. Jn any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Section 3 with respect to the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the cnd that the provisions of this Section 3 (including adjustment of the
Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(f) |No_Impairment. The corporation will not, by amendment of its
Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or
seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed
hereunder by the corporation, but will at all tiraes in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Section 3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the Conversion itights of the holders of the Preferred Stock against impairment.

(g) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion shall be
rounded up to the nearest whole share. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such
conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock the
holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such aggregate conversion. In lieu of any fractional share to which any holder would
otherwise be entitled upon conversion of some or all of the Preferred Stock owned by such holder,

9
the corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair value thereof as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) | Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of any
Conversion Price of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 3, the corporation, at its expense, shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare
and furnish to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or
readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based.
The corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish
or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (A) such adjustment and
readjustment. (B) the Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon
the conversion of a share of Preferred Stock.

(h) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the corporation
of arecord of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof
who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right
to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other securities
or property. or to receive any other right, the corporation shall mail to cach holder of Preferred Stock,
at Ieast 20 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such
record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and
character of such dividend, distribution or right.

(i) Reservation of Stock [ssuable Upon Conversion. ‘The corporation shall
at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock

solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock such number of
its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of
such Preferred Stock, the corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counscl, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes.

(j) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 3 to be
given to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be sent by airmail, postage prepaid, and
addressed to each holder of record at his address appearing on the books of the corporation, and shall
be deemed given ten (10) days after deposit.

4. Voting Rights.

(a) Each holder of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the
sumber of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock
could then be converted (with any fractional share determined on an aggregate conversion basis
being rounded to the nearest whole share), and with respect to such vote, such holder shall have full

10
voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock
(except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law, voting together with holders of
Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common Stock have the right to
vote), and shal! be entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any shareholders’
mecting in accordance with the by-laws of the corporation.

(b) The Board of Directors shall consist of five (5) directors. The holders
of Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to
elect two (2) directors. The holders of the Common Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) directors. The holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting
together on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect the remaining director.

(c) In the case of any vacancy in the office ofa director occurring among
the directors elected by the holders of Preferred Stock or the Common Stock pursuant to the second
and third sentences of Section 4(b) above, the remaining directors may, by affirmative vote of a
majority thereof (or the remaining director if there is but one, or if there is no such director
remaining, by the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares entitled to elect such director, as the
case may be, in accordance with California Corporations Code § 305) elect a successor or successors
to hold the office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or places shall be
vacant. Any director who shall have been elected pursuant to Section 4(b) above or any director so
elected as provided in this Section 4(c), may be removed during the aforesaid term of office, whether
with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares entitled to elect such
director pursuant to Section 4(b) above, as the case may be, in accordance with California
Corporations Code § 303 and § 304.

5. Protective Provisions.

(a) So long as shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the corporation
shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the
holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class:

(i) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, the
corporation's Articles of Incorporation if such action would materially and adversely alter or change
the rights, preferences or privileges or powers of, or the restrictions provided for the benefit of, the
Preferred Stock; .

(ii) authorize or issue any new class or series of stock having any
preference or priority as to dividends or assets superior to or on a parity with any such preference or
priority of the Preferred Stock; .

(iii) —_ sell all or substantially all of its property or business or merge
into or consolidate with any other corporation (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation) or
effect any other transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power of the corporation is disposed of, provided that this Section 5(a)(iii) shall not apply
to a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the corporation; or

11
(iv) liquidate or dissolve the corporation.

6. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the shares so converted shall be canceled and shall not be
issuable by the corporation, and the Articles of Incorporation of the corporation shall be
appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the corporation's authorized capital
stock.

7. Repurchase of Shares. In connection with repurchases by the corporation of
its Common Stock pursuant to its agreements with certain of the holders thereof providing for such
repurchases in the event of the termination of the status of such holder as an employee, director or
consultant to the corporation, each holdcr of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have consented, for
purposes of Sections 502 and 503 of the California General Corporation Law, to distributions made
by the corporation with respect to such repurchases.

C. Common Stock.

I. Dividend Rights, Subjcct to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
at the time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the
corporation legally available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
corporation, the assets of the corporation shall be distributed as provided in Section B.2. of this
Article SII.

3. Redemption. The Common Stock is not redeemable.

4. Voting Rights. The holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the
right to one vote, and shall be entitled to notice of any shareholders meeting in accordance with the
Bylaws of the corporation, and shall be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may
be provided by law.

ARTICLE IV

(A) Limitation of Directors Liability. The liability of the directors of the corpuration for
monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permissible under California law.

(B) Indemnification of Corporate Agents. The corporation is authorized to provide

indemnification of agents (as defined in Section 317 of the California Corporations Code) to the
fullest extent permissible under California law.

12
(C) Repeal or Modification. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of
this Article IV shall not adversely affect any right or protection of an agent of this corporation
existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification. ."

* * *
THREE: The foreg: ing amendment and restatement has been approved by the Board of
Directors of the corporation.
FOUR: The foregoing amendment and restetement was approved by the holders of the

requisite number of shares of the corpuration in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the
California General Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with
respect to the foregoing amendment and restatement was 24,230,439 shares of Common Stock and
106,065,450 shares of Preferred Stock (which number includes 33,424,202 shares of Series A
Preferred, 26,307,646 shares of Series B Preferred and 46,333,602 shares of Series C Preferred). The
number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing amendment and restatement cqualed or exceeded
the vote required, such required vote being a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
and a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, cach voting as a separate class; and a
majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred, voting as a separate class.

13
The undersigned declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California
that they have read the foregoing Certificate and that the matters set forth in the foregoing Certificate

are true and correct of their own knowledge.

Executed at San Jose, California on Maren 3p, 2009.

