State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 02:25 PM 03/06/2014
FILED 02:20 PM 03/06/2014
SRV 140296745 - 5399028 FILE

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
Al0 NETWORKS, INC.

A10 Networks, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
(the “Corporation”), hereby certifies as follows:

l. The name of the Corporation is Al10 Networks, Inc. The Corporation’s original
Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
December 06, 2013.

2. Pursuant to Section 242 of the DGCL, this Certificate of Amendment of Certificate
further amends the provisions of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation.

3. Pursuant to Section 242 of the DGCL, the Board of Directors of the Corporation duly
adopted resolutions setting forth the terms and provisions of this Certificate of Amendment of Certificate
of Incorporation, declaring the terms and provisions of this Certificate of Amendment to be advisable, and
directing that the terms and provisions of this Certificate of Amendment be submitted to and considered
by the stockholders of the Corporation for approval,

4. The terms and provisions of this Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation
have been duly adopted and approved by the stockholders of the Corporation, acting in accordance with
the provisions of Sections 228 and 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

5. Article V, Section A of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation (as amended, the
“Restated Certificate”) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

“The corporation is authorized to issue a total of three hundred sixty million seven hundred forty-
nine thousand nine hundred seventy-five (360,749,975) shares of stock, divided into two classes of stock
to be designated, respectively, "Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock". The number of shares of
Common Stock authorized to be issued is two hundred forty-six million (246,000,000) shares, $0.00001
par value per share. The number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized to be issued is one hundred
fourteen million seven hundred forty-nine thousand nine hundred seventy-five (114,749,975) shares,
$0.00001 par value per share, thirty-three million four hundred twenty-four thousand two hundred two
(33,424,202) shares of which are designated as Series A Preferred Stock (the "Series A Preferred"),
twenty-six million three hundred seven thousand six hundred forty-six (26,307,646) shares of which are
designated as Series B Preferred Stock (the "Series B Preferred"), fifty-four million nine hundred three
thousand one hundred twenty-seven (54,903,127) shares of which are designated as Series C Preferred
Stock (the "Series C Preferred") and one hundred fifteen thousand (115,000) shares of which are
designated as Series D Preferred Stock (the "Series D Preferred"). It is the intention of the corporation
that each share of Common Stock and Preferred Stock (and the holder thereof) shall receive the benefit of
the rights, preferences and privileges relating to the Conversion Rights set forth in Section 3 of Article
III.B. of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Al0 Networks, Inc., a California
corporation and predecessor to the corporation (the "Predecessor") (the "Predecessor Charter"), and
any adjustment thereto, and the redemption rights set forth in Section 6 of Article III.B. of the Predecessor
Charter and/or any adjustment or addition of cumulative dividends thereto, which, in each case, shall be
carried over of a share of stock of the same class of the Predecessor from the applicable date of issuance
of such share by the Predecessor as if such share of Common Stock or Preferred Stock was issued by the
corporation (rather than the Predecessor) at such time. As a result, for purposes of Section 3 of Article

A10 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (reverse split) (PALIB2_6623450_6)
V.B. and Section 6 of Article V.B. of this Certificate of Incorporation, (i) all references to the corporation
shall be deemed to include the Predecessor and (ii) each share of stock issued by the corporation in
connection with the exchange and conversion of the shares of the Predecessor’s capital stock for shares of
the corporation’s capital stock pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger between the
corporation and the Predecessor, dated on or about the date of the filing of this Certificate of
Incorporation, shall be deemed to have been issued on the date such share was issued by the Predecessor.

Effective immediately upon the filing of this Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of
Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the “Record Date”), each 3.75
outstanding shares of Common Stock, each 3.75 outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, each
3.75 outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, each 3.75 outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock, will be exchanged and combined, automatically and without further action, into one (1) share of
Common Stock, one (1) share of Series A Preferred Stock, one (1) share of Series B Preferred Stock, one
(1) share of Series C Preferred Stock, respectively (the “Reverse Stock Split”). The Reverse Stock Split
shall also apply to any outstanding securities or rights convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable
for, Common Stock or Preferred Stock of the Corporation. The Reverse Stock Split shall be effected on a
certificate-by-certificate basis and no fractional shares shall be issued upon the exchange and
combination. For each one (1) share of Common Stock of the Corporation that is issued and outstanding
on the and each one (1) share of Preferred Stock of the Corporation that is issued and outstanding on the
Record Date, the par value will remain the same after the Reverse Stock Split at US$0.00001 per share. In
lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay an
amount of cash equal to the product of (i) the fractional share to which the holder would otherwise be
entitled and (ii) the then fair value of a share as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.”

6. The second to last sentence of Article V, Section B(3)(a)(i) of the Corporation’s
Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

“The initial Conversion Price for shares of Series D Preferred shall be $8.4855 per share (the
“Series D Conversion Price”). The initial Series D Conversion Price set forth has been adjusted to
reflect the Reverse Stock Split and, accordingly, no further adjustment to the Series D Conversion Price
shall be made as a result of the Reverse Stock Split.”

7. Article V, Section B(3)(a)(ii) of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

“(ii) Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common
Stock at the then effective Conversion Price (i) upon the consummation of the corporation's sale of its
Common Stock in a bona fide, firm commitment underwriting pursuant to a registration statement under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), which results in aggregate gross cash
proceeds to the corporation in excess of $10,000,000 and the public offering price (before deducting
commissions, discounts or expenses) of which is not less than $5.00 per share (adjusted to reflect
subsequent stock dividends, stock splits or recapitalizations, including the Reverse Stock Split for which
such amount has not been adjusted) ("Qualified Offering") or (ii) upon the receipt by the Corporation of a
written request for such conversion from (1) the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock then
outstanding (voting as a single class and on an as-converted basis) and (2) the holders of a majority of the
Series D Preferred then outstanding (voting as a separate class). In the event of the automatic conversion
of the Preferred Stock upon a Qualified Offering as set forth above, the person(s) entitled to receive the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted
such Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of securities.”
8. All other provisions of the Restated Certificate shall remain in full force and effect.

[Remainder of this Page Intentionally Left Blank]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, A10 Networks, Inc. has caused this Certificate of Amendment Certificate
of Incorporation to be signed by Lee Chen, a duly authorized officer of the Corporation, on March 6, 2014.

/s/ Lee Chen
Lee Chen, President

A10 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (reverse split)_ (PALIB2_6623450_6)
