A0630429

XeetS3sd ps
FILED
7 the office of the Secretary of State

CERTIFICATE. OF AMENDMENT of the State of Caffomia

OF JUN 3.0 2005
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF

A10 NETWORKS, INC.

Lee Chen and Robert D. Cochran hereby certify that:

1. They are the President and Secretary, respectively, of Al10 NETWORKS, INC., a California
corporation (the "Company").

2. Article JI, paragraph A. of the Articles of Incorporation of the Company is hereby
amended to read in its entirety as follows:

“A, Authorized Stock. The corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to
be designated, respectively, "Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock". The number of shares
of Common Stock authorized to be issued is one hundred million (100,000,000) shares, having
no par value. The number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized to be issued is thirty-five
million nine Lumlced twenty-four thousand two hundred two (35,924,202) shares, having no
par value, al) of which is designated as Series A Preferred Stock.”

3. The foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation has been duly approved by the
Board of Directors of this corporation.

4. The foregoing awendumeut and restatement was approved by the holders of the requisite
number of shares of the corporation in accordance with Sections 902 and 903 of the California
General Corporation Law. The total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote with respect to the
foregoing amendment and restatement waS 16,500,000 shares of Common Stock and 18,424,202
shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The number of shares voting in favor of the foregoing
amendment and restatement equaled or exceed the vote required, such required vote being a majority
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred
Stuck, each voting as a separate class.


The undersigned declare under penalty of perjury uuder the laws of the State of California
that they have read the foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation and that the matters set forth
in the foregoing amendment of the Articles of Incorporation are true and correct of their own knowledge.

Executed at San Jose. California on Gung 30. . 2005,

MANOR DENTS AND SRTTINOMLER CHENDREETOPA1OSTOCKS. INYESTORMSERIESA SBCONTNCERTAMIND.DOC
