State of Delaware
Secretary of State

QO Division of Corporations
SS C. Delivered 08:45 AM 05/01/2006
FILED 08:40 AM 05/01/2006
SRV 060400387 - 4019205 FILE

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
ABDOMINIS, INC.
George Wallace hereby certifies that:
ONE: The name of this corporation is ABDOMINIS, INC., and the date of filing of the original
Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation with the Secretary of State of Delaware is August 22,
2005.

TWO: The First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was filed
with the Secretary of State of Delaware on September 16, 2005.

He is the duly elected and acting President of ABDOMINIS, INC., a Delaware corporation.
THREE: The First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation is
hereby amended and restated to read as follows:
ARTICLE 1
The name of this corporation is ABDOMINIS, INC. (the “corporation’’).

ARTICLE 2

The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is
2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, County of New Castle. The name of the
corporation’s registered agent at that address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE 3

The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations
may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to
time.

ARTICLE 4

(a) Authorized Stock. This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
Gesignated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares of capital
stock which this corporation has authority to issue is Nine Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand
(9,250,000) shares. Five Million Nine Hundred Thirty Seven Thousand Five Hundred (5,937,500) shares
shail be designated Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share and Three Million Three Hundred

DOCSOC/1 160594v4/0102 18-0005

Twelve Thousand Five Hundred (3.312.500) shares shall be designated Preferred Stock. $0.0001 par
value per share.

(b) Common Stock.

Section 1. General. The voting. dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the
Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the nghts. powers and preferences of the holders of the
Preferred Stock set forth herein and as may be designated by resolution of the Board of Directors of the
corporation with respect to any series of Preferred Stock as authorized herein.

Section 2. Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock, from
funds lawfully available therefor if, as and when determined by the Board of Directors in their sole
discretion, subject to provisions of law, any provision of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended from time to time, and subject to the relative rights and preferences of any
shares of Preferred Stock authorized, issued and outstanding hereunder.

Section 3. Liguidation. Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the Company
available for distribution to its stockholders, subject to any preferential joint nghts of any Series of
Preferred Stock then outstanding.

Section 4. .Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share
of Common Stock held at all meetings of the corporation’s stockholders and written actions in lieu of
meetings. There shall be no cumulative voting. (. ~

\ oN

(c) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Series A and SeriesS\Preferred Stock. The
Preferred Stock authorized by this Second Amended and Restated\Certificate df! Incorporation shall be
issued in series. The nghts, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed on the Series
A Preferred Stock, which series shall consist of Two Million Eight Hundred Twelve Thousand Five
Hundred (2,812,500) shares. and the Senes S Preferred Stock, which series shall consist of Five Hundred
Thousand (500,000) shares, are as set forth below in this Article 4 (c).

Section 1. Designation and Amount. The Series A Preferred Stock shall be designated
“Series A Convertible Preferred Stock,” par value $0.0001 per share (the “Serits A Prefered Stock”), and
the number of shares constituting such series shall be 2,812,500. The Series eferred S shall be
designated as “Series S Convertible Preferred Stock,” par value $0.0001 per share (the “Seri referred
Stock”), and the number of shares constituting such series shall be 500,000.

Section 2. Dividend Provisions. The holders of sine See Byte Stock and
S SPreferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets tégally available therefor,
prior in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common
Stock or other securities and rights convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive. directly or
indirectly. additional shares of Common Stock of this corporation) on the Common Stock of this
corporation, at the rate of eight percent (8%) per share of the Original Series A Issue Price, as hereinafter
defined, or Original Series S Issue Price, as hereafter defined, respectively, of the Series A Preferred
Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, respectively, per annum (as determined on a per annum basis and an as
converted basis for the Preferred Stock), payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors. Such dividends shal{ not be cumulative." ~>

bo

DOCSOC7/} 160594v4/010218-0005

Section 3. Liquidation Preterence.

(a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this corporation,
‘aluntary or involuntary. the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, on a
\ part passi basis. shall be entitled to receive. prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the
“assets. of this co jon to the holder& of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof. an
amount per hare Dl The purchase pN&e origin aid by such holders of Series A Preferred Stock
and Series S Preferre Ock for each outstahding share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S
Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends. contributions or splits with respect to such shares)
(the ““Qriginal Series A Issue Price™ and “Original Series S Issue Price.” respectively), plus all declared
but unpaid dividends on such share. If upon the occurrence of such event, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the
entire assets and funds of the corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably
among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock in proportion to the
preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

_-{b)~~~—Upon, the completion of the distribution required by subparagraph (a) of this
Section 3 the remaining assets of the corporation available for distribution to stockholders shall be
distributed Mee the holden of the Common Stock of this corporation pro rata based on the number of
shares of Common Stock held by each.

(c) (i) For purposes of this Section 3, unless the holders of at least two-thirds of
the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class on an as-converted basis, elect otherwise, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of this corporation
shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, (A) the acquisition of the corporation by another
entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any
reorganization, merger (whether or not the corporation is a surviving entity after the merger, but,
excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the corporation),
consolidation, issuance of capital stock by the corporation or sale of outstanding capital stock of the
corporation); (B) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation; or
(C) the disposition by sale, assignment, license or otherwise of all or substantially all of the intellectual
property of the corporation (collectively, the events described in (A)-(C) of this Section 3(c)(i) are
referred to herein as a “Deemed Liquidation Event’); provided, however, that in no event shall a Deemed
Liquidation Event be deemed to have occurred if the corporation’s stockholders of record as constituted
immediately prior to such acquisition, sale, disposition or license will, immediately after such acquisition,
sale, disposition or license (by virtue of securities issued as consideration for the corporation’s
acquisition, sale, disposition or license or otherwise) hold at least 50% of the voting power of the
surviving or acquiring entity.

{ii) If a Deemed Liquidation Event occurs, the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock and Series S Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive the greater of (A) the liquidation amount
set forth in subsection 3(a) above, or (B) the amount per share that would be received by the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock and Common Stock based on the pro rata
ownership of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Series A Preferred
Stock and Series S Preferred Stock).

(iii) If a Deemed Liquidation Event occurs, if the consideration received by

the corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be
valued as follows:

DOCSOC/i 160594v4/01 0218-0005

(A) Securitics not subject to investment letter or other similar
restrictions on free marketability:

(1) If traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq
National Market. the value shal] be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on
such exchange over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing:

(2) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty-day
period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(3) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the
fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by the corporation and the holders of at least a majority
of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis.

(B) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter
or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
stockholder’s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in (A) (1), (2) or (3) to reflect the approximate fair market value
thereof, as mutually determined by the corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the voting
power of all then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class on an as-converted basis.

(iv) In the event the requirements of this subsection 3(c) are not complied
with, this corporation shall forthwith either:

(A) cause such closing to be postponed until such time as the
requirements of this Section 3 have been complied with; or

(B) cance] such transaction, in which event the rights, preferences
and privileges of the holders of the Senes A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock shall revert to
and be the same as such nights, preferences and privileges existing immediately prior to the date of the
first notice referred to in subsection 3(c)(v) hereof.

(v) The corporation shall give each holder of record of Series A Preferred
Stock and Series S Preferred Stock written notice of such impending transaction not later than twenty (20)
days prior to the stockholders’ meeting called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the
closing of such transaction. whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final
approval of such transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and conditions of
the impending transaction and the provisions of this Section 3, and the corporation shall thereafter give
such holders prompt notice of any material changes. The transaction shall in no event take place sooner
than twenty (20) days after the corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than
ten (10) days after the corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein; provided,
however, that such periods may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights or similar notice rights
and that represent at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, respectively.

Section.d No Redemption. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred
Stock shall Met be redéemabte~
7

DOCSOC/) 160594v4/0 10218-0005


Section 5. Conversion. The holders of the Serics A Preferred Stock and Serics S Preferred
Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred
Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of
such share, at the otfice of this corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully
paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original Series A Issue
Price or the Original Series S Issue Price. as applicable, by the Conversion Price applicable to the Series
A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, as the case may be, determined as hereafter provided, in
effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. The initial Conversion Price per share for
shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be the Original Series A Issue Price and the initial Conversion
Price per share for the shares of Series S Preferred Stock shall be the Original Series S Issue Price;
provided, however, that the Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred
Stock shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in subsection S(d).

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S
Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price at
the time in effect for such Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable,
immediately upon, except as provided below in subsection 5(c), (i) the corporation’s sale of its Common
Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-]
or SB-2 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the public offering price of which was not less
than $4.80 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, contributions or splits with respect to such
shares) and results in aggregate proceeds to the corporation of at least $30 million, or (ii) upon the
consent of not less than a majority of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class, on an as-converted basis.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any holder of Series A Preferred Stock or
Series S Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, he shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of this corporation or of any
transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable, and shall give
written notice to this corporation at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and
shall state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock
are to be issued. This corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to such holder
of Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, as appropriate, or to the nominee or nominees of
such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder
shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to
the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series S
Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of
such shares of Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten
offering of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, the conversion may, at the option
of any holder tendering Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock for conversion, be
conditioned upon the closing with the underwriters of the sale of securities pursuant to such offering, in
which event the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall not be deemed to have converted such
Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such sale of
securities.

(d) Conversion Price Adjustments of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred
Stock Upon Certain Events and for Certain Dilutive Issuances, Splits and Combinations. The Conversion

DOCSOC/1160594¥4/0102 18-0005

Price of the Series A Preterred Stock and the Series S Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from
time to time as follows:

(i) (A) If the corporation shall issue. after the date upon which this
Second Amended and Restated-Certificate-ef Incorporation is filed (“Effective Date”), any Additional
Stock (as defined below) without consideration or for a consideration per share les n the Conversion
Price for such series itLeffect immediately prior to the issuance_of such Additi the Conversion
Price for such series in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall forthwith (except as otherwise
provided in this clause (i)) be adjusted to a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by
multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the amount calculated in
clause (x) below and the denominator of which shall be the amount calculated in clause (y) below as
follows:

(x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
such issue plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate
consideration received by the corporation for the total number of shares of Additional
Stock so issued would purchase at such Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to
such issuance, and

(y) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
such issue plus the number of such shares of Additional Stock so issued.

For the purpose of the above calculation, the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such issue shall be calculated on a fully diluted basis, as if all shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock and all securities directly or indirectly convertible
into or exchangeable for Common Stock had been fully converted into shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to such issuance and any issued and outstanding warrants, options or other rights for
the purchase of shares of stock or convertible secunties had been fully exercised immediately prior to
such issuance (and the resulting securities fully converted into shares of Common Stock, if so convertible)
as of such date, but not including in such calculation any additional shares of Common Stock issuable
with respect to shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series S Preferred Stock, convertible securities, or
outstanding options, warrants or other rights for the purchase of shares of stock or convertible securities,
solely as a result of the adjustment of the respective Conversion Price (or other conversion ratios)
resulting from the issuance of the Additional Stock causing the adjustment in question;

(B) No adjustment of the Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred
Stock and Series S Preferred Stock shall be made in an amount less than one cent per share, provided that
any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason of this sentence shall be carried forward and
shall be either taken into account in any subsequent adjustment made prior to 3 years from the date of the
event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end of 3 years from the
date of the event giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward. Except to the limited extent
provided for in subsections (E)(3) and (E)(4), no adjustment of such Conversion Price pursuant to this
subsection 5(d)(i) shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above the Conversion Price in
effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(C) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash, the
consideration for such issuance shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before deducting
any reasonable discounts, commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by this corporation for
any underwriting or otherwise in connection with the issuance and sale thereof.

DOCSOC/! 160594v4/010218-0005

(D) In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for a consideration
in whole or in part other than cash. the consideration for such issuance other than cash shall be deemed to
be the fair value thereof as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors irrespective of any
accounting treatment.

(E) In the case of the issuance (whether before, on or after the first
date the Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, respectively, was issued and sold or the
“Purchase Date”) of options to purchase or rights to subscribe for Common Stock, securities by their
terms convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights to subscribe
for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the following provisions shall apply for all purposes of
this subsection 5(d){i) and subsection 5(d)(ii):

(1) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such
options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration
(determined in the manner provided in subsections 5(d)(i)(C) and 5(d)(i)(D)), if any,
received by the corporation upon the issuance of such options or rights plus the minimum
exercise price provided in such options or rights for the Common Stock covered thereby.

(2) The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of or in exchange for any such convertible
or exchangeable securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase or rights to
subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities and subsequent conversion or
exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such securities were
issued or such options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the
consideration, if any, received by the corporation for any such securities and related
options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued interest or accrued
dividends), plus the minimum additional consideration, if any, to be received by the
corporation upon the conversion or exchange of such securities or the exercise of any
related options or rights (the consideration in each case to be determined in the manner
provided in subsections 5(d)(1)(C) and 5(d)(i)(D)).

(3) In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or in the consideration payable to this corporation
upon exercise of such options or nights or upon conversion of or in exchange for such
convertible or exchangeable securities, including, but not limited to, a change resulting
from the antidilution provisions thereof (except for changes resulting from the application
of this Section 5 to the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series S
Preferred Stock, as applicable), the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock and
the Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable, to the extent in any way affected by or
computed using such options, rights or securities, shall be recomputed to reflect such
change, but no further adjustment shall be made for the actual issuance of Common Stock
or any payment of such consideration upon the exercise of any such options or rights or
the conversion or exchange of such securities.

(4) Upon the expiration of any such options or
rights, the termination of any such rights to convert or exchange or the expiration of any
options or rights related to such convertible or exchangeable securities, the Conversion
Price of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable. to the
extent in any way affected by or computed using such options, nights or securities or

DOCSOC/1 160594v4/010218-0005

options or rights related to such securities, shall be recomputed to reflect the issuance of
only the number of shares of Common Stock (and convertible or exchangeable secunties
which remain in effect) actually issued upon the exercise of such options or rights, upon
the conversion or exchange of such securities or upon the exercise of the options or rights
related to such securities.

(5) The number of shares of Common Stock deemed
issued and the consideration deemed paid therefor pursuant to subsections 5(d)(i)(E)(1)
and (2) shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any change, termination or expiration of
the type described in either subsection 5(d)(i)(E)(3) or (4).

(ii) “Additional Stock” shall mean any shares of Common Stock issued (or
deemed to have been issued pursuant to subsection 5(d)(i)(E)) by this corporation after the Purchase Date
other than:

(A) Common Stock issued pursuant to a transaction described in subsection
5(d)(iii) hereof, and

(B) Up to 1,000,000 Shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the
exercise of stock options granted or restricted stock purchases offered under a stock incentive plan
approved by the stockholders and Board of Directors (including by each of the Series A Director and
Series S Director).

(iii) In the event the corporation should at any time or from time to time after
the Purchase Date fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock or the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or
other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or other securities or rights convertible
into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock
(hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock Equivalents”) without payment of any consideration by such
holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or the Common Stock Equivalents (including the
additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of such record
date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall be
appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each
share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase of the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding (after taking account of such increase in shares issuable upon conversion of
the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock) and those issuable with respect to such
Common Stock Equivalents with the number of shares issuable with respect to Common Stock
Equivalents determined from time to time in the manner provided for deemed issuances in subsection

5(d)(i)(E).

(iv) If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after
the Purchase Date is decreased by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, then,
following the record date of such combination. the Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock and
Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to
such decrease in outstanding shares.

(e) Other Distributions. In the event this corporation shall declare a distribution

payable in securities of other persons. evidences of indebtedness issued by this corporation or other
persons. assets (excluding cash dividends) or options or nghts not referred to in subsection 5(d)}(iv), then,

DOCSOC/1 160594v4/0102 18-0005

in each such case for the purpose of this subsection S(¢). the holders of Senes A Preferred Stock and
Series S Preferred Stock shail be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though they
were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the corporation into which their shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preterred Stock, respectively. are convertible as of the record date
fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the corporation entitled to receive such
distribution.

(f) Recapitalizations. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a
recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination or merger or sale of assets
transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 5 or Section 3) provision shall be made so that the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable, the number of
shares of stock or other securities or property of this corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any
such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 5 with
respect to the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock after the
recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including adjustment of the Conversion
Price then in effect and the number of shares purchasable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock
and Series S Preferred Stock, respectively) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may
be practicable.

(g) No Impairment. This corporation will not, by amendment of its Certificate of
Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger,
dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance
or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by this corporation, but will at
all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 5 and in the taking of
all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the Conversion Rights of the holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock against impairment.

(h) No Fractional Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments.

(i) No fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of any share or
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Common
Stock to be issued shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. Whether or not fractional shares are
issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable, the holder is at the time converting into
Common Stock and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion.

(it) Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the
Conversion Price of Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5, this
corporation, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with
the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred
Stock. as applicable. a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. This corporation shall, upon the written
request at any time of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, furnish or cause
to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (a) such adjustment and readjustment, (b) the
Conversion Price for such series of Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable, at
the ume tn effect, and (c) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any. of other
property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock
or Series S Preferred Stock, as applicable.

DOCSOCY/1 160594v4/0102 18-0005

(i) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by this corporation of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who are
entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution. any night to subscribe
for. purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other securities or property, or
to receive any other night, this corporation shall mail to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series S Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifving the date
on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the
amount and character of such dividend. distribution or right.

(j) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. This corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for
the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S
Preferred Stock, such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to
effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred
Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series
S Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the holder of such Series A
Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, this corporation will take such corporate action as may, in
the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging
in best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to the Certificate
of Incorporation of this corporation.

(k) Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5 to be given to
the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock shall be deemed given five
(5) business days after being deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each
holder of record at his address appearing on the books of this corporation.

Section 6. Voting Rights.

(a) Subject to section 6(b), the holder of each share of Series A Preferred Stock and
Series S Preferred Stock shall have the right to one vote for each share of Common Stock into which such
Series A Preferred Stock or Series S Preferred Stock could then be converted, and with respect to such
vote, such holder shall have full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the
holders of Common Stock, and shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision hereof, to notice of any
stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of this corporation, and shall be entitled to vote,
together with holders of Common Stock, with respect to any question upon which holders of Common
Stock have the right to vote. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting
tights available on an as-converted basis (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted) shall be rounded to
the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward).

(b) The total number of Directors on the Company’s Board of Directors shall be five
(5). The holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock. voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to
elect one (1) Director of this corporation (the “Series A Director’), the holders of record of the Series S
Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class. shall be entitled to elect one (1) Director of this corporation
(the “Series S Director”), the holders of record of the Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) Directors of this corporation until the date which falls on the nine (9) month
anniversary of the date on which a Chief Executive Officer who is not affiliated with the holders of a
majority of the Common Stock outstanding on such date is duly appointed, then the holders of record of
Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) director of this corporation

10
DOCSOC/1 160594v4/010218-0005

(the “Common Director” or “Common Directors”, as appropriate), and the remaining member of the
Board of Directors shall be the Chief Executive Officer of this corporation (the “CEO Director”), if any,
provided, that at any time at which there is no duly authorized Chief Executive Officer of the Company
the total number of Directors on the Company’s Board of Directors shall be four (4).

In the case of any vacancy (other than a vacancy caused by removal) in the office
of director occurring among the directors elected by the holders of a class or series of stock pursuant to
this Section 6(b), the remaining directors so elected by that class or senes may by affirmative vote of a
majority thereof (or the remaining director so elected if there be but one, or if there are no such directors
remaining, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of that class or series), elect a
successor or successors to hold office for the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or
places shall be vacant. Any director who shall have been elected by the holders of a class or series of
stock or by any directors so elected as provided in the immediately preceding sentence hereof may be
removed during the aforesaid term of office, either with or without cause, by and only by, the affirmative
vote of the holders of the shares of such class or series of stock entitled to elect such director or directors,
given either at a special meeting of such stockholders duly called for such purpose or pursuant to written
consent of stockholders, and any vacancy thereby created may be filled by the holders of that class or
series of stock represented at the meeting or pursuant to written consent of such holders. Any amendment
to this Section 6(b) shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of at least a majority of
each class or series of stock entitled to elect directors hereunder.

Section 7. Protective Provisions.

(a) So long as at least ten percent (10%) of the number of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. between this
corporation and the Investors named therein, dated as of April __, 2006, or at least ten percent (10%) of
the number of shares of Series S Preferred Stock outstanding on the date of filing of this Second
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation are outstanding, this corporation shall not without first
obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law) of the holders of at least a two-
thirds majority of the then-outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock
(voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis):

(i) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside
for a sinking fund for such purpose) any share or shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock; provided,
however, that this restriction shall not apply to the repurchase of shares of Common Stock from
employees. officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for this corporation or any
subsidiary pursuant to agreements under which this corporation has the option to repurchase such shares
at the original cost thereof upon the occurrence of certain events, including, but not limited to, the
termination of employment:

(ii) sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of or encumber all or
substantially all of its assets, property or business or merge into or consolidate with any other corporation
(other than a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation) or effect any transaction or series of related
transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of this corporation is disposed of;

(111) voluntarily liquidate, dissolve, or wind-up this corporation;

(iv) enter into any amendment hereto that increases or decreases the
authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock or that creates any new series or class
of Preferred Stock having nghts, preferences, or privileges senior or puri passu to the Series A Preferred
Stock or Series S Preferred Stock:

11
DOCSOC/I 160594v4/0102 18-0005

(Vv) amend or waives any provision of the bylaws of the corporation
or the certificate of incorporation in a manner that adversely affects holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock or Series S Preferred Stock (including but not limited to any amendment that would amend the
bylaws to be inconsistent with any provision of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation):

(vi) increase or decrease the authorized size of the Board of Directors
of the corporation: or

(vil) declare or pay any dividend on any shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock.

(b) So long as any shares of Series A Preferred are outstanding, this
corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law)
of the holders of at least a two-thirds majority of the then-outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
voting as a separate class, alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares.

(c) So long as any shares of Series S Preferred are outstanding, this
corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law)
of the holders of at least a two-thirds majority of the then-outstanding shares of Series S Preferred Stock
voting as a separate class, alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of the Series S
Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the shares.

(d) So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, this
corporation shall not without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written consent, as provided by law)
of the holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock:

(i) assume any debt in excess of $250,000; or
(ii) guarantee any debt or other obligations of any other entity.

Section 8. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or
Series S Preferred Stock shall be converted pursuant to Section 5 hereof, the shares so converted or
redeemed shall be cancelled and shal] not be issuable by the corporation. The Certificate of Incorporation
of this corporation shall be appropriately amended to effect the corresponding reduction in the
corporation’s authorized capital stock.

Section 9. Fractional Shares. Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, as
applicable, may be issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such
holder's fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, receive dividends. participate in distributions and to
have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series S Preferred Stock, as
applicable.

ARTICLE 5
(a) The business and affairs of the corporation shal! be managed by or under the direction of

the Board of Directors and elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided
in the Bylaws. The number of directors of the corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the Board

12
DOCSOC/1160594v4/0102 18-0005

of Directors either by a resolution or Bylaw adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire
Board of Directors.

(b) Meetings of the stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware. as the
Bylaws may provide. The books of the corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in
the Delaware Statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from
time to time by the Board of Directors or by the Bylaws of the corporation.

ARTICLE 6

A director of this corporation shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that this provision
shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (1) for any breach of his duty of loyalty to the
corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal
benefit. If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is hereafter amended to authorize
corporate action further limiting or eliminating the personal liability of directors, then the liability of the
directors of the corporation shall be limited or eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as so amended from time to time. Any repeal or modification
of this Article 6 by the stockholders of the corporation shall be prospective only, and shal] not adversely
affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the corporation existing at the time of such
repeal or modification.

ARTICLE 7

The Board of Directors of the corporation shal] have the power to make, alter, amend, change,
add to or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation, subject to Section 7(a)(v) and (vi) of Article 4 hereof.

e* ke &

FOUR: This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board of Directors of this corporation.

FIVE: This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware by the Board of Directors and the stockholders of the corporation. The total
number of outstanding shares entitled to vote or act by written consent was One Million Six Hundred
Twenty Five Thousand (1,625,000) shares of Common Stock and Five Hundred Thousand (500,000)
shares of Series S Preferred Stock. A majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and a two-
thirds majority of the outstanding shares of Series S Preferred Stock approved this Second Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation by written consent in accordance with Section 228 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and written notice was given by the corporation in accordance
with said Section 228.

[Remainder of this Page Intentionally Left Blank]

13
DOCSOC/I 160594v4/01 0218-0005

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, ABDOMINIS, INC. . has caused this Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by the President in Newport Beach, California. this 28thday of
April. 2006.

ABDOMINIS, INC.

WW) bret

George Wallace, President

By:

DOCSOC/1 160594¥4/0102 18-0005
