State of Delaware
Secre of State
Division of Co rations
Delivered 10:17 PM 05/24/2007
FILED 10:02 PM 05/24/2007
SRV 070618643 - 3766848 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
ABLATION FRONTIERS, INC.

Ablation Frontiers, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware (the “Corporation”, certifies that:

A. The name of the Corporation is Ablation Frontiers, Inc. The Corporation’s original
Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
February 19, 2004.

B. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of

Delaware, and restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Corporation’s Certificate
of Incorporation.

C. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is amended and restated to read as set
forth in EXHIBIT A attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Ablation Frontiers, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated

Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Keegan Harper, a duly authorized officer of the
Corporation, on May 24 2007.

3814343 3.D0C
EXHIBIT A
ARTICLE I

The name of the Corporation is Ablation Frontiers, Inc.
ARTICLE IT

The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

ARTICLE III

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange
Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801. The name of the registered agent at such
address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE IV

The total number of shares of stock that the corporation shall have authority to issue is
73,412,859, consisting of 45,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and
28,412,859 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share. The first Series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock” and shall consist of 6,645,002 shares. The
second Series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series B Preferred Stock” and shall consist
of 10,767,857 shares. The third Series of Preferred Stock shall be designated “Series C Preferred
Stock” and shall consist of 11,000,000 shares.

ARTICLE V
The terms and provisions of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock are as follows:
1. Definitions. For purposes of this ARTICLE V, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) “Conversion Price” shall mean $0.60 per share for the Series A Preferred Stock,
$1.40 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock and $2.00 per share for the Series C Preferred Stock
(each subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations).

(b) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares or
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(c) “Corporation” shall mean Ablation Frontiers, Inc.

(d) “Distribution” shall mean the transfer of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise. other than dividends on Common Stock
payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the Corporation for cash or
property other than: (i) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers,
directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment

3814363_4.DOC -2-
or services pursuant to agreements providing for the right of said repurchase, (il) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right,
and (iii) any other repurchase or redemption of capital stock of the Corporation approved by the
holders of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation voting as a separate class in accordance with
Section 6(h) below.

(e) “Dividend Rate” shall mean an annual rate of $0.048 per share for the Series A
Preferred Stock, $0.112 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock and $0.16 per share for the Series
C Preferred Stock (each subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations).

(f) “Liquidation Preference” shall mean $0.60 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock, $1.40 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock and $2.00 per share for the Series C Preferred
Stock (each subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations).

(g) “Options” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(h) “Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.60 per-share for the Series A Preferred
Stock, $1.40 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock and $2.00 per share for the Series C Preferred
Stock (each subject to adjustment from time to time for Recapitalizations).

(i) “Preferred Stock” shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred
Stock and Series C Preferred Stock.

(j) ‘‘Recapitalization” shall mean any stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event.

2. Dividends.

(a) Preferred Stock. The holders of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive dividends out of any assets at the time legally available therefor, prior and
in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock)
on the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock or the Common Stock at the Dividend
Rate for shares of Series C Preferred Stock. No Distributions shall be made with respect to the
Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock or Common Stock until all declared dividends
on the Series C Preferred Stock have been paid or set aside for payment to the holders of Series C
Preferred Stock. After such dividend has been fully paid to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock,
the holders of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends on a pro rata, pari passu basis out of any assets at the time legally
available therefor, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend (payable
other than in Common Stock) on the Common Stock at the Dividend Rate for shares of such series
of Preferred Stock. No Distributions shall be made with respect to the Common Stock until all
declared dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred
Stock have been paid or set aside for payment to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock. The right to receive dividends on shares of Preferred

3814343_4.D0C -3-
Stock shall not be cumulative, and no right to such dividends shall accrue to holders of Preferred
Stock by reason of the fact that dividends on said shares are not declared or paid in any calendar
year.

(b) Common Stock. After payment of the Dividend Rates specified in Section 2(a)
above in any calendar year, additional dividends may be paid on the Common Stock pro rata based
on the number of shares of Common Stock then held by each holder (assuming conversion of all
such Preferred Stock into Common Stock) when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors,
subject to Section 6 below.

(c) Non-Cash Distributions. Whenever a Distribution provided for in this Section 2
shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such Distribution shall be deemed to be the
fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(d) Consent to Certain Distributions. As authorized by Section 402.5(c) of the
California Corporations Code, if Section 502 or Section 503 of the California Corporations Code is
applicable to a payment made by the Corporation then such applicable section or sections shall not
apply if such payment is a payment made by the Corporation in connection with (t) repurchases of
Common Stock issued to or held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation
or its subsidiaries upon termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements
providing for the right of said repurchase, (i) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held by
employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Corporation or its subsidiaries pursuant to rights
of first refusal contained in agreements providing for such right, or (ili) any other repurchase or
redemption of Common Stock or Preferred Stock approved by the holders of Preferred Stock of the
Corporation in accordance with Section 6(h) below.

3. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Series C Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series C Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and tn preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of
the Corporation to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series.B Preferred Stock or Common
Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) the
Liquidation Preference specified for such share of Series C Preferred Stock and (ii) all declared but
unpaid dividends (if any) on such share of Series C Preferred Stock. If upon the liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation legally available for
distribution to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock are insufficient to permit the payment to such
holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(a), then the entire assets of the Corporation
legally available for distribution shall be distributed pro rata among the holders of Series C Preferred
Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by them.

(b) Series A and Series B Liquidation Preference. After the payment to the holders of
Series C Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts specified in Section 3(a), the holders of
Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in
preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common
Stock by reason of their ownership of such stock, an amount per share equal to the sum of (i) the

3814343_4 DOC -4.
Liquidation Preference specified for such share of Preferred Stock and (ii) all declared but unpaid
dividends (if any) on such share of Preferred Stock. If upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, after the payment to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock of the full
preferential amounts specified in Section 3(a), the assets of the Corporation legally available for
distribution to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock are insufficient
to permit the payment to such holders of the full amounts specified in this Section 3(b), then the
entire assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed with equal
priority and pro rata among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock in
proportion to the full amounts they would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section
3(b).

(c) Remaining Assets. After the payment to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full
preferential amounts specified in Section 3(a) and Section 3(b) above, the entire remaining assets of
the Corporation legally available for distribution by the Corporation shall be distributed among the
holders of Common Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them.

(d) Reorganization. For purposes of this Section 3, a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, and unless
determined otherwise by the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock, (a) the acquisition of the Corporation by another entity by means of any transaction
or series of related transactions to which the Corporation is party (including, without limitation, any
stock acquisition, reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any sale of stock for capital
raising purposes) other than a transaction or series of transactions in which the holders of the voting
securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to retain
(cither by such voting securities remaining outstanding or by such voting securities being converted
into voting securities of the surviving entity), as a result of shares in the Corporation held by such
holders prior to such transaction, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by
the voting securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such
transaction or series of transactions; (b) a sale, lease or other conveyance of all or substantially all of
the assets or technology or intellectual property of the Corporation; (c) any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary; or (d) a grant of an exclusive
license to all or substantially all of the Corporation’s intellectual property that is used to generate all
or substantially all of the Corporation’s revenues.

(e) Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation
distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the
Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, except that any publicly-traded securities to be

distributed to stockholders in a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation shall be
valued as follows:

(i) _ Ifthe secunties are then traded on a national securities exchange or
The Nasdaq Global Market (or a similar national quotation system), then the value of the securities
shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or system
over the ten (10) trading day period ending three (3) trading days prior to the Distribution; or

3814343_4.D0C -5-
(ii) if the securities are actively traded over-the-counter, then the value of
the securities shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices of the securities over the ten
(10) trading day period ending three (3) trading days prior to the Distribution.

In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity, the
Distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

For the purposes of this Subsection 3(e), “trading day” shal! mean any day which the
exchange or system on which the securities to be distributed are traded is open and “closing prices”
or “closing bid prices” shall be deemed to be: (i) for securities traded primarily on the New York
Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or The Nasdaq Global Market, the last reported
trade price or sale price, as the case may be, at 4:00 p.m., New York time, on that day and (ii) for
securities listed or traded on other exchanges, markets and systems, the market price as of the end of
the regular hours trading period that is generally accepted as such for such exchange, market or
system. If, after the date hereof, the benchmark times generally accepted in the securities industry
for determining the market price of a stock as of a given trading day shall change from those set
forth above, the fair market value shall be determined as of such other generally accepted benchmark
times.

(f) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the distribution to be made to the
holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3(a) above upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation may be waived, either prospectively or retroactively and either generally or in
a particular instance, by the written consent or vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock. Any such waiver shall bind all future holders of Preferred Stock.

4. Conversion. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows
(the “Conversion Rights’):

(a) Right to Convert. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option
of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share at the office of the
Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, into that number of fully-paid,
nonassessable shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Onginal Issue Price for the
relevant series by the Conversion Price for such series. (The number of shares of Common Stock
into which each share of Preferred Stock of a series may be converted is hereinafter referred to as the
“Conversion Rate” for each such series.) Upon any decrease or increase in the Conversion Price
for any series of Preferred Stock, as described in this Section 4, the Conversion Rate for such series
shall be appropnately increased or decreased.

(b) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Conversion
Rate for such share (i) immediately prior to the closing of a firm commitment underwritten initial
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”), covering the offer and sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock
with aggregate gross proceeds to the Corporation of at least $40,000,000 and is at a price greater
than $6.00 per share, as adjusted for Recapitalizations, or (ii) upon the receipt by the Corporation of
a written request for such conversion from the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the Preferred

3814343_4.D0C -6-
Stock then outstanding, or, if later, the effective date for conversion specified in such requests (each
of the events referred to in (i) and (ii) are referred to herein as an “Automatic Conversion Event’).

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued
upon conversion of Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder would
otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shal] pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then
fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors. For such
purpose, all shares of Preferred Stock held by each holder of Preferred Stock shall be aggregated,
and any resulting fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash. Before any holder of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common Stock, and to
receive certificates therefor, he shall either (A) surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly
endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock or
(B) notify the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or
destroyed and execute an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation
from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that he elects to convert the same; provided, however, that on the date of
an Automatic Conversion Event, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted
automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the
certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent;
provided further, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Automatic Conversion Event unless either the
certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock are delivered to the Corporation or its transfer
agent as provided above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such
certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the
Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such
certificates. On the date of the occurrence of an Automatic Conversion Event, each holder of record
of shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shares of
Preferred Stock shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation, that notice from the
Corporation shall not have been received by any holder of record of shares of Preferred Stock, or
that the certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered to
such holder.

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such delivery, or after such agreement and
indemnification, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which he shall be entitled as aforesaid and
a check payable to the holder in the amount of any cash amounts payable as the result of a
conversion into fractional shares of Common Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the
converted Preferred Stock. Such conversion shal! be deemed to have been made immediately prior
to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be
converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of
Common Stock on such date; provided, however, that if the conversion is in connection with an
underwritten offer of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Act ora merger, sale, financing,
or liquidation of the Corporation or other event, the conversion may, at the option of any holder
tendering Preferred Stock for conversion, be conditioned upon the closing of such transaction or

3814343_4.DOC -7-
upon the occurrence of such event, in which case the person(s) entitled to receive the Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion of the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such
Preferred Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such transaction or the occurrence of such
event.

(d) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definition. For purposes of this paragraph 4(d), “Additional
Shares of Common” shal! mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to paragraph
4(d)(iii), deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the filing of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, other than issuances or deemed issuances of:

(1) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to officers, employees,
directors, consultants, and other services providers of the Corporation pursuant to stock grants,
option plans, purchase plans or other employee stock incentive programs or arrangements approved
in good faith by the Board of Directors;

(2) shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise or conversion of
Options or Convertible Securities outstanding as of the date of the filing of this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation;

(3) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable as a dividend or
distribution on Preferred Stock or pursuant to any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to
paragraph 4(e), 4(f} or 4(g) hereof;

(4) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in a registered public
offering under the Securities Act prior to or in connection with which all outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock will be converted into Common Stock;

(5) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the
acquisition of another entity by the Corporation by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets
or other reorganization or to a joint venture agreement, provided, that such issuances are approved in
good faith by the Board of Directors;

(6) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to banks, equipment
lessors or other financial institutions pursuant to a debt financing or commercial leasing transaction
approved in good faith by the Board of Directors;

(7) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with
sponsored research, collaboration, technology license, development, OEM, marketing or other
similar agreements or strategic partnerships that are primarily for purposes other than raising capital
approved in good faith by the Board of Directors;

(8) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to suppliers or third

party service providers in connection with the provision of goods or services pursuant to transactions
approved in good faith by the Board of Directors; and

3814343_4.D0C -8-
(9) shares of Common Stock which are excluded from the definition of
Additional Shares of Common by the affirmative unanimous vote of the Board of Directors.

(ii) | No Adjustment of Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion
Price of a particular series of Preferred Stock shall be made in respect of the issuance of Additional
Shares of Common unless the consideration per share (as determined pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(iv))
for an Additional Share of Common issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than
the Conversion Price in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to such issue, for such series of
Preferred Stock.

(iii) | Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common, In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or
Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number
of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities, the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities or, in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
Options and the conversion or exchange of the underlying securities, shall be deemed to have been
issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close

of business on such record date, provided that in any such case in which shares are deemed to be
issued:

(1) no further adjustment in the Conversion Price of any series of
Preferred Stock shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of
Common Stock in connection with the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities;

(2) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms provide,
with the passage of time or otherwise, for any change in the consideration payable to the Corporation
or in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange
thereof (other than a change pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of such Options or Convertible
Securities such as this Section 4(d) or pursuant to Recapitalization provisions of such Options or
Convertible Securities such as Sections 4(e), 4(f) and 4(g) hereof), the Conversion Price of the
Preferred Stock and any subsequent adjustments based thereon shall! be recomputed to reflect such
change as if such change had been in effect as of the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence
of the record date with respect thereto);

(3) no readjustment pursuant to clause (2) above shall have the effect
of increasing the Conversion Price of a series of Preferred Stock to an amount above the Conversion
Price that would have resulted from any other issuances of Additional Shares of Common and any

other adjustments provided for herein between the original adjustment date and such readjustment
date;

(4) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of
conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the

3814343_4.D0C -9-
Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the
occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) and any subsequent adjustments based thereon
shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if:

(a) in the case of Convertible Secunties or Options for
Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common issued were the shares of Common Stock, if
any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually
received by the Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options plus the consideration actually
received by the Corporation upon such exercise or for the issue of all such Convertible Securities
which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually
received by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange, and

(b) in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, only the
Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of
issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of
Common deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the
Corporation for the issue of such exercised Options, plus the consideration deemed to have been
received by the Corporation (determined pursuant to Section 4(d){iv)) upon the issue of the
Convertible Securities with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; and

(5) if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or
Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in
the Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of
business on such record date, and thereafter the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this
paragraph 4(d)(iii) as of the actual date of their issuance.

(6) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional
Shares of Common. In the event this Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common
(including Additional Shares of Common deemed to be issued pursuant to paragraph 4(d)(iii))
without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the applicable Conversion Price of a
series of Preferred Stock in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issue, then, the
Conversion Price of the affected series of Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such
issue, to a pnice (calculated to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by
a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such issue plus the number of shares which the aggregate consideration
received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional Shares of Common so issued would
purchase at such Conversion Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue plus the number of such Additional
Shares of Common so issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be
reduced at such time if the amount of such reduction would be less than $0.01, but any such amount
shall be carried forward, and a reduction will be made with respect to such amount at the time of,
and together with, any subsequent reduction which, together with such amount and any other
amounts so carried forward, equal $0.01 or more in the aggregate. For the purposes of this
Subsection 4(d)(6). all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding shares

3814343_4.D0C -10-
of Preferred Stock and the exercise and/or conversion of any other outstanding Convertible
Securities and all outstanding Options shall be deemed to be outstanding.

(iv) Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Subsection 4(d),
the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue (or deemed issue) of any Additional
Shares of Common shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property. Such consideration shall:

(a) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate
amount of cash received by the Corporation before deducting any reasonable discounts,
commissions or other expenses allowed, paid or incurred by the Corporation for any underwriting or
otherwise in connection with such issuance;

(b) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors; and

(c) in the event Additional Shares of Common are issued
together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for consideration which
covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (a)
and (b) above. as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share
received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common deemed to have been issued pursuant
to paragraph 4(d)(ii1) shall be determined by dividing

(x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Corporation as
consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate
amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to
any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for
Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities by

(y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the
instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(v) All calculations in this Article V Section 4 shall be made to the nearest
cent or to the nearest hundredth (1/100) ofa share, as the case may be. If any Conversion Price
adjustment would otherwise result in a Conversion Price equal to less than $0.01, then such
Conversion Price shall be adjusted to $0.01.

(e) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Common Stock. In the event
the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided (by stock split, by payment of a stock

3814343_4.D0C -ll-
dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price of
the Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of shares
of Common Stock, the Conversion Prices in effect immediately prior to such combination shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately increased.

(f) Adjustments for Subdivisions or Combinations of Preferred Stock. In the event
the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be subdivided (by stock
split, by payment of a stock dividend or otherwise), into a greater number of shares of Preferred
Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and Liquidation Preference of the affected series of
Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall, concurrently with the
effectiveness of such subdivision, be proportionately decreased. In the event the outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock or a series of Preferred Stock shall be combined (by reclassification or otherwise)
into a lesser number of shares of Preferred Stock, the Dividend Rate, Original Issue Price and
Liquidation Preference of the affected series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such
combination shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately
increased.

(g) Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. Subject to
Section 3 above (“Liquidation Rights”), if the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Preferred Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any other class or
classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization, reclassification or otherwise (other than a
subdivision or combination of shares provided for above), then, in any such event, in lieu of the
number of shares of Common Stock which the holders would otherwise have been entitled to receive
each holder of such Preferred Stock shall have the right thereafter to convert such shares of Preferred
Stock into a number of shares of such other class or classes of stock which a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock immediately
before that change would have been entitled to receive in such reorganization or reclassification, all
subject to further adjustment as provided herein with respect to such other shares.

(h) No Impairment. The Corporation will not through any reorganization, transfer of
assets, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by
the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 4(h) shall prohibit the
Corporation from amending its Certificate of Incorporation with the requisite consent of its
stockholders and the Board of Directors.

(i) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation at its expense shall
promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish
to each holder of Preferred Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation
shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Preferred Stock, furnish or cause to be
furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustments and readjustments, (ii) the
Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the

3814343_4.D0C -12-
amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of
Preferred Stock.

(j) Waiver of Adjustment of Conversion Price. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of Series A Preferred Stock may be
waived by the consent or vote of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding shares
of such series either before or after the issuance causing the adjustment. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of Series B Preferred
Stock may be waived by the consent or vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of such series either before or after the issuance causing the adjustment. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, any downward adjustment of the Conversion Price of Series C
Preferred Stock may be waived by the consent or vote of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%)
of the outstanding shares of such series either before or after the issuance causing the adjustment.

(k) Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Preferred Stock, such number of its
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock shail not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion
of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

5. Voting.

(a) Restricted Class Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
required by law, the holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock shall vote together
and not as separate classes.

(b) No Series Voting. Other than as provided herein or required by law, there shall
be no series voting.

(c) Preferred Stock. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of
votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock held
by such holder could be converted as of the record date. The holders of shares of the Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to vote on al] matters on which the Common Stock shall be entitled to vote. Holders
of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the
Bylaws of the Corporation. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional
voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of
Preferred Stock held by each holder could be converted), shall be disregarded.

(d) Election of Directors.

(i) So long as at least 500,000 shares (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) of
Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a

3814343_4.DOC -13-
separate class, shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at
cach meeting or pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of
directors. So long as at least 500,000 shares (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series B Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect one (1) member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant
to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors. So long as at least
500,000 shares (as adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1)
member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or pursuant to each consent of the
Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors.

(ii) | The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Corporation’s stockholders for the election of directors; provided,
however, that one (1) such member shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, if any.

(iii) | Any additional members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors shall
be elected by mutual consent of the holders of Common Stock voting as a separate class and the
holders of Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class. Ifa vacancy on the Board of Directors is to be
filled by the Board of Directors, only directors elected by the same class or classes of stockholders as
those who would be entitled to vote to fill such vacancy shall vote to fill such vacancy.

(e) Adjustment in Authonzed Common Stock. The number of authorized shares of
Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding) by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital
stock of the Corporation.

(f) Common Stock, Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one
vote tor each share thereof held.

6. Amendments and Changes.
(a) Preferred Series Voting.

(i) Series A Preferred Stock. As long as at least 500,000 shares (as
adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series A Preferred Stock shall be issued and outstanding, the
Corporation shall not, directly or indirectly, by merger or otherwise, without first obtaining the
approval (by vote or written consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, amend, alter or repeal any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation (including any
filing of a Certificate of Designation) if such action would adversely alter the rights, preferences,
privileges or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series A Preferred Stock in a
manner that does not so affect the entire class of Preferred Stock.

(ii) Series B Preferred Stock. As long as at least 500,000 shares (as
adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series B Preferred Stock shal] be issued and outstanding, the

3814343_4.DOC -]4-
Corporation shall not, directly or indirectly, by merger or otherwise, without first obtaining the
approval (by vote or written consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, amend, alter or repeal any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation (including any
filing of a Certificate of Designation) if such action would adversely alter the rights, preferences,
privileges or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series B Preferred Stock in a
manner that does not so affect the entire class of Preferred Stock.

(iii) | Series C Preferred Stock. As long as at least 500,000 shares (as
adjusted for Recapitalizations) of Series C Preferred Stock shall be issued and outstanding, the
Corporation shall not, directly or indirectly, by merger or otherwise, without first obtaining the
approval (by vote or written consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least sixty percent
(60%) of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, amend, alter or repeal any provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation (including any
filing of a Certificate of Designation) if such action would adversely alter the rights, preferences,
privileges or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series C Preferred Stock in a
manner that does not so affect the entire class of Preferred Stock.

(b) Preferred Class Voting. As long as 500,000 shares (as adjusted for
Recapitalizations) of Preferred Stock shall be issued and outstanding, the Corporation shall not,
directly or indirectly, by merger or otherwise, without first obtaining the approval (by vote or written
consent as provided by law) of the holders of at least 60% of the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock:

(i) | increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Preferred
Stock or Common Stock;

(ii) | authorize or create (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or
series of stock or any other securities convertible into equity securities having rights, preferences or
privileges with respect to dividends, rights of redemption, payments upon liquidation, or voting
senior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock;

(ii1) enter into any transaction or series of related transactions deemed to be
a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation pursuant to Section 3(d) above;

(iv) increase or decrease the size of the Board of Directors;

(v) authorize the sale of securities of the Corporation to.a third party by a
subsidiary of the Corporation;

(vi) repurchase or redeem any shares of the Common Stock (or stock or
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock) other than repurchases from
officers, directors, employees, or consultants of the Corporation as a result of the termination of such
person’s service relationship with the Corporation as approved by the Board of Directors; or

3814343_4.D0C -15-
(vii) declare or pay any Distribution with respect to the Preferred Stock
(other than as set forth in Section 3 hereof) or Common Stock of the Corporation; or

(viii) | enter into any material agreement affecting the Corporation’s right to
compete other than in the ordinary course of business or licensing the Corporation’s intellectual
property rights.

7. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this ARTICLE V to be given to the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be deemed given if deposited in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at such holder’s address appearing on the books of
the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
ARTICLE VII

Elections of directors need not be by wnitten ballot unless a stockholder demands election by
written ballot at the meeting and before voting begins or unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall
so provide.

ARTICLE VII

Unless otherwise set forth herein, the number of directors which constitute the Board of
Directors of the Corporation shall be designated in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE Ix

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors
of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

ARTICLE X

1. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same
exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for a breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

2. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a
director, officer or employee of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation or serves or
served at any other enterprise as a director, officer or employee at the request of the Corporation or
any predecessor to the Corporation.

3814343_4.D0C -16-
3. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this ARTICLE X, nor the adoption of any
provision of this Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this ARTICLE X, shall
eliminate or reduce the effect of this ARTICLE X, in respect of any matter occurring, or any action
or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this ARTICLE X, would accrue or arise, prior to
such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE XI
Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws
may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the

statutes) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to
time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

3814343 4.DOC -17-
