RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
’ OF
ACCELCHIP, INC.

(Originally incorporated on July 18, 2000
under the name Mach Design Systems, Inc.)

AccelChip, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that the Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the corporation attached hereto as Exhibit “A”, which is incorporated herein by
this reference, and which restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation as heretofore amended or supplemented, has been .
duly adopted by the corporation's Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with
Sections 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, with the approval of the
Corporation's stockholders having been given by written consent without a meeting in
accordance with Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said corporation has caused this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to be signed by its by duly authorized officer this 25th day of October, 2004 and
the foregoing facts stated herein are true and correct.

ACCELCHIP, INC.

By: _/s/ Vin Ratford
Vin Ratford
President and Chief Executive Officer

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division of Corporations
Delivered 01:58 PM 10/25/2004
FILED 01:58 PM 10/25/2004

SRV 040767731 - 3261449 FILE
" 23807/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4

Exhibit “A”
1.

CorporateName. The name of the corporation. is “AccelChip, Inc.
(the Corporation’).

I.

Registcred Office. The address of the registered office of the Corporation is
Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle.
The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is The Corporation Trust
Company.

Il.

Corporate Purpose. The nature of the business of the Corporation or the purposes of
the Corporation to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law (“GCL”).

IV.

(A) Authorized Shares of Capital Stuck. The total number of shares of all classes
of stock which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is Forty Million Eight Hundred
Forty-Eight Thousand Twenty-Six (40,848,026) shares, of which Twenty-Five Million
(25,000,000) shares are Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, and Fifteen Million Eight
Hundred Forty-Eight Thousand Twenty-Six (15,848,026) shares are Preferred Stock, $0.001 par
value.

{B) The number of. authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation (voting together on
an “as-if-converted” basis).

(C) | Two Hundred Sixty-Three Thousand Five Hundred Thirty-Eight (263,538) of the
authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series A Preferred Stock” (the
“Series A Preferred”), Six Million Five Hundred Eighty-four Thousand Four Hundred
Eighty-Eight (6,584,488) of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated
“Scries B Preferred Stock” (the “Series B Preferred”), and Nine Million (9,000,000) of the
authorized shares of Preferred Stock are hereby designated “Series C Preferred Stock” (the
“Series C Preferred,” and together with the Series A Preferred and the Series B Preferred, the
“Preferred Stock”’).

(D) Effective upon the filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each
twenty (20) outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation will be combined into and
automatically become one (1) outstanding share of Common Stock of the Corporation and the
authorized shares of the Corporation shall remain as set forth in this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation. Effective upon the filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each ten

23807/000 10/DOC S/1468224.4

5

(10) outstanding shares of Series A Preferred will he combined into and automatically become
one (1) outstanding share of Series A Preferred, and each 9.645973 outstanding shares of
Series B Preferred will be combined into and automatically become one (1) outstanding share of
Series B Preferred. The authorized shares of the Corporation shall remain as set forth in this
Restated Certificate of Incorporation. No fractional share shall be issued in connection with the
‘foregoing stock split(s); all shares of a class or series of capital stock so split that are held by a
sharcholder will be aggregated by such class or series subsequent to the foregoing split and the
corporation shall pay in cash the fair value of such fractional shares, as determined in good faith
by the corporation’s Board of Directors when thosc entitled to receive such fractional shares are
determined.

(E) The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters rclating to the
Preferred Stock are as follows:

1. Dividend Rights.

a. The holders of Series C Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Common Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred and the holders of Series B Preferred, shall be
entitled to receive when and as declared by the Board of Directors, but only out of tunds that are
legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of eight percent (8%) of the Series C
Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of Scrics C
Preferred (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like
with respect to such shares (“‘As Adjusted”) during any year in which a dividend is declared.
The “Series C Original Issue Price” shall be seventy-seven and twenty-five thousandths cents
($0.77025) per share, As Adjusted. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as and if
declared by the Board of Directors.

b. The holders of Series B Preferred, in preference to the holders of _
Common Stock and the holders of Series A Preferred but subordinate and subject to the
preference of the holders of the Series C Preferred, shall be entitled to receive when and: as
declared by the Board of Dircctors, but only out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash
dividends at the rate of eight percent (8%) of the Serics B Original Issue Price (as detined below)
per annum on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred (As Adjusted) during any year in
which a dividend is declared. The “Series B Original Issue Price” shall be one dollar forty-threc
and two ten-thousandths cents ($1.430002) per share, As Adjusted. Such dividends shall be
payable only when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors.

c. The holders of Series A Preferred, in preference to the holders of
Common Stock but subordinate and subject to the preference of the holders of the Series B
Preferred, shall be entitled to receive when and as declared by the Board of Directors, but only
out of funds that are legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of eight percent (8%) of
the Series A Original Issue Price {as defined below) per annum on each outstanding share of
Series A Preferred (As Adjusted) during any year in which a dividend is declared. The “Series A
Original Issue Price” shall be ten dollars ($10.00) per share, As Adjusted. Such dividends shall
be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors.

2 23807/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4
d. So long as any shares of Preferred Stock shal] be outstanding, no
dividend, whether in cash or property, shall be paid or declared, nor shall any other distribution
be made, on any Common Stock, nor shall any shares of any Common Stock of the Corporation
be purchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for value by the Corporation (except for
acquisitions of Common Stock by the Corporation pursuant to agreements which permit the
Corporation to repurchase such shares upon termination of services to the Corporation or in -
exercise of the Corporation’s right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer) until all dividends
(set forth in Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 1(c) above), whether or not earned or declared, on the
Preferred Stock shall have been paid or declared and set apart. In the event dividends are paid on
any share of Common Stock, the holders of Preferred Stock shall participate in such dividends
pro rata on an “as-if-converted” basis.

2. Voting Rights.

a. General Rights. Except as othcrwise provided herein or as
required by law, the Preferred Stock shall be voted along with the shares of the Common Stock
of the Corporation and not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of
the Corporation, and may act by written consent in the same manner as the Common Stock, in
either case upon the following basis: each holder of shares of Preterred Stock shall be entitled to
such number of votes as shall be equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which
such shares of Preferred Stock are then convertible (with any fractional sharc determined on an
ageregate conversion basis being rounded to the nearest whole number, with one half being
rounded up).

b. Separate Vote of Preferred. So long as any shares of Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent required herein or by law, the
vote or written consent of the holders of at Icast a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class on an “as-if-converted” basis, shall be necessary for
effecting or validating the following actions: .

(1) Any amendment, alteration, repeal or waiver of any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation (including, without
limitation, any filing of a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights (a “Certificate of
Designation”)) that alters or changes the voting or other powers, preferences, or other special
rights, privileges or restrictions of the Series A Preferred, Serics B Preferred or Series C
Preferred;

(2) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock;

(3) Any authorization or any designation, whether by
reclassification or otherwise, of any new class or series of stock or any other securities
convertible into equity securities of the Corporation ranking on a parity with or senior to any
series of Preferred Stock in right of redemption, liquidation preference or dividends or any
increase in the authorized or designated number of any such new class or series;

3 23807/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4

(4) Any redemption, repurchase, payment of dividends or other
distributions, or declaration of such dividend or distribution, with respect to Common Stock or
Preferred Stock (except for redemptions of Series C Preferred and Series B Preferred pursuant to
Section 6, acquisitions of Common Stock by the Corporation pursuant to agreements which
permit the Corporation to repurchase such shares upon termination of services to the
Corporation, upon termination of a person’s employment with the Corporation, or in exercise of
the Corporation's right of first refusal upon a proposed transfer) or any action resulting in any of
the foregoing;

(5) Any voluntary dissolution or liquidation of the
Corporation;

(6) Any agreement regarding an Asset Transfer or Acquisition
(each as defined in Section 3(c)); or

(7) Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of
members of the Corporation’s Board of Directors.

3. Liquidation Rights.

a. Upon any Acquisition (as defined below), Asset Transfer (as
defined below), liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation (each a “Liquidity
Event”), whether voluntary or involuntary, before any distribution or payment shall be made to
the holders of any Series B Preferred, Series A Preferred or Common Stock, the holders of
Series C Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation an amount per
sharc of Series C Preferred equal to the Series C Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid
dividends on the Series C Preferred, As Adjusted, for each share of Series C Preferred held by
- them (the “Series C Fixed Preference”).

Tf, upon such Liquidity Event, the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to make
payment in full to all holders of Series C Preferred of the Series C Fixed Preference sct forth in
this Section 3(a), then such assets.shall be distributed among the holders of Series C Preferred at
the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be
entitled.

b. After the payment in full of the Series C Fixed Preference as set
forth in Section 3(a) above, the holders of Series B Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of
the assets of the Corporation an amount per share of Series B Preferred equal to the Series B
Original Issue Price plus all declared and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred, As
Adjusted, for cach share of Series B Preferred held by them (the “Series B Fixed Preference”).
Such right shall be subordinate and subject to the right upon a Liquidity Event of the Series C
Preferred to receive the Sertes C Fixed Preference.

If, upon such Liquidity Event, after satisfaction in full of the Scries C Fixed Preference,
the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of
Series B Preferred of the Series B Fixed Preference set forth in this Section 3(b), then such assets
shall be distributed among the holders of Series B Preferred at the time outstanding, ratably in
proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be entitled.

4 2380 7/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4

c. After the payment in full of the Series C Fixed Preference and the
Series B Fixed Preference as set forth in Section 3(a) and Section 3(b) above, the holders of
Series A Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation an amount per
share of Series A Preferred equal to the Series A Original Issue Price plus all declared and
unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred, As Adjusted, for each share of Series A Preferred
held by them (the “Series A Fixed Preference”). Such right shall be subordinate and subject to
the right upon a Liquidity Event of the Series C Preferred to receive the Series C Fixed
Preference and the right of the Series B Preferred to receive the Series B Fixed Preference.

If, upon such Liquidity Event, afler satisfaction in full of the Series C Fixed Preference
and the Series B Fixed Preference, the assets of the Corporation shal! be insufficient to make
payment in full to all holders of Series A Preferred of the Series A Fixed Preference set forth in
this Section 3(c), then such assets shall be distributed among the holders of Series A Preferred at
the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be
entitled.

d. After the payment in full of the Series C Fixed Preference as set
forth in Section 3(a) above, the payment in full of the Series B Fixed Preference as set forth in
Section 3(b) above and the payment in full of the Series A Fixed Preference as set forth in
Section 3(c) above, the assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution, if any, shall be
distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock on an “as-if-
converted” basis.

e. For the purposes of Section 3 (unless otherwise agreed by the
holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class on an ‘‘as-if-converted” basis):

; (1) An “Acquisition” shall mean any consolidation or merger
of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or other entity or Person, or any other
corporate reorganization, in which the stockholders of the Corporation (other than any
stockholder or stockholders of the Corporation that (A) merges or combines with the Corporation
in such combination transaction or (B) owns or controls a majority of another corporation that
merges or combines with the Corporation in such combination transaction (an “Acquinng
Stockholder”)) immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, retain or
receive on account of their securitics of the Corporation less than fifty percent (50%) of the
surviving entity s (or its parent’s) voting power immediately after such consolidation, merger or
reorganization (including voting power of the surviving entity (or its parent) held by an
Acquiring Stockholder), or any transaction or series of related transactions in which in excess of
fifty percent (50%) of the Corporation’s voting power is acquired by a Person or a group of
Persons;

(2) an “Asset Transfer” shall mean a sale, lease or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation; and

(3) “Person” means an individual, a corporation, a partnership,

a limited liability company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or governmental organization
or an agency or political subdivision thereof.

5 23807/00010/DOCS/1468224.4

f. In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be
received is securities of a corporation or other property other than cash, its value will be deemed
its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

4. Conversion Rights. The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have the
following rights with respect to the conversion of the Preferred Stock into shares of Common

Stock (the “Conversion Rights”):

a. Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 4, any shares of Scrics A Preferred, Series B Preferred or Series C
Preferred may, at the option of the holder, be converted at any time into fully-paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock to which a
holder of Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred or Series C Preferred shall be entitled upon
conversion shall be the product obtained by multiplying the applicable “Series Preferred
Conversion Rate” then in effect (determined as provided in Section 4(b)) by the number of
shares of such series of Preferred Stock being converted.

b. Series Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate in effect at
any time for conversion of a series of Preferred Stock (the “Series Preferred Conversion Ratc”)
shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Original Issue Price of such series of Preferred
Stock by the applicable “Series Preferred Conversion Price,” calculated as provided in
Section 4(c).

c. Conversion Price. After giving effect to the filing of this Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, the conversion price for the Series A Preferred shall initially be
ten dollars ($10.00) (the “Series A Preferred Conversion Price”), the conversion price for the
Series B Preferred shall initially be one dollar forty-three and two ten-thousandths cents
($1.430002) (the “Series B Preferred Conversion Price”), and the conversion price for the
Series C Preferred shall initially be seventy- seven and twenty-five thousandths cents ($0.77025)
(the “Series C Preferred Conversion Price,” and together with the Series A Preferred Conversion
Price and the Series B Preferred Conversion Price, the “Series Preferred Conversion Prices’).
Such initial Series Preferred Conversion Prices shall be adjusted from time to time after the date
of filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation in accordance with this Section 4. All
references to a “Serics Preferred Conversion Price” herein shall mean the applicable
“Series Preferred Conversion Price as so adjusted.

d. Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Preferred Stock who
desires to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4 shall
surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or
any transfer agent for such series of Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the
Corporation at such office that such holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the
number of shares of each series of Preferred Stock being converted. Thereupon, the Corporation
shall promptly (but in no event more than three (3) business days after delivery of the notice
required by the first sentence of this Section 4(d) issue and deliver at such office to such holder a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is
entitled (including fractional shares). In lieu of issuing fractional shares, the Board of Directors
may elect to pay in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board of

6 2380700010/DOCS/1468224.4

Directors as of the date of conversion) the value of any fractional share of Common Stock
otherwise issuable to any holder of Preferred Stock as a rcsult of such conversion. Such
conversion shall he deemed to have been made at the close of business on the date of such
surrender of the certificates representing the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the
person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be
treated for all purposcs as the record holder of such shares of Common Stock on such date.

€. Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation
shall at any time or from time to time after the date of filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation effect a subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock without a corresponding
subdivision of such series of Preferred Stock, the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price in
effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased. Conversely, if the
Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the date of filing of this Restated
Certificate of Incorporation combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares without a corresponding combination of such series of Preferred Stock, the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shall
be proportionately increased. Any adjustment under this Section 4(e) shall become effective at
the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective:

f. Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions. If the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the date of filing of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation makes, or fixes a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock
entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common
Stock, in each such event the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price that is then in effect
shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such record date is fixed, as of
the close of business on such record datc, by multiplying the applicable Series Preferred
Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
or the close of business on such record date and (ii) the denominator of which is the total number
of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such
issuance or the close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution.

g. Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. If at
any time or from time to time after the date of filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
the Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of such series of Preferred Stock is changed
into the same or a different number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by
recapitalization, reclassification or otherwise (other than an Acquisition or Asset Transfer that is
deemed to constitute a liquidation or a subdivision or combination of shares or stock dividend or
a reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets provided for elsewhere in this
Section 4), in any event each holder of such series of Preferred Stock shall have the right
thereafter to convert such stock into the kind and amount of stock and other securities and
property receivable upon such recapitalizations, reclassification or other change by holders of the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of such series of Preferred
Stock could have been converted immediately prior to such recapitalization, reclassification or
change, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other
securities or property by the terms thereof.

7 23807/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4

h. Reorganizations, Mergers or Consolidations. If at any time or
from time to time after the date of filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, there is a
capital reorganization of the Common Stock or the merger or consolidation of the Corporation
with or into another corporation or another entity or person (other than an Acquisition or Asset
Transter that is deemed to constitute a liquidation or a recapitalization, subdivision, combination,
reclassification, exchange or substitution of shares provided for elsewhere in this Section 4), as a
part of such capital reorganization, provision shall be made so that the holders of each series of
Preferred Stock shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of such series of Preferred
Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the corporation to which a °
holder of the number of share of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been
entitled on such capital reorganization, subject to adjustment in respect of such stock or
securities by the terms thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the
application of the provisions of this Section 4 with respect to the rights of the holders of each
series of Preferred Stock after the capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this
Section 4 (including adjustment of the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price then in
effect and the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the such series of Preferred Stock)
shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.

i. Sale of Shares Below Series C Preferred Conversion Price.

(1) If at any time or from time to time after the date of filing of
this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Corporation issues or sells, or is deemed by the
express provisions of this Section 4(i) to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common
Stock (as defined in Section 4(i)(4) below), other than as a dividend or other distribution on any
class of stock as provided in Section 4(f) above, and other than a subdivision or combination of
shares of Common Stock as provided in Section 4(e) above, for an Effective Price (as defined in
Section 4(i)(4) below) less than the then existing Series C Preferred Conversion Price, then and
in each such case the then existing Series Preferred Conversion Prices shall be reduced, as of the
opening of business on the date of such issue or sale, to a price determined by multiplying the
applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale
by a fraction:

(a) the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock decmed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale, plus (B)the number of sharcs of Common Stock which the Aggregate
Consideration (as defined below) received by the Corporation for the total number of Additional
Shares of Common Stock so issued would purchase at the Series C Preferred Conversion Price,
and

(b) — the denominator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock decmed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale plus the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued.

For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of

shares of Common Stock deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A) the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock

8 23807/00010/DOCS/1468224.4

into which the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock could be converted if fully converted
on the day immediately preceding the given date.

(2) _ For the purpose of making any adjustment required under
this Section 4(i), the consideration received by the Corporation for any issuc or sale of securities
(the “Aggregate Consideration’’) shall (A) to the extent it consists of cash, be computed at the net
amount of cash received by the Corporation after deduction of any underwriting or similar
commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the Corporation in connection
With such issue or sale but without deduction of any expenses payable by the Corporation, (B) to
the extent it consists of property other than cash, be computed at the fair market value of that
property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, and (C) if Additional Shares of
Common Stock, Convertible Securities (as defined in Section 4(i)(3)) or rights or options to
purchase either Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold
together with other stock or sccurities or other assets of the Corporation for a consideration
which covers both, be computed as the portion of the consideration so received that may be
reasonably determined in good faith by the Board of Directors to be allocable to such Additional
Shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or rights or options.

(3) For the purpose of the adjustment required under this
Section 4(i), if the Corporation issues or sells (i) stock or other securities convertible into
Additional Shares of Common Stock (such convertible stock or securities being herein referred
to as “Convertible Securities”) or (ii) rights, warrants or options for the purchase of Additional
Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and if the Effective Price of such Additional
Shares of Common Stock is less than the Series C Preferred Conversion Price, the Corporation
shall be deemed to have issued at the time of the issuance of such rights or options or
Convertible Securities the maximum number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise or conversion thercof and to have received as consideration for the issuance of
such shares an amount equal to the total amount of the consideration, if any, received by the
Corporation for the issuance of such rights, warrants or options or Convertible Securities, plus, in
the case of such rights or options, the minimum amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such rights or options, plus, in the case of Convertible
Securities, the minimum amounts of consideration, if any, payable to the Corporation (other than
by cancellation of liabilities or obligations cvidenced by such Convertible Securities) upon the
conversion thereof; provided, that if in the case of Convertible Securitics the minimum amounts
of such consideration cannot be ascertained, but are a function of antidilution or similar
protective clauses, the Corporation shall be deemed to have received the minimum amounts of
considcration without reference to such clauses; provided further, that if the minimum amount of
consideration payable to the Corporation upon the exercise or conversion of nights, warrants or
options or Convertible Securities is reduced, or the number of Additional Shares of Common
Stock issued upon such exercise or conversion is increased, over time or on the occurrence or
non-occurrence of specified events other than by reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective
Price shal! be recalculated using the figure to which such minimum amount of consideration is
reduced or the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be recalculated
using the figure to which the number of such shares is increased; provided further, that if the
minimum amount of consideration payable to the Corporation upon the excrcise or conversion of
such rights, options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased, or the number of
Additional Shares of Common Stock issued upon such exercise or conversion is subsequently

9 23807/00010/DOCS/1468224.4
decreased, over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified events other than by
reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective Price shall be again recalculated using the
increased minimum amount of consideration payable to the Corporation upon the exercise or
conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities, or the number of Additional Shares
of Common Stock to be issued shall be again recalculated using the figure to which the number
of such shares is decreased. No further adjustment of the Series Preferred Conversion Prices, as
adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities, shall be made as a
result of the actual issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock on the exercise of any such
rights or options or the conversion of any such Convertible Securities. If any such rights or
options or the conversion privilege represented by any such Convertible Securities shall expire
without having been exercised, the Series Preferred Conversion Prices as adjusted upon the
issuance of such rights, options or Convertible Securities shall be readjusted to the
Series Preferred Conversion Prices which would have been in effect had an adjustment been
made on the basis that the only Additional Shares of Common Stock so issucd were the
Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold on the exercise of such rights
or options or rights of conversion of such Convertible Securities, and such Additional Shares of
Common Stock, if any, were issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the
Corporation upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by the
Corporation for the granting of all such rights or options, whether or not exercised, plus the
consideration received for issuing or selling the Convertible Securities actually converted, plus
the consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation (other than by cancellation of
liabilities or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the conversion of such
Convertible Securities.

(4) “Additional Shares of Common Stock’ shall mean all
shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation or deemed to be issued pursuant to this
Section 4(i), other than (A) shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of the outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock or upon the conversion of Preferred Stock acquired upon exercise
of outstanding warrants to purchase Preferred Stock; (B) three million three hundred seventy-five
thousand five hundred forty-nine (3,375,549) shares of Common Stock and/or options, warrants
or other Common Stock purchase rights, and the Common Stock issued pursuant to such options,
warrants or other rights to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the
Corporation or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans or other
arrangements that were previously approved by the Board of Directors or that are subsequently
approved by the holders of a majority of the Preferred Stock; and (C) shares of Common Stock
issucd (or deemed issued) as to which the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class on an “as-if-converted” basis) consent in
writing to such shares not being treated as Additional Shares of Common Stock. The “Effective
Price” of Additional Shares of Common Stock shall mean the quotient determined by dividing
the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold, or deemed to have been
issued or sold by the Corporation under this Section 4(i), into the aggregate consideration
received, or deemed to have been received by the Corporation for such issue under this
Section 4(i), for such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

j. Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or

readjustment of an applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price for the number of shares of
Common Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of such series of Preferred Stock, if

10 23807/00010/DOCS/1468224.4
such series of Preferred Stock is then convertible pursuant to this Section 4, the Corporation, at
its expense, shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the provisions
hereof and prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and shall mail such
certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each registered holder of such series of
Preferred Stock at the holder’s address as shown in the Corporation’s books. The certificate
shall set forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based, including a statement of (i) the consideration received or
deemed to be received by the Corporation for any Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or
sold or deemed to have been issued or sold, (ii) the applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price
at the time in effect, (iii) the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock, and (iv) the type
and amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon conversion of
such series of Preferred Stock.

k. Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Corporation of
a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders
thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) any Acquisition or
other capital reorganization of the Corporation, any reclassification or recapitalization of the
capital stock of the Corporation, any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any
other corporation, or any Assct Transfer, or any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the Corporation, the Corporation shall mail to each holder of a series of
’ Preferred Stock at least ten (10) days prior to the record date specified therein (or such shorter
period approved by a majority of the outstanding Series C Preferred) a notice specifying (A) the
date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution and
a description of such dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which any such Acquisition,
reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution,
liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to be
fixed as to when the holders of record of Common Stock and Preferred Stock (or other sccurities)
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for securities or
other property deliverable upon such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer,
consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

1. Automatic Conversion.

QQ) Each share of Scries A Preferred, Series B Preferred and
Series C Preferred shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the
then-effective applicable Series Preferred Conversion Price, (A) at any time upon the affirmative
election of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred, or
(B) immediately upon the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the
offer and sale of Common Stock for the account of the Corporation in which the gross cash
proceeds to the Corporation (before underwriting discounts, commissions and fees) are at least
$35,000,000 (a “Qualified IPO”). Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid
dividends shall be paid in cash. .

(2) Upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in

Section 4(1) above, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted automatically
without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates

11 23807/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4
representing such shares arc surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent, provided,
however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificatcs cvidencing the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of
Preferred Stock are either delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent as provided below, or
the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost,
stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation to
indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates.
Upon the occurrence of such automatic conversion of the Preferred Stock, the holders of such
series of Preferred Stock shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of
the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Preferred Stock. Thereupon, there shall be issued
and delivered to such holder promptly at such office and in its name as shown on such
surrendered certificate or certificates, a certificate or certificate for the number of shares of
Common Stock into which the Preferred Stock surrendered were convertible on the date on
which such automatic conversion occurred, and any cumulated and unpaid dividends shall be
paid, in accordance with the provisions of Section 4(d).

m. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation
shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common

Stock, solely for the purpose of cffecting the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock, such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all outstanding shares of each series of Preferred Stock. If at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the
conversion of all then outstanding shares of each series of Preferred Stock, the Corporation will
take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its
authorized by unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purpose.

n. Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 4
shalt be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party
to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the
recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five (5) days after having been sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one (1) day after
deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with
verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to each holder of record at the address of
such holder appearing on the books of the Corporation.

0. Payment of Taxes. The Corporation will pay all taxes (other than
taxes based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with respect to
the issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of shares of a series of
Preferred Stock, excluding any tax or other charge imposed in connection with any transfer
involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other than that in which
the shares of such series of Preferred Stock so converted were registered.

p. No Dilution or Impairment. Without the consent of the holders of
then outstanding shares Series A Preferred, Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred (voting
together as a single class on an “as-if-converted” basis) as required under Section 2(b), the
Corporation shall not amend its Certificate of Incorporation or participate in any reorganization,

12 23807/00010/DOCS/1468224.4
Asset Transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or take any other
voluntary action, for the purpose of avoiding or seeking to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but shall at all
times in good faith assist in carrying out all such action as may be reasonably necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of each series of Preferred
Stock against dilution or other impairment.

5. Board of Directors.
a. The Board of Directors shall consist of five (5) members.
b. For so long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the

holders of the Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate class on an as-if-converted basis,
shall be entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board of Directors, and lo remove from office
such directors and to fill any vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such
directors.

c. The holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class on an as-if-converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all remaining
members of the Board of Directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any
vacancy caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.

6. Redemption.

a. The Corporation shall be obligated to redeem the Series C
Preferred as follows:

(1) The holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred, voting together as a single class, may require the Corporation, to the
extent it may lawfully do so and subject to any liquidation preference rights which may have
been previously invoked under Section 3 hereof, to redeem the Series C Preferred in three
(3) annual installments beginning not prior to the fifth anniversary of the date on which the first
share of Series C Preferred is issued by the Corporation (the “Original Issue Date”), and ending
on the date two (2) years from such first redemption date (each a “Series C Redemption Date”);
provided that immediately following any such redemption, the Corporation shall have
outstanding one (1) or more shares of one (1) or more classes or series of stock, which share, or
shares together, shall have full voting rights. Such rights to redeem Series C Preferred will have
priority over any similar rights to redeem Series B Preferred. The Corporation shall effect such
redemptions on the applicable Series C Redemption Date by paying in cash in exchange for the
shares of Series C Preferred to be redeemed a sum cqua! to the Series C Original Issue Price per
share of Series C Preferred (As Adjusted) plus declared and unpaid dividends with respect to
such shares. The total amount to be paid for the Series C Preferred is hereinafter referred to as
the “Series C_ Redemption Price.” The number of shares of Series B Preferred that the
Corporation shall be required to redeem on any one Series C Redemption Date shall be equal to
the amount determined by dividing (A) the aggregate number of shares of Series C Preferred
outstanding immediately prior to the Series C Redemption Date by (B) the number of remaining
Series C Redemption Dates {including the Series C Redemption Date to which such calculation

13 ; 23807/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4
applies). Shares subjcct to redemption pursuant to this Section 6(a) shall be redeemed from each
holder of Series C Preferred on a pro rata basis, based on the number of shares then held.

(2) At least thirty (30) days but no more than sixty (60) days
prior to the first Series C Redemption Date, the Corporation shall scnd a notice (a “Series C
Redemption Notice”) to all holders of Series C Preferred to be redeemed setting forth (A) the
portion of the Series C Redemption Price payable for the shares to be redeemed and (B) the place
at which such holders may obtain payment of the applicable portion of the Series C Redemption
Price upon surrender of their share certificates. If the Corporation does not have sufficient funds
legally available to redeem all shares to be redeemed at thc Series C Redemption Date
(including, if applicable, those to be redeemed at the option of the Corporation), then it shall so
notify such holders and shall redeem such share pro rata (based on the portion of the aggregate
Series C Redemption Price payable to them) to the extent possible and shall redeem the
remaining shares to be redeemed as soon as sufficient funds are legally available.

b. The Corporation shall be obligated to redeem the Series B
Preferred as follows:

(1) The holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
shares of Series B Preferred, voting together as a single class, may require the Corporation, to the
extent it may lawfully do so and subject to any Siquidation preference rights which may have
been previously invoked under Section 3 hereof and to the redemption rights of the Series C
Preferred which may have been previously invoked under Section 6(a) hereof, to redeem the
Series B Preferred in three (3) annual installments beginning not prior to the fifth anniversary of
the Original Issue Date, and ending on the date two (2) years from such first redemption date
(each a “Series B Redemption Date,” and together with the Series C Redemption Dates, each a
“Redemption Date”); provided that immediately following any such redemption, the Corporation
shall have outstanding one (1) or more shares of one (1) or more classes or series of stock, which
share, or shares together, shall have full voting rights. The Corporation shall effect such
redemptions on the applicable Series B Redemption Date by paying in cash in exchange for the
shares of Series B Preferred to be redeemed a sum equal to the Series B Original Issue Price per
share of Series B Preferred (As Adjusted) plus declared and unpaid dividends with respect to
such shares. The total amount to be paid for the Series B Preferred is hereinafter referred to as
the “Series B Redemption Price,” and together with the Series C Redemption Price, each a
“Redemption Price”). The number of shares of Series B Preferred that the Corporation shall be
required to redeem on any one Series B Redemption Date shall be equal to the amount
determined by dividing (A) the aggregate number of shares of Series B Preferred outstanding
immediately prior to the Series B Redemption Date by (B) the number of remaining Series B
Redemption Dates (including the Series B Redemption Date to which such calculation applies).
Shares subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 6(b) shall be redeemed from each holder of
Series B Preferred on a pro rata basis, based un the number of shares then held.

(2) At least thirty (30) days but no more than sixty (60) days
prior to the first Series B Redemption Date, the Corporation shall send a notice (a “Series B
Redemption Notice”) to all holders of Series B Preferred to be redeemed setting forth (A) the
portion of the Series B Redemption Price payable for the shares to be redeemed and (B) the place
at which such holders may obtain payment of the applicable portion of the Series B Redemption

14 23807/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4
Ul

Price upon surrender of their share ccrtificates. If the Corporation does not have sufficient funds
legally available to redeem all shares to be redeemed at the applicable Series B Redemption Date
(including, if applicable, those to be redeemed at the option of the Corporation), then it shall so
notify such holders and shall redeem such share pro rata (based on the portion of the aggregate
Series B Redemption Price payable to them) to the extent possible and shall redeem the
remaining shares to be redeemed as soon as sufficient funds are legally available.

c. . Onor prior to each Redemption Date, the Corporation shall deposit
the portion of the applicable Redemption Price payable in respect of all shares to be redeemed
with a bank or trust company having aggregate capital and surplus in excess of $100,000,000, as
a trust fund, with irrevocable instructions and authority to the bank or trust company to pay, on
and after such Redemption Date, the portion of the applicable Redemption Price payable in
respect of the shares to their respective holders upon the surrender of their share certificates.
Any moneys deposited by the Corporation pursuant to this Section 6(c) for the redemption of
shares thereafter converted into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 hcreof no later
than the fifth (Sth) day preceding the applicable Redemption Date shall be returned to the
Corporation forthwith upon such conversion. The balance of any funds deposited by the
Corporation pursuant to this Section 6(c) remaining unclaimed at the expiration of one (1) year
following such Redemption Date shall be returned to the Corporation promptly upon its written
request.

d. On or after each such Redemption Date, each holder of shares of
Series C Preferred or Series B Preferred to be redeemed shall surrender such holder’s certificates
representing such shares to the Corporation in the manner and at the place designated in the
Redemption Notice, and thereupon the portion of the applicable Redemption Price payable in
respect of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name appears on such
certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be canceled.
In the event less than all the shares represented by such certificates are redeemed, a new
certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares. From and after such Redemption
Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the portion of the applicable
Redemption Price payable or the Corporation is unable to pay the portion of the applicable
Redemption Price due to not having sufficient Icgally available funds, all rights of the holder of
such shares as holder of Series C Preferred or Series B Preferred (except the right to receive the
portion of the applicable Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificates),
shall cease and terminate with respect to such shares; provided that in the event that shares of
Sctries C Preferred or Series B Preferred are not redeemed due to a default in payment by the
Corporation or because the Corporation does not have sufficient legally available funds, such
shares of Series C Preferred or Series B Preferred shall remain outstanding and shall be entitled
to all of the rights and preferences provided herein until redeemed.

e. In the event of a call for redemption of any shares of Series C
Preferred or Series B Preferred, the Conversion Rights (as defined in Section 4) for such Series C
Preferred or Series B Preferred shall terminate as to the shares designated for redemption at the
close of business on the fifth (Sth) day preceding the applicable Redemption Date, unless default
is made in payment of the Redemption Price.

15 23807/0001 0/DOCS/1468224.4
V.

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot, unless otherwise provided in the
Bylaws.

Vi

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of
Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to adopt, alter and repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation.

Vii.

To the fullest extent permitted by the GCL, a director of the Corporation shall not liable
to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director. All references in this paragraph to a director shall also be deemed to refer to such other
person or persons, if any, who, pursuant to any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation in
accordance with subsection (a) of Section 141 of Title 8 of the GCL, exercise or perform any of
the powers or duties otherwise conferred or imposed upon the board of directors by Title 8 of the
GCL. The Corporation shall indemnify each director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of the
Corporation and each person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise in the manner and to the fullest extent provided in Section 145 of the
GCL as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended.

VIIL.

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between the Corporation and its
creditors or any class of them and/or between the Corporation and its stockholders or any class of
them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in
a summary way of the Corporation or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed
for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of Title 8 of the GCL or on the
application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed for the Corporation
under the provisions of Section 279 of Title 8 of the GCL order a meeting of the creditors or
class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the
case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court dirccts. If a majority in number
representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the
stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any
compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of the Corporation as a consequence of
such compromise or arrangement, said compromise or arrangement and said reorganization shall,
if sanctioned by the court to which said application has been made, be binding on all the
creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of the
Corporation, as the case may be, and also on this Corporation.

16 23807/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4
IX.
The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision

contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by
statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

17 23807/000 10/DOCS/1468224.4
