State of Delaware
Secre of State
Division o. Corporations
Delivered 05:05 PM 06/10/2010
FILED 05:05 PM 06/10/2010
SRV 100647526 - 3670071 FILE

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
ACCELERON PHARMA INC.

Acccleron Pharma Inc., a corporation organizcd and existing under the laws of the state
of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:

l. ‘This Corporation's original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware on Junc 13, 2003 under the name “phoenix pharma, Inc.”

2. This Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation was amended and restated on
February 4, 2004.
3. This Corporation’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was

further amended on July 20, 2004 and December 19, 2005 and amended and restated on July 28,
2006, and further amended and restated on October 23, 2007 and March 10. 2008 and restated on
March 24. 2008. and further amended on June 25, 2009 and November 6, 2009, and further
amended and restated on Yecember 3, 2009, and further amended on March 17, 2010.

4. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted by
this Corporation's Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with the applicable
provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware.

5. The Certificate of Incorporation of this Corporation is hereby amended and
restated to read in full as follows:

“FIRST: The name of the corporation (the “Corporation’) is Acceleron Pharma Inc.

SECOND: The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of
Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road. Suite 400. in the City of Wilmington in the County of New
Castle, and the name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

THIRD: The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to
engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the Gencral
Corporation Law of Delaware.

FOURTH: The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation has
authority to issuc is 155,887,572 shares, consisting of 91,515,101 shares of Common Stock, par
value 5.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), 26,069,980 shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share (tae “Series A Preferred Stock”), 16,944,378 shares of
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share (the “Series B Preferred Stock”),
11,923,077 shares of Serics C Convertible Preferred Stock. par value $.001 per share (the “Series
C Stock”), 2.014.652 shares of Serics C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share
(the “Series C-1 Stock” and, together with the Scries C Stock, the “Series C Preferred Stock”).

24664081 7. DOC

955,414 shares of Serics D Convertible Preferred Stock. par valuc $.001 per share (the “Series D
Stock”), 2,802,548 shares of Series 1-1} Convertible Preferred Stock. par value $.001 per share
(the “Serics D-1 Stock” and, together with the Series D Stock, the “Series D Preferred Stock”),
and 3,662,422 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par valuc $.001 per share (the
“Series E Preferred Stock”). The Serics A Preferred Stock. the Series B Preferred Stock, the
Series C Preferred Stock, the Series D Preferred Stock and the Series I! Preferred Stock are
referred to herein as the “Preferred Stock”).

The powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, in respect of cach class or series of stock of the Corporation shall be as follows:

Section |. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Liquidation Payments.

(1) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of shares of the Series E
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be paid first. on a pari passu basis, out of the assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to holders of the Corporation's capital stock of all classes
the greater of (A) the Special Serics I? Liquidation Payment plus all dividends accrued or
declared thereon but unpaid, to and including the date full payment shall be tendered to the
holders of the Series I! Preferred Stock with respect to such liquidation, dissolution or winding
up or (B) such amount per share of Serics E Preferred Stock as would have been payable had
such share been converted into Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of Section 2
immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

The “Special Series E Liquidation Payment” shail mean an amount, per share of Scries E
Preferred Stock, equal to (1) 1.22%(x/365) (ic 1.22 raised to the power (x/365)) multiplied by (2)
$3.14 (which amount shall be subject to equitable adjustment whenever there shall occur a stock
dividend, stock split, combination of shares, reclassification or other similar event with respect to
the Scries |. Preferred Stock), where “x” is equal to the number of days clapsed from the date of
issuance of such share of Serics E Preferred Stock to the date of the applicable liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. Deemed U.iquidation Event (as
defined below), sale, conversion or other applicable event.

If the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to the
holders of the Series E Preferred Stock of all amounts so distributable to them. then the entire
assets of the Corporation available for such distribution shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of the Series F. Preferred Stock in proportion to the full prefcrential amount each such
holder is otherwise entitled to receive under this Subsection | (a)(i).

No payment shall be made with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock, the Series C
Preferred Stock, the Serics B Preferred Stock, the Scries A Preferred Stock and the Common
Stock unless and until full payment has been made to the holders of the Series FE Preferred Stock
of the amounts thev are entitled to receive under this Subsection | (a)(i).

24664081 7.DOC

i)

(ii) After such payments shall have been made in ful! to the holders of
the Scrics E Preferred Stock. or funds necessary for such payments shall have been sct aside by
the Corporation in trust for the account of holders of Series |i Preferred Stock so as to be
available for such payments, the holders of shares of the Series D Preferred Stock shall then be
entitled to be paid, on a pari passu basis, out of the remaining assets of the Corporation available
for distribution to holders of the Corporation's capital stock of all classes the greater of (A) $3.14
per share of Series D Preferred Stock (which amount shall be subject to equitable adjustment
whenever there shall occur a stock dividend. stock split. combination of sharcs, reclassification
or other similar event with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock) plus all dividends accrued or
declared thereon but unpaid, to and including the date full payment shall be tendered to the
holders of the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to such liquidation, dissolution or winding
up or (B) such amount per share of Serics D Preferred Stock as would have been payable had
such share been converted into Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of Section 2
immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

If the assets of the Corporation shal] be insufficient to permit the payment in full to the
holders of the Scrics D Preferred Stock of all amounts so distributable to them, then the entire
assets of the Corporation available for such distribution after payment has been made in full
pursuant to Subsection 1(a){i) shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Serics D
Preferred Stock in proportion to the full preferential amount cach such holder is otherwise
entitled to receive under this Subsection 1(a)(ii).

No payment shall be made with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, the Scrics
B Preferred Stock, the Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock unless and until full
payment has been made to the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock of the amounts they are
entitled to receive under this Subsection |(a){ii).

(ili) After such payments shall have been made in full to the holders of
the Series E Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock. or funds necessary for such
payments shall have been set aside by the Corporation in trust for the account of holders of the
Series E Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock so as to be available for such
payments, the holders of shares of the Series C Stock and Series C-1 Stock shall then be entitled
to be paid, on a pari passu basis, out of the remaining assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to holders of the Corporation's capital stock ofall classes the greater of (A) $2.60
per share of Scries C Stock and $2.73 per share of Scrics C-1 Siock (which amount. in cach case,
shall be subject to cquitable adjustment whenever there shall occur a stock dividend, stock split,
combination of sharcs, reclassification or other similar event with respect to the Series C Stock
or Series C-1 Stock, respectively) plus all dividends accrued or declared thereon but unpaid, to
and including the date full payment shall be tendered to the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock with respect to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up or (B) such amount per share of
Series C Preferred Stock as would have been payable had such share been converted into
Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of Section 2 immediately prior to such liquidation,
dissolution or winding up.

24664081 7 DOC

Lor)

If the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to the
holders of the Series C Preferred Stock of all amounts so distributable to them, then the entire
assets of the Corporation available for such distribution after payment has been made in full
pursuant to Subsections 1({a){i) and |(a)(ii) shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock in proportion to the full preferential amount cach such holder is
otherwise entitled to reccive under this Subsection I(a)(ili).

No payment shall be made with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock. the Series A
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock unless and until full payment has been made to the
holders of the Series C Preferred Stock of the amounts they are entitled to reccive under this
Subsection 1(a)(iii).

(iv) — After such payments shall have been made in full to the holders of
the Series E Preferred Stock. the Series D Preferred Stock and the Series C Preterred Stock, or
funds necessary for such payments shall have been set aside by the Corporation in trust for the
account of holders of the Series FE Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock and Series C
Preferred Stock so as to be available for such payments, the holders of shares of the Series B
Preferred Stock shall then be entitled to be paid, on a pari passu basis, out of the remaining asscts
of the Corporation available for distribution to holders of the Corporation’s capital stock of all
classes the greater of (A) $1.85 per share (which amount shall be subject to equitable adjustment
whenever there shall occur a stock dividend, stock split. combination of shares, reclassification
or other similar event with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock) plus all dividends accrued or
declared thereon but unpaid, to and including the date full payment shall be tendered to the
holders of the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to such liquidation, dissolution or winding
up or (B) such amount per share of Series B Preferred Stock as would have been payable had
such share been converted into Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of Section 2
immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

If the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to the
holders of the Series B Preferred Stock of all amounts so distributable to them. then the entire
assets of the Corporation available for such distribution after payment has been made in full
pursuant to Subsections I(a)(i), 1(a)(ii) and }(a)(iil) shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the full prelerential amount each such
holder is otherwise entitled to receive under this Subsection |(a)(iv).

No payment shall be made with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock and the Common
Stock unless and until full payment has been made to the holders of the Serics B Preferred Stock
of the amounts they are entitled to reccive under this Subsection I(a)(iv).

(v) After such payments shall have been made in full to the holders of
the Series E Preferred Stock, the Serics ID Prelerred Stock. the Series C Preferred Stock and the
Series B Preferred Stock, or funds necessary for such payments shall have been set aside by the
Corporation in trust for the account of holders of the Series 2 Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred
Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock so as to be available for such
payments. the holders of shares of the Serics A Preferred Stock shall then be entitled to be paid.

24664081_7.D0C

on a pari passu basis, out of the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to
holders of the Corporation's capital stock of all classes the greater of (A) $1.00 per share (which
amount shall be subject to cquitable adjustment whenever there shall occur a stock dividend,
stock split, combination of shares, reclassification or other similar event with respect to the
Series A Preferred Stock) plus all dividends accrued or declared thereon but unpaid, to and
including the date full payment shall be tendered to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
with respect to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up or (B) such amount per share of Series
A Preferred Stock as would have been payable had such share been converted into Common
Stock pursuant to the provisions of Section 2 immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution
or winding up.

If the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to the
holders of the Serics A Preferred Stock of all amounts so distributable lo them. then the entire
assets of the Corporation available for such distribution alter payment has been made in full
pursuant to Subsections I(a)(i), I(a)(ii). 1(a)(ili) and 1(a)(iv) shall be distributed ratably among
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the full preferential amount cach
such holder is otherwise entitled to reccive under this Subsection |(a)(v).

No payment shall be made with respect to the Common Stock unless and until full
payment has been made to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of the amounts they are
entitled to receive under this Subsection 1(a){v).

(vi) | After such payments shall have been made in full to the holders of
the Scrics E Preferred Stock, the Series D Preferred Stock, the Series C Prelerred Stock. the
Series B Preferred Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock, or funds necessary for such payments
shall have been set aside by the Corporation in trust for the account of holders of the Series E
Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock. Serics B Preferred Stock
and the Series A Preferred Stock so as to be available for such payments. the remaining assets
available for distribution shall be distributed among the holders of the Common Stock ratably in
proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock then held by them.

(vii) Upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock into shares of
Common Stock pursuant to Section 2 below, the holders of such Common Stock shall not be
entitled to any preferential payment or distribution in case of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up, but shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets of the Corporation to all the
holders of Common Stock.

(viii) The amounts pavable with respect to shares of the Scries I
Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Serics B Preferred Stock
and the Series A Preferred Stock under this Subsection I(a) are sometimes hercinalter referred to
as “Series k Liquidation Payments,” “Series LD) Liquidation Payments,” “Series C Liquidation
Payments,” “Series [3 liquidation Payments” and the “Series A Liquidation Payments,”
respectively.

24664081 7. DOC

(b) Distributions Other than Cash. Whenever any portion of the distributions
provided for in this Section | shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such
property shall be the fair market valuc of such property as determined in good faith by the Board
of Directors of the Corporation. The Corporation shall give prompt written notice of such
valuation to each holder of the Series E Preferred Stock, Serics D Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock.

(c) Merger as Liquidation. ete. The following events shall be deemed to be a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation tor purposes of this
Section | with respect to the Scries E Preferred Stock, Series 1) Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock (a “Deemed Liquidation
Event”), unless the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the then outstanding shares
of the Series E Preferred Stock. voting as a separate class, and the holders of at least two-thirds
of the then outstanding shares of the Series E Preferred Stock, Serics D Stock and Scries C
Preterred Stock. voting together as a single class, clect to the contrary by written notice thereof
to the Corporation at Icast three days before the effective date of such event, in which case such
event shall not be a Deemed Liquidation vent: (1) the merger or consolidation of the
Corporation into or with another corporation (except one in which the holders of capital stock of
the Corporation immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to hold a majority in
voting power of the capital stock of the surviving corporation, in which case the provisions of
Subsection 2(h) shall apply). (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation
or (iii) the sale of shares representing 50% or more of the voting power of the Corporation (but
excluding bona fide cquity financing transactions). ‘he Corporation shall not have the power to
effect any transaction constituting a Deemed Liquidation [vent pursuant to Subsection 1(c)(i)
above unless the agreement or plan of merger or consolidation provides that the consideration
payable to the stockholders of the Corporation shall be allocated among the holders of capital
stock of the Corporation in accordance with Subsection (a) above.

(d) Notice. In the event the Corporation shall propose lo undertake any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation (including any merger.
consolidation or sale of assets which may be a Deemed U.iquidation Event under Subsection
I{c)), the Corporation shall, within ten (10) days alter the date the Board of Directors approves
such action or twenty (20) days prior to any stockholders” mecting called to approve such action,
whichever is earlier, give cach holder of Series F Preferred Stock. Scrics D Preferred Stock,
Series C Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Serics A Preferred Stock initial written
notice of the proposed action. Such initial written notice shall describe the material terms and
conditions of such proposed action. including a description of the stock, cash and property to be
received by the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock. Series C
Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock and holders of Common
Stock upon consummation of the proposed action and the proposed date of delivery thercof. If
any material change in the facts set forth in the initial notice shall occur, the Corporation shall
promptly give cach holder of Series E Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock, Series C
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock written notice of such
material change. ‘he Corporation shall not consummate any such proposed liquidation,
dissolution or winding up before the expiration of thirty (30) days after the mailing of the initial

24664081 7 DOC


notice or twenty (20) days after the mailing of any subsequent written notice, whichever is later,
provided that any such 30-day or 20-day period may be shortened or waived as to the Series E
Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock, Serics C Preferred Stock, Serics B Preferred Stock or
Series A Preferred Stock, respectively, upon the writtcn consent of the holders of at least two-
thirds of the outstanding shares of cach of the Series E Preferred Stock, Series D Stock. Series C
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Serics A Preferred Stock, respectively. Any holder
of outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock, Series [ID Preferred Stock. Series C Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock may waive any notice required by
this Subsection by a written instrument specifically indicating such waiver.

Section 2. Conversion. ‘he holders of Scries E Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred
Stock, Series C Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and Scrics A Preferred Stock shall
have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”):

(a) Right to Convert; Conversion Price. Each share of Scries LE: Preferred Stock.
Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Scrics B Preferred Stock and Scries A
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, without the payment of any additional consideration by the
holder thereof and at the option of the holder thereof. at any time after the date of issuance of
such share. at the oftice of the Corporation or any transfer agent for the Series E Preferred Stock,
Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Stock. Series C-1 Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and Series
A Preterred Stock, into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
as is determined by dividing, $3.14 in the case of the Series E Preferred Stock, $3.14 in the case
of the Serics D Preferred Stock, $2.60 in the case of the Series C Stock, $2.73 in the case of the
Series C-1 Stock. $1.85 in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, and $1.00 in the case of the
Series A Preferred Stock (in each casc, subject to equitable adjustment whenever there shall
occur a change in the capital structure of the Series I. Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock,
Series C Stock, Series C-] Stock. Scries B Preferred Stock and Scrics A Preferred Stock,
respectively). by the Series E Conversion Price, Series D Conversion Price, Serics C Conversion
Price, Series C-! Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price and Scrics A Conversion Price.
respectively. determined as hereinafter provided, in effect at the time of conversion. The Series
E Conversion Price, Series D Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price. Series C-]
Conversion Price. Serics B Conversion Price and Series A Conversion Price at which shares of
Common Stock shall be deliverable upon conversion of Series I; Preferred Stock, Scries D
Preferred Stock, Serics C Stock, Series C-1 Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series A
Preferred Stock, respectively, without the payment of any additional consideration by the holder
thereof (respectively, the “Scrics E Conversion Price.” the “Series D Conversion Price,” “Series
C Conversion Price,” “Series C-1 Conversion Price,” “Scries B Conversion Price” and “Serics A
Conversion Price’) shall initially be $3.14 per share of Common Stock for the Serics E Preferred
Stock, $3.14 per share of Common Stock for the Series D Preferred Stock, $2.60 per share of
Common Stock for the Series C Stock, $2.73 per share of Common Stock for the Scrics C-1
Stock, $1.85 per share of Common Stock for the Series B Preferred Stock and $1.00 per share of
Common Stock for the Series A Preferred Stock. Such initial Series LE Conversion Price, Series
D Conversion Price. Series C Conversion Price. Series C-] Conversion Price, Series B
Conversion Price and Series A Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment, in order to adjust
the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series E Preferred Stock, Series D

24664081 7.DOC

Preferred Stock, Serics C Stock, Series C-] Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series A
Preferred Stock is convertible, as hereinafter provided.

The right of conversion with respect to any shares of Preferred Stock which shall have
been called for redemption under Section 6 hercof shall terminate at the close of business on the
day fixed for redemption unless the Corporation shall default in the payment of the redemption
price, in which case the right of conversion with respect to such shares shall continue unless and
until such redemption price is paid in full.

(b) Automatic Conversion.

(i) Each share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock at the Series A Conversion Price. Serics B Conversion Price. Series C-
1 Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price, Serics D Conversion Price or Series FE
Conversion Price, as the case may be, then in effect upon the closing of a firm commitment
underwritten public offering led by an investment banking firm acceptable to the holders of two-
thirds of the then outstanding Scries E Preferred Stock, Series D Stock. Series C Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class. pursuant to an cflective
registration statement under the Sccuritics Act of 1933. as amended, covering the offer and sale
of Common Stock for the account of the Corporation to the public at an offering price per share
of not less than $9.42 per share (as adjusted to reflect any stock dividends, distributions,
combinations, reclassifications or other like transactions effected by the Corporation in respect of
its Common Stock) and with gross proceeds to the Corporation of not less than $50.000,000
(prior to underwriters’ discounts and commissions) (a “Qualified IPO”) (in the event of which
offering, the person(s) entitled to reccive the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of
the Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted the Preferred Stock until the closing
of such offering). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Preferred Stock shall be subject
to automatic conversion pursuant to this Secticn 2(b)(i) in connection with an underwritten
public offering that otherwise meets the requirements of this Section 2(b)(i) (x) al an offering
price per share that is between $3.70 and $9.42 (as adjusted to reflect any stock dividends.
distributions, combinations, reclassifications or other like transactions effected by the
Corporation in respect of its Common Stock). if the holders of at least two-thirds of the then
outstanding Series E Preferred Stock, Series D Stock. Serics C Preferred Stock and Series B
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, shall have consented to such automatic
conversion; or (y) at an olfcring price per share that is less than $3.70 (as adjusted to reflect any
stock dividends, distributions, combinations, reclassifications or other like transactions effected
by the Corporation in respect of its Common Stock). ifthe holders of at least two-thirds of the
then outstanding Scries B Preferred Stock. voting as a separate class, and the holders of at least
75% of the then outstanding Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Stock and Series E. Preferred
Stock. voting together as a single class, shall have consented to such automatic conversion.

(ii) In addition to the requirements of Section 2(b)(i). but subject to
Section 2(b)(iil), in connection with an underwritten public offering not otherwise meeting the
requirements of Scction 2(b)(i), each share of Serics A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock.
Series C-! Stock. Series C Stock, Series D Preferred Stock and Scries [E Preferred Stock shall

24664081_7 DOC

automatically be converted effective upon and subject to the closing of such firm commitment
underwritten public offering into shares of Common Stock at the Series A Conversion Price,
Series B Conversion Price, Series C-| Conversion Price. Scrics C Conversion Price, Series D
Conversion Price and Series E Conversion Price then in effect, as the case may be, upon the
written election of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then outstanding shares of the Scries B
Preferred Stock. Series C Preferred Stock. Serics D Stock and Scries E Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class, to require such mandatory conversion.

(ili) | Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 2(b)(i) and 2(b)(ii), in
any conversion of the Series E Preferred pursuant to Section 2(b)(i) or 2(b)(ii) effective upon and
subject to the closing ofa firm commitment underwritten public offering in which the offering
price per share at which shares of Common Stock are sold in the offering (the “Public Offering
Price Per Share’) is less than $9.42 (as adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations, recapitalizations or like occurrences, including any such occurrences to be
effected in connection with such offering), cach share of Series I: Preferred outstanding
immediately prior to such closing shall be convertible into a number of shares of Common Stock
equal to the greater of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock such share of Series E
Preferred is then convertible into as of such date pursuant to the other provisions of this Section
2 and (y) the quotient obtained by dividing the Special Series E Liquidation Payment calculated
as if the date of such underwritten public offering was the datc of liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation (as adjusted to reflect stock splits. stock dividends, stock
combinations, recapitalizations or like occurrences, including any such occurrences to be
effected in connection with such offering) by the Public Offering Price Per Share, rounded up to
the nearest one-tenth of a share (for example. ifthe Public Offering Price Per Share is $5.00 at a
time when the Special Serics E Liquidation Payment is $7.00, then cach share of Series F
Preferred would, under clause (y) above, be convertible into 1.4 shares of Common Stock ($7.00
+ $5.00 = 1.4)).

(c) Mechanics of Automatic Conversions. Upon the occurrence of an event
specified in Subsection 2(b). the shares of the applicable serics of Preferred Stock shall be
converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or
not the certificates representing such shares are surrendered to the Corporation or ils transfer
agent; provided, however, that al] holders of shares of Preferred Stock being converted shall be
given written notice of the occurrence of the event specitied in Subsection 2(b) triggering such
conversion, including the date such event occurred (the “Mandatory Conversion Date’), and the
Corporation shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion unless certificates evidencing such shares of Preferred Stock
being converted are cither delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent. or the holder notilies
the Corporation or any transfer agent that such certificates have been lost. stolen, or destroyed
and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from
any loss incurred by it in connection therewith. On the Mandatory Conversion Date, all rights
with respect to the applicable series of Preferred Stock so converted shall terminate, except any
of the rights of the holder thereof, upon surrender of the holder’s certificate or certificates
therefor, to receive certificates for the number of sharcs of Common Stock into which such series
of Preferred Stock has been converted, including after giving effect to the provisions of

24664081_7 DOC

Subsection 2(b)(iii), together with cash in an amount cqual to all dividends declared but unpaid
on, and any and all other amounts owing with respect to, the shares of Prelerred Stock converted
to and including the time of conversion. Upon the automatic conversion of the Preferred Stock,
the holders of such Preferred Stock shall surrender the certificates representing such shares at the
office of the Corporation or of its transfer agent. |f so required by the Corporation, certificates
surrendered for conversion shal! be endorsed or accompanicd by written instrument or
instruments of transfer. in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered
holder or by the holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing. Upon surrender of such certificates
there shall be issued and delivered to such holder, or to such holder’s nominee or nominees
promptly at such office, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock
into which the shares of Preferred Stock surrendered were convertible on the date on which such
automatic conversion occurred, together with cash in an amount cqual to all dividends declared
but unpaid on, and any and all other amounts owing with respect to, the shares of Preferred Stock
converted to and including the time of conversion. Upon the automatic conversion of the
Preferred Stock, all shares of Preferred Stock being converted by any holder thereof shall be
aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of shares of Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled, and no fractional share of Common Stock shall be issued. In lieu of any
fractional share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash
equa! to such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of the Common Stock on the
Mandatory Conversion Date, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors in good faith.

(d) Mechanics of Optional Conversions. Before any holder of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common Stock, the holder shall surrender the
certificate or certificates therefor at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at such office that the holder
elects to convert the same and shall state therein the holder's name or the name or names of the
holder’s nominees in which the holder wishes the certificate or certificates for shares of Common
Stock to be issued. On the date of conversion, all rights with respect to the Preferred Stock so
converted shall terminate, except any of the rights of the holder thercol. upon surrender of the
holder’s certificate or certificates thercfor, to receive certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock has been converted and cash in an amount equal
to all dividends declared but unpaid on, and any and all other amounts owing with respect to, the
shares of Preferred Stock being converted to and including the time of conversion. 1f so required
by the Corporation, certificates surrendered tor conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by
written instrument or instruments of transter, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly
executed by the registered holder or by the holder's attorney dulv authorized in writing. Upon
the optional conversion of the Preferred Stock, all shares of Preferred Stock being converted by
any holder thereof shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of shares of
Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled. and no fractional share of Common Stock
shall be issued. In lieu of any fractional share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled,
the Corporation shall pay cash cqual to such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date of conversion. as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors in
good faith. The Corporation shall. promptly after surrender of the certificate or certificates for
conversion. issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Preferred Stock, or to the holder’s
nominee or nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to

246640817. DOC

which the holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. together with cash in licu of any fraction ofa
share and cash in an amount equal to all dividends declared but unpaid thercon and any and all
other amounts owing with respect thereto at such time. Unless otherwise specified by the holder
in the written notice of conversion. such conversion shall be deemed to have been made
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the sharcs of Preferred
Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such
shares of Common Stock on such date.

(ec) Adjustments to Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

(i) Special Definitions. For purposes of this Subsection 2(e), the
following definitions shall apply:

(1) “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire cither Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(2) “Original Issuc Date” shall mean. with respect to the Serics A
Preferred Stock, the first date on which a share of Serics A Preferred Stock was issucd, with
respect to the Series B Preferred Stock. the first date on which a share of Series B Preferred
Stock was issued, with respect to the Series C Stock, the first date on which a share of Series C
Stock was issued, with respect to the Series C-] Stock, the first date on which a share of Series
C-1 Stock was issued. with respect to the Series D Stock, the first date on which a share of Series
D Stock was issued. with respect to the Series 1-1 Stock, the first date on which a share of Series
D-1 Stock was issued, and with respect to the Series E Preferred Stock, the first date on which a
share of Series E Preferred Stock was issued.

(3) “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of
indebtedness. shares of capital stock (other than Common Stock) or other securitics directly or
indirectly convertible into or exchangcable for Common Stock.

(4) “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all shares of
Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Subsection 2(e)(iil), deemed to be issued) by the
Corporation after the applicable Original Issue Date, other than:

(A) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of shares of Series Preferred Stock, Series ID Preferred Stock. Series C Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock;

(B) up to 13,400,000 shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable to employces, consultants or directors of the Corporation pursuant to (i) the
Corporation's 2003 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan or (ii) any other stock or employee.
consultant or director compensation arrangement (including but not limited to individual option
agreements and restricted stock agreements) approved by a majority of the Corporation’s Board
of Directors. which majority includes a majority of the Preferred Stock Directors (as hercinafier

24664081_7.00C

defined); and provided that such number may be adjusted upward with the approval of the
holders of at least two-thirds of the Preferred Stock then outstanding as provided in Section 3(b):

(C) shares of Common Stock issued in considcration for the
acquisition or licensing of technology or a corporate partnership transaction, if approved by the
Board of Directors, including a majority of the Preferred Stock Directors:

(D) shares of Common Stock issued in equipment Icasing
or other debt financing transactions, if approved by the Board of Directors, including a majority
of the Preferred Stock Directors;

({E) shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities issued as a dividend or distribution on the Preferred Stock:

(F) shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities issued by reason of a dividend, stock split, split-up or other distribution on shares of
Common Stock that is covered by paragraph 2(f) or 2(g) of this Section 2;

(G) shares of Common Stock issued in connection with the
Corporation’s initial public offering of its Common Stock: or

(11) shares of Scries E Preferred Stock and stock purchase
warrants issued pursuant to the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and Warrant Purchase
Agreement dated on or about June 10. 2010.

(ii) No Adjustment of Conversion Price. /:xcept as set forth in Subsection
2(e)(vi), no adjustment in the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Preferred Stock
is convertible shall be made. by adjustment to the Series 1: Conversion Price, Series D
Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price, Series C-1 Conversion Price. Series B Conversion
Price or Series A Conversion Price. as applicable. in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares
of Common Stock (a) unless the considcration per share for an Additional Share of Common
Stock (determined pursuant to Subsection 2(¢)(v)) issued or deemed to be issued by the
Corporation is less than the Series E Conversion Price, Serics D Conversion Price, Series C
Conversion Price, Series C-1 Conversion Price. Scrics B Conversion Price or Scries A
Conversion Price, as applicable, in effect on the datc of, and immediately prior to, the issue of
such Additional Share of Common Stock or (b) if prior to such issuance or within twenty (20)
davs thereafter the Corporation receives notice from the holders of at least seventy-five percent
(75%) of the then outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, with
respect to any waiver of adjustment to the Series E Conversion Price, or two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of the Series D Stock, Series C Stock. Series C-! Stock. Scries B Preferred
Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, each voting as a separate class with respect to waiver of
adjustment of the Series D Conversion Price. Series C Conversion Price. Scrics C-1 Conversion
Price. Series B Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price, respectively, that no such
adjustment in the Series EF Conversion Price, Series 1) Conversion Price, Series C Conversion

24664081_7.DOC

Price. Series C-] Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price or Scries A Conversion Price. as
applicable. shall be made.

(iii) Issue of Securitics Deemed Issuc of Additional Shares of Common
Stock.

(1) Options and Convertible Securities. In the event the
Corporation at any time or from time to time after the applicable Original Issuc Date shall issue

any Options (excluding for all purposes of this Subsection 2(c)(iii)(!) Options excluded from the
definition of Additional Shares of Common Stock in Subsection 2(c)(1)(4)(B)) or Convertible
Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities
entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Sccurities. then the maximum number of
shares (as set forth in the instrument relating therclo without regard to any provisions contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securitics and Options therefor. the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities. shall be deemed to be Additional Shares
of Common Stock issucd as of the time of such issue or, in case such 4 record date shall have
been fixed. as of the close of business on such record date, and the Scries |: Conversion Price,
Series DD Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price. Serics C-] Conversion Price, Series B
Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price, as applicable, shall be adjusted accordingly,
provided that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be
issued:

(A) no further adjustment in the Series E Conversion Price,
Series D Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price, Series C-] Conversion Price, Scries B
Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price shall be made upon the subsequent issue of
Convertible Securities or shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Sccuritics;

(B) if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms
provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase in the consideration payable to
the Corporation, or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon the
exercise, conversion or exchange thercol, the Serics |: Conversion Price, Scries 1d Conversion
Price, Series C Conversion Price, Serics C-1 Conversion Price, Scries B Conversion Price or
Series A Conversion Price computed upon the origina! issue thercof (or upon the occurrence of a
record date with respect thercto), and any subsequent adjustments based thercon. shall, upon any
such increase or decrease becoming cffective. bc recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease
insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible
Securities:

(C) upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights
of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Sccuritics which shall not have been
exercised, the Scries E Conversion Price, Series D Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price,
Series C-] Conversion Price, Serics B Conversion Price or Scrics A Conversion Price computed

24664081 7.DOC
13

upon the original issuc thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and
any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall. upon such expiration. be recomputed as if:

(1) In the case of Convertible Securities or Options
for Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were the shares of
Common Stock, if any. actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securities and the consideration reccived therefor was the
consideration actually reccived by the Corporation for the issuc of all such Options, whether or
not exercised. plus the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise, or
for the issue of all such Convertible Securitics which were actually converted or exchanged, plus
the additional consideration, if any, actually reccived by the Corporation upon such conversion
or exchange; and

(il) in the case of Options for Convertible
Securities only the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were
issued at the time of issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for
the Additional Sharcs of Common Stock decined to have been then issucd was the consideration
actually received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised,
plus the consideration deemed to have been received by the Corporation (determined pursuant to
Subsection 2(e)(v)) upon the issue of the Convertible Securities with respect to which such
Options were actually exercised;

(ID) no readjustment pursuant to clause (B) or (C) above
shall have the effect of increasing the Series F Conversion Price, Series D Conversion Price.
Series C Conversion Price, Series C-1 Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price or Series A
Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the Series E Conversion Price.
Series D Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Pricc, Series C-1 Conversion Price, Series B
Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price on the original adjustment date, or (ii) the Series
E Conversion Price, Series D Conversion Price. Serics C Conversion Price. Series C-|
Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price that would have
resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the original
adjustment date and such readjustment datc;

(E) if such record date shall have been fixed and such
Options or Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed thercfor, the adjustment
previously made in the Scries E Conversion Pricc, Serics D Conversion Price, Series C
Conversion Price, Series C-1 Conversion Price. Series 13 Conversion Price or Series A
Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of
business on such record date. and thereafter the Scrics E Conversion Price, Scrics ) Conversion
Price, Series C Conversion Price, Serics C-! Conversion Price. Series 3 Conversion Price or
Series A Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Subsection 2(c¢)(iii) as of the actual
date of their issuance.

(2) Stock Dividends, Stock Distributions and Subdivisions. In the
event the Corporation al any time or from time to time afier the Original Issue Date shal! declare

24664081 7 DOC
14

or pay any dividend or make any other distribution on the Common Stock payable in Common
Stock or effect a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or
otherwise than by payment of a dividend in Common Stock), then and in any such event,
Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued with respect to the
Series E Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock. Series C Stock. Series C-1 Stock, Serics B
Preferred Stock and Serics A Preferred Stock:

(A) in the case of any such dividend or distribution,
immediately after the close of business on the record date for the determination of holders of any
class of securities entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, or

(B) in the case of any such subdivision, at the close of
business on the date immediately prior to the date upon which such corporate action becomes
effective.

If such record date shall have been fixed and no part of such dividend or distribution shall
have been paid on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in the Scries E
Conversion Price, Series D Conversion Price. Series C Conversion Price, Series C-1 Conversion
Price, Series B Conversion Price and Series A Conversion Price which became effective on such
record date shal! be canceled as of the close of business on such record date, and thereafter the
Series E Conversion Price, Series D Conversion Price, Serics C Conversion Price, Series C-|
Conversion Price, Scries B Conversion Price and Series A Conversion Price shall be adjusted
pursuant to this Subsection 2(e)(iii) as of the time of actual payment of such dividend or
distribution.

(iv) Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon issuance of Additional Shares
of Common Stock.

(1) In the event that at any time or from time to time after the
Original Issue Date (or. with respect to the Series t. Preferred Stock, at any time or trom time to
time after the date of the Bona ide Financing (as defined below)), the Corporation shall issue
Additional Shares of Common Stock (including. without limitation, Additional Shares of
Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Subsection 2(c)(ii!)(1) but excluding Additional
Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Subsection 2(c)(iii)(2), which event is
dealt with in Subsection 2(e)(vi)(1)), without consideration or for a consideration per share less
than the Series E Conversion Price, Series 1) Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price, Serics
C-! Conversion Price, Serics B Conversion Price or Scries A Conversion Price in effect on the
date of and immediately prior to such issue, then and in such event, such Scries E Conversion
Price. Series D Conversion Price. Series C Conversion Price. Series C-1 Conversion Price, Series
B Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price, as applicable, shall be reduced, concurrently
with such issue. to a price (calculated to the nearest one tenth of one cent) determined in
accordance with the following formula:

24664081_7.DOC

(P))(Q,) + (P3) (Q5)
NC

where:

NCP = New Series E Conversion Price, new Serics D Conversion Price.
new Series C Conversion Price, new Scries C-| Conversion Price,
new Series B Conversion Price or new Serics A Conversion Price.
as applicable;

P = Series E Conversion Price. Serics D Conversion Price, Series C

Conversion Price, Series C-] Conversion Price, Series B
Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price, as applicable, in
effect immediately prior to new issuc;

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding, or deemed to be
outstanding as set forth below, immediately prior to such issue:

©
i

P, = Price per share received by the Corporation upon such issue
~ (calculated in accordance with Subsection 2(e)(v)(2), as
applicable):

co)
i)
tl

Number of shares of Common Stock issued, or deemed to have
been issucd. in the subject transaction:

provided that for the purpose of this Subsection 2(c)(iv)(1), all shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of Options outstanding immediately prior to such issue and conversion of shares of
Series E Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock. Scries C Stock, Series C-! Stock. Series B
Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock. as applicable, outstanding immediately prior to such
issue shall be deemed to be outstanding, and immediately after any Additional Sharcs of
Common Stock are deemed issued pursuant to Subsection 2(c)(i11), such Additional Shares of
Common Stock shall be decmed to be outstanding.

(2) In the event that at any time or from lime to time after the
Series E Original Issue Date, the Corporation shall issue Additional Shares of Common Stock
(including, without limitation. Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued
pursuant to Subsection 2(e)(iti)(1) but excluding Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to
be issued pursuant to Subsection 2(e)(iii)(2). which event is dealt with in Subsection 2(e)(vi)(1)).
without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Scries E Conversion Price in
effect on the date of and immediately prior to such issuc. then and in such event, such Series FE
Conversion Price shall be reduced. concurrently with such issue. to the consideration per share
received by the Corporation for such issue or deemed issue of the Additional Shares of Common
Stock; provided that if such tssuance or deemed issuance was without consideration, then the
Corporation shall be deemed to have reccived an aggregate of $.001 of consideration for all such

24664081 7.DOC

Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or deemed to be issued: provided further, that, if
pursuant to Subsection 2(e)(111)(1)(C) no Additional Shares of Common Stock upon which an
adjustment had been previously made are decmed to have been issued, then the Series E
Conversion Price shall be recalculated to negate the cffect of any adjustment made upon any
previous deemed issuance of such Additional Shares of Common Stock; and provided, further.
that if such issuance or deemed issuance occurs after a Bona I-ide Financing, the adjustment set
forth in Subsection 2(c)(iv)(1) shall apply.

(3) “Bona Fide Financing™ shall mean the first sale and
issuance by the Corporation after the date of the last issuance of the Serics E Preferred Stock. of
shares of its capital stock, or of instruments or securitics convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for shares of its capital stock with gross procecds of at least ten million
($10,000,000) that includes onc or more independent, non-strategic third party investors for cash
for bona fide financing purposes: provided that “Bona Fide !inancing™ shal! not include any
single transaction or scrics of rclated transactions Ied by a strategic investor, as determined by
the holders of two-thirds (2/3) of the Scries E Preferred Stock in their reasonable discretion,
regardless of the amount of sccuritics issued to such strategic investor in such transaction or
transactions, as applicable.

(v) Dctermination of Consideration. lor purposes of this Subsection 2(e),
the consideration reccived by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional Shares of Common
Stock shall be computed as follows:

(1) Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

(A) insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at the
aggrcgate amounts of cash reccived by the Corporation excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued intcrest or accrued dividends:

(B) insofar as it consists of property other than cash, be
computed at the fair value thereof at the time of such issuc, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors: and

(C) in the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are
issued together with other shares or sccurities or other asscts of the Corporation for consideration
which covers both. be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in
clauses (A) and (B) above, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(2) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per
share reccived by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been
issued pursuant to Subsection 2(c)(ili)(1), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be
determined by dividing (x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Corporation as
consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securitics, plus the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto,
without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such

24664081_7 DOC

consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or
exchange of such Convertible Securitics, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities. the
exercise of such Options for Convertible Securitics and the conversion or exchange of such
Convertible Securities, by (y) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in
the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a
subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the
conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(vi) Adjustment for Dividends, Distributions, Subdivisions, Combinations
or Consolidations of Common Stock.

(1) Stock Dividends, Distributions or Subdivisions. In the event
the Corporation shall be decmed to issue Additional Shares of Common Stock pursuant to
Subsection 2(e)(i11)(2) in a stock dividend, stock distribution or subdivision, the Series E.
Conversion Price. Series D Conversion Price. Series C Conversion Price, Series C-! Conversion
Price, Series B Conversion Price and Scries A Conversion Price in effect immediately before
such deemed issuance shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such deemed issuance. be
proportionately decreased.

(2) Combinations or Consolidations. In the event the outstanding
shares of Common Stock shal! be combined or consolidated. by reclassification or otherwise.
into a lesser number of shares of Common Stock, the Series E Conversion Price. Series D
Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price. Series C-1 Conversion Price. Series B Conversion
Price and Scries A Conversion Price in effect immediatcly prior to such combination or
consolidation shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such combination or consolidation, be
proportionately increased.

(f) Adjustments for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event that at any
time or from time to time after the Original Issuc Date the Corporation shall make or issue. or fix
a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive. a dividend or
other distribution payable in securities of the Corporation other than shares of Common Stock or
securities the issuance of which are deemed to be issuances of Common Stock under Subsection
2(e)(iii), then and in each such event provision shall be made so that the holders of Preferred
Stock shall reccive upon conversion thercof in addition to the number of sharcs of Common
Stock receivable thereupon, the amount of securities of the Corporation that they would have
received had their Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock immediately prior to such
event and had thcy thereafter. during the period from the date of such event to and including the
conversion date. retained such securities receivable by them as aforesaid during such period.
giving application during such period to all adjustments called for herein.

(zg) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange. or Substitution. In the event that
at any time or from time to time after the applicable Original Issue Date the Common Stock

issuable upon the conversion of the applicable Preferred Stock shall be changed into the samc or
a different number of shares of any class or scrics of stock or other securities or property,
whether by capital reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise (other than a

24664081 7.D0C

subdivision or combination of shares or stock dividend provided for above. or a merger,
consolidation, or sale of assets provided for below), then and in cach such event the holder of
any shares of the applicable Preferred Stock shall have the right thercafter to convert such sharcs
into the kind and amount of shares of stock and other securitics and property receivable upon
such reorganization. reclassification, recapitalization or other change by the holder of a number
of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such
shares of the applicable Preferred Stock might have been converted immediately prior to such
reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization or change, all subject to further adjustment as
provided herein.

(h) Adjustment for Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Asscts. Subject to the
provisions of Subsection I(c), in the event that, at any time or from time to time after the

applicable Original Issue Date, the Corporation shall merge or consolidate with or into another
entity or scl] all or substantially all of its assets, and such consolidation, merger or sale is not
treated as a liquidation under Subsection 1(c), each share of Preferred Stock shall thereafter be
convertible into the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property to which a
holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation deliverable upon
conversion of such Preferred Stock would have been entitled to receive upon such consolidation,
merger or sale; and, in such case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors) shall be made in the application of the provisions sct forth in this Section 2
with respect to the rights and interest thereafter of the holders of shares of such Preferred Stock,
to the end that the provisions set forth in this Section 2 (including provisions with respect to
changes in and other adjustments of the Series I! Conversion Price, Scries D Conversion Price.
Series C Conversion Price, Series C-| Conversion Price, Serics B Conversion Price and Series A
Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable. as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to
any shares of stock or other securitics or property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of
such Preferred Stock.

(i) Special Mandatory Conversion.

(1) In the event that any holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock.
Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Stock, Series ID Stock or Series li Preferred Stock docs not
participate in a Qualified Financing (as defined below) by purchasing in the aggregate, in such
Qualified Financing and within the time period specified by the Corporation (provided that the
Corporation has given such holder at least ten (10) days prior written notice of the Qualified
Financing), such holder's Pro Rata Amount (as defined below), then the Applicable Portion (as
defined below) of the sharcs of Preferred Stock held by such holder shall automatically, and
without any further action on the part of such holder, be converted into shares of Common Stock
at the applicable Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock in cftect immediately prior
to the consummation of such Qualified Financing, effective upon, subject to, and concurrently
with, the consummation of the Qualified Financing. For purposes of determining the number of
shares of Preferred Stock owned by a holder, and for determining the number of Offered
Securities a holder of Preferred Stock has purchased in a Qualified Financing. all shares of
Preferred Stock held by Affiliates (as defined below) of such holder shall be agercgated with
such holder’s shares and all Offered Securities purchased by Affiliates of such holder shall be

24664081 7,.DOC

agpregated with the Offered Securitics (as defined below) purchased by such holder (provided
that no shares or securities shall be attributed to morc than one entity or person within any such
group of affiliated entities or persons). Any such conversion is sometimes hercinafter referred to
as a “Special Mandatory Conversion.”

(ii) Upon a Special Mandatory Conversion, cach holder of shares of
Preferred Stock converted pursuant to Section 2(i)(i) shall surrender his, her or its certificate or
certificates for all such shares to the Corporation at the place designated in such notice, and shall
thereafter receive certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder is
entitled pursuant to this Section 2(i) and a new certificate for the number of shares, if any, of
Preferred Stock represented by such surrendered certificate and not converted pursuant to
Section 2(i)(i). Ifso required by the Corporation, certificates surrendered for conversion shall be
endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to
the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or by the holder's attorney duly
authorized in writing. All rights with respect to the Preferred Stock converted pursuant to
Section 2(i)(i) shall terminate, except any of the rights of the holder thereof, upon surrender of
the holder’s certificate or certificates thercfor, to receive certificates for the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock has been converted, together with cash in an
amount equal to all dividends declared but unpaid on, and any and all other amounts owing with
respect to, the shares of Preferred Stock converted to and including the time of conversion, and a
new certificate for the number of shares. if any. of Preferred Stock represented by such
surrendered certificate and not convericd pursuant to Section 2(i)(i). Upon the conversion of
shares of Preterred Stock pursuant to Section 2(i)(1). all shares of Preferred Stock of anv holder
thereof shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of shares of Common
Stock to which such holder shall be entitled, and no [ractional share of Common Stock shall be
issued. In lieu of any fractional share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled. the
Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date of such conversion, as reasonably determined by the Board of
Directors in good faith.

(iii) All certificates evidencing shares of Preferred Stock which arc
required to be surrendered for conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof shall. from
and after the time of the Special Mandatory Conversion, be decmed to have been retired and
cancelled, and the shares of Preferred Stock converted pursuant to Section 2(i)(i) represented
thereby shall. from and after the time of the Special Mandatory Conversion. be deemed to have
been converted into Common Stock for all purposes, notwithstanding the failure of the holder or
holders thereof to surrender such certificates on or prior to such date. ‘The Corporation may
thereafter take such appropriate action (without the nced for stockholder action) as may be
necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of the applicable scries of Preferred Stock
accordingly.

(iv) For purposes of this Section 2(i). the following definitions shall
apply:

24664081_7. DOC

(1) “Affiliate” shall mean, with respect to any holder of shares
of Preferred Stock. any person, cntity or firm which, dircctly or indirectly, controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with such holder, including, without limitation. any entity of
which the holder is a partner or member, any partner, officer, director, member or employee of
such holder and any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing of which the holder is a
partner or member which is controlled by or under common control with one or more general
partners of such holder or shares the same management company with such holder.

(2) “Applicable Portion” shall mean, with respect to any holder
of shares of Preferred Stock, a number of shares of Preferred Stock calculated by multiplying the
aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder immediately prior to a
Qualified Financing by a fraction. the numerator of which is cqual to the amount. if positive, by
which such holder’s Pro Rata Amount exceeds the number of Offered Sccuritics actually
purchased by such holder in such Qualified Financing, and the denominator of which is equal to
such holder’s Pro Rata Amount.

(3) “Offered Securitics™ shall mean the equity securities of the
Corporation set aside by the Board of Directors for purchase by holders of outstanding shares of
Preferred Stock in connection with a Qualified Financing, and offered to such holders for
purposes of this Section 2(i).

(4) Pro Rata Amount” shall mean. with respect to any holder
of Preferred Stock. the lesser of (a) the number of Offered Sccurities that such holder is entitled
to purchase pursuant to Section 3 of the Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement dated
on or about the Original Issuc Date of the Series E Preferred Stock, as amended from time to
time (the “Investor Rights Agreement”), or (b) the maximum number of Offered Sccurities that
such holder is permitted by the Corporation to purchase in such Qualified Financing, after giving
effect to any cutbacks or limitations established by the Board of Directors or the other parties to
the Investor Rights Agreement pursuant to a waiver or modification thereof and applied on a pro
rata basis to all holders of Preferred Stock.

(5) “Qualified Financing” shall mean, with respect to the
Serics E Preferred Stock, Serics D Stock, Series C Stack. Series 3 Preferred Stock and Series A
Preferred Stock, any transaction involving the issuance or sale of cquily securities of the
Corporation after the applicable Original Issue Date which would result in the reduction of the
Series E Conversion Price, Serics I) Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price, Series B
Conversion Price or Series A Conversion Price, respectively, pursuant to the terms of Section
2(e){iv)(1) of this Certificate of Incorporation (giving cffect to the operation of Section
2(e)(ii)(b) hereof).

(G)) No Impairment. The Corporation shall not, by amendment of its Certificate of
Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of asscts. consolidation, merger.
dissolution, issuc or sale of sccurilies or anv other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the
Corporation but shall at all times in good faith assist in the carrving out of all the provisions of

24664081 7 DOC

this Section 2 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
protect the Conversion Rights of the holders of Preferred Stock against impairment.

(k) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Series E Conversion Price. Series D Conversion Price, Series C Conversion
Price, Serics C-1 Conversion Price, Series B Conversion Price or Serics A Conversion Price
pursuant to this Section 2, the Corporation at ils expense shall promptly compute such
adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hercof and furnish to each holder of
Series E Preferred Stock, Scries D Preferred Stock, Series C Stock. Series C-1 Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock or Scries A Preferred Stock, as applicable. a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustinent or
readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder
of Serics E Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock. Series C Stock, Series C-1 Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock. furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like
certificate setting forth (i) such adjustinents and readjustments, (ii) the Serics E Conversion
Price, Series D Conversion Price, Series C Conversion Price. Scrics C-| Conversion Price, Series
B Conversion Price or Scries A Conversion Price, as applicable, at the time in effect, and (111) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, ifany, of other property which at the time
would be received upon the conversion of each share of Series li Preferred Stock. Series D
Preferred Stock, Series C Stock, Series C-1 Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred
Stock. as applicable.

(!) Notices of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Corporation of a
record of the holders of any class or series of securitics for the purpose of determining the
holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, the Corporation
shall mail to each holder of Preferred Stock at least ten (10) days prior to such record date a
notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend or distribution.

(m) Common Stock Reserved. The Corporation shall reserve and keep available,
free from pre-emptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock, solely for the
purpose of cftecting the conversion of Preferred Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock
as shall from time to time be sufficient to cffect conversion of the Preferred Stock. Ifat any time
the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect
the conversion of all the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. the Corporation shall
promptly take such corporate aclion as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purpose.

(n) Certain Taxes. he Corporation shall pay any issue or transfer taxes payable
in connection with the conversion of Preferred Stock, provided, however, that the Corporation
shall not be required to pay any tax which may te payable in respect of anv transfer to a name
other than that of the holder of the Preferred Stock.

24664081_7. DOC

(o) Closing of Books. The Corporation shall al no time close its transfer books
against the transfer of any Preferred Stock or of any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon the conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock in any manner which interferes with the
timely conversion or transfer of such Preferred Stock or Common Stock.

(p) Validity of Shares. The Corporation aegrces that it will from time to time take
all such actions as may be required to assure that all sharcs of Common Stock which may be
issued upon conversion of any Preferred Stock will. upon issuance, be legally and validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue
thereof.

Section 3. Restrictions.

(a) In addition to any other vote required by law or this Certificate of
Incorporation, without first obtaining the aftirmative vote or written consent of the holders of at
least seventy-five percent (75%) of the then outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock,
Serics D Preferred Stock or Scries C Preferred Stock or two-thirds of the then outstanding shares
of Series B Preferred Stock or Scries A Preferred Stock. as applicable, the Corporation will not,
either directly or by amendment. merger, consolidation or otherwise, amend the powers,
preferences. or special rights of the Scries E Preferred Stock, Series 1) Preferred Stock. Series C
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Serics A Preferred Stock. respectively.

(b) In addition to any other vote required by law or this Certificate of
Incorporation. without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of at
least two-thirds of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. the Corporation will not, cither
directly or by amendment, merger. consolidation or otherwise:

(i) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, the
Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws:

(ii) authorize or designate any class or scrics of capital stock having
rights senior to or on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Serivs
B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends. liquidation or otherwise;

(iii) enter into any merger, consolidation, capital reorganization,
liquidation or dissolution; sell, tease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation or permit any subsidiary to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all of the assets of such subsidiary;

(iv) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any substantial part of the
Corporation's assets other than in the ordinary course of business;

(v) effect any acquisition of the capital stock of another cntity that results
in the consolidation of that entity into the results of operations of the Corporation:

24664031_7. DOC
23

(vi) acquire another entity in a transaction in which the aggregate
consideration paid has a value of morc than $1,000,000:

(vii) incur indebtedness for borrowed funds, ina single or related series of
transactions, in principal amount at any time outstanding in excess of $500,000, except ina
transaction approved by a majority of the Preferred Stock Directors:

(viii) create a new plan or arrangement for the grant of stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or other similar stock-based compensation (other than
the Corporation’s 2003 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan), or increase the number of
shares or other rights available under any existing plan or arrangement;

(ix) any provision of the By-Laws of the Corporation to the contrary
notwithstanding. increase the number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors: or

(x) pay or declare any dividend or distribution on any shares of its capital
stock (except dividends payable solely in sharcs of Common Stock), or apply any of its asscts to
the redemption, retirement. purchase or acquisition, directly or indirectly, through subsidiaries or
otherwise, of any shares of its capital stock (except as cxpressly set forth hercin and except for
repurchases of Common Stock upon termination of employment or service pursuant fo writien
agreements in effect on the date hercof or written agreements approved by the Corporation's
Board of Directors or a committee thereof).

(c) In addition to any other vote required by law or this Certificate of
Incorporation. without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the Bessemer
Funds and OrbiMed Funds, the Corporation will not. cither directly or by amendment, merger,
consolidation or otherwise, amend the last sentence of Subsection 2(b)(i): provided that, no
consent of the Bessemer l-unds or the OrbiMed Funds shall be required pursuant to this Section
3(c) if either the Bessemer Funds or the OrbiMed Funds do not hold all shares of Preferred Stock
held by cach of such entitics, respectively, immediately following the Closing of the sale of the
Series C Stock pursuant to the Scries C Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated
as of October 23, 2007 among the Corporation and the other parties thereto.

(d) In addition to any other vote required by law or this Certificate of
Incorporation, without first obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of at
least seventy-five percent (75%) of the then outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock, the
Corporation will not. cither directly or by amendment, merger. consolidation or otherwise.
authorize or designate any class or scrics of capital stock having rights senior to or on parity with
the Serics E Preferred Stock as to dividends, liquidation or otherwisc.

2466-4081_7.DOC


Section 4. Voting Rights.

(a) Except as otherwise required by law or set forth in this Certificate of
Incorporation, the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to notice of any meeting of
stockholders and shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class upon
any matter submitted to the stockholders for a voie. Except as otherwise set forth in this
Certificate of Incorporation, with respect to all questions as to which, under law, stockholders are
required to vote by classes or scries, the Series E Preferred Stock, Series D Stock, Series D-|
Stock, Series C Stock, Scrics C-} Stock, Scries B Preferred Stock and Serics A Preferred Stock
shall vote separately as a single class and series apart from the Common Stock. Shares of
Common Stock and Preferred Stock shall entitle the holders thereof to the following number of
votes On any matter as to which they are entitled to vote:

(i) Holders of Common Stock shall have one vote per share; and

(ii) Holders of Preferred Stock shall have that number of votes per share
as is equal to the number of shares of Common Stock (including fractions of a share) into which
each such share of Preferred Stock held by such holder could be converted on the date for
determination of stockholders entitied to vote al the meeting or on the date of any written consent
after giving effect to any adjustment in accordance with Section 2(c).

(b) Any provision of the By-Laws of the Corporation to the contrary
notwithstanding, the number of directors (including the Series A Preferred Stock Directors (as
defined below)) constituting the whole Board of Directors of the Corporation shall not be fixed
al a number greater than ten (10) without the prior written consent of the holders of ut least two-
thirds of the Preferred Stock then outstanding as provided in Section 3(b) above. The Board of
Directors shall not delegate any of its powers or duties to any committee of the Board of
Directors without the consent of a majority of the Preferred Stock Directors then in office.

(c) Atall times during which shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain
outstanding. the holders of the outstanding shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock shall have the
exclusive right, separately from the Common Stock, to clect four directors of the Corporation
(the “Series A Preferred Stock Directors”). ‘Phe Series A Preferred Stock Directors shall be
elected by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Series A
Preferred Stock. Ifa Series A Preferred Stock Director shall cease to serve as a director for any
reason, another director clected by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall replace such
director. Any Series A Preferred Stock Director may be removed, with or without cause, and a
replaceinent Scries A Preferred Stock Director may be elected in his stead, at any time by the
affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for the purpose, or by written consent. of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding Serics A Preterred Stock. At all times during which shares of
Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding. the holders of the outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock shall have the exclusive right, separately from the Common Stock. to elect one
(1) director of the Corporation (the “Series [3 Preferred Stock Director” and, together with the
Serics A Preferred Stock Directors, the “Preferred Stock Directors’). The Series B Preferred
Stock Director shall be elected by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the

24464081 7 DOC

outstanding Scries B Preferred Stock. Ifa Serics B Preferred Stock Director shall cease to serve
as a director for any reason, another director designated by the holders of the outstanding shares
of Series B Preferred Stock shall replace such director. Any Series 13 Preferred Stock Director
may be removed. with or without cause, and a replacement Serics B Preferred Stock Director
may be elected in his stead in accordance with the provisions of this Section, at any time by the
affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for the purpose. or by written consent, of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding Scrics B Preferred Stock.

(d) All other directors of the Corporation shall be elected by the holders of the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock voting together as a single class, with the holders of
Preferred Stock to have that number of votes as is dctermined in accordance with Section

4(a)(ii).

(e) In addition to any rights which may be available under the Corporation's
By-Laws or othenvise under law, the holders of not less than twenty percent (20%) of the
outstanding Preferred Stock shall be entitled to call mectings of the stockholders of the
Corporation. Within five (5) business days after written application by the holders of not less
than twenty percent (20%) of the outstanding Preferred Stock, the President or Secretary, or such
other officer of the Corporation as may be authorized in the By-laws of the Corporation to give
notice of mectings of stockholders of the Corporation, shall notify cach stockholder of the
Corporation entitled to such notice of the date, time, place and purpose of such mecting.

(f) The number of authorized shares of Common Stock. Series D Stock and
Series D-! Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then
outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation
representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote. including pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii), irrespective of the provisions
of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law.

24664081 7 DOC ‘
2

Section 5. Dividends.

(a) Dividends may be declared and paid on Common Stock from funds lawfully
available therefor as and when determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation:
provided that (1) no dividends shall be declared or paid on Common Stock until all dividends
accrued or declared but unpaid on the Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full (ii) no
dividends shall be declared or paid on the Common Stock or the Series A Preferred Stock until
all dividends accrucd or declared but unpaid on the Series B Preferred Stock shall have been paid
in full (iil) no dividends shall be declared or paid on the Common Stock, Series A Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock until all dividends accrued or declared but unpaid on the Series
C Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full (iv) no dividends shall be declared or paid on the
Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock
until all dividends accrued or declared but unpaid on the Serics D Preferred Stock shall have
been paid in full and (v) no dividends shall be declared or paid on the Common Stock. Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock or Serics (0 Preferred Stock
until all dividends accrued or declared but unpaid on the Series E Preferred Stock shall have been
paid in full: and provided further that no dividends shall be declared or paid on shares of
Common Stock unless the Corporation shall declare and pay al the same time to each holder of
Preferred Stock a dividend equal to the dividend which would have been pavable to such holder
if the shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder had been converted into Common Stock on
the record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive such
dividend.

(b) Dividends may be declared and paid on Preferred Stock from funds lawfully
available therefor as and when determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(c) The holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as
declared by the Board of Directors, or with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock, Scrics C Preterred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred
Stock, upon liquidation or redemption as set forth hercin, out of any funds legally available
therefor, preferential cumulative dividends in cash at the rate of eight percent (8%) per share per
annum of the stated value thereof. For such purpose. the “stated value” for each share of Series
E Preferred Stock shall be $3.14, for each share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be $3.14, for
each share of Series C Stock shall be $2.60, for each share of Serics C-1] Stock shall be $2.73, for
each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be $1.85 and for each share of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be $1.00 (which amount. in each case, shall be subject to equitable adjustment
whenever there shall occur a stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, reclassification
or similar event with respect to the Series E Preferred Stock. Series D) Preferred Stock. Serics C
Stock. Series C-1 Stock. Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, respectively).
Such dividends shall be cumulative and shall accrue from the Original Issuc Date of the Series L:
Preferred Stock, Serics D Preferred Stock, Series C Stock. Series C-1 Stock, Scrics B Preferred
Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable, whether or not carned or declared and whether
or not in any fiscal year there shall be net profits or surplus available for the payment of
dividends in such fiscal vear, so that if in any fiscal year or years, such dividends are not paid in

24664081 7.DOC

whole or in part upon the Preferred Stock. the portion of such dividends as shall be unpaid shall
accumulate as against the holders of the Common Stock.

(d) At the time of conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section
2, any dividend accrued but unpaid on such Preferred Stock shall not be paid by the Corporation
and shall be deemed forfeited as of the effective date of such conversion.

(e) No dividends shall be declared or paid on the Common Stock or Preferred
Stock except as set forth in this Section 5.

Section 6. Redemption.

(a) Series E Redemption. At the written election of holders of at least seventy-
five percent (75%) of the outstanding shares of Series I: Preferred Stock made at any time on or
afier the date that is 90 days before the fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date of the Scrics
E Stock, the Corporation shall be required to redeem all. but not less than all, of the outstanding
shares of Series E Preferred Stock in three equal annual installments. upon the terms set forth in
this Section 6 (the date of each installment being referred to as a “Series |; Redemption Date”).
On each Scrics E Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem, on a pro rata basis in
accordance with the number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock owned by cach holder, that
number of outstanding shares of Series 1: Preferred Stock determined by dividing (i) the total
number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Series E
Redemption Date by (ii) the number of remaining Series E Redemption Dates (including the
Series E Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). On cach such Series E
Redemption Date. the holders of Series  Preterred Stock shall surrender the certificate or
certificates for the shares to be redeemed duly endorsed for transfer or with dulv executed stock
transfer powers sufficient to permit transfer attached, at the offices of the Corporation or of any
transfer agent for the Series F Preferred Stock. Ihe Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, issue and deliver to each holder a certificate or certificates for the balance of the
shares not being redeemed. The redemption price per share of Series I Preterred Stock, shall be
equal to (i) $3.14 for the Series E Preferred Stock (which amount shall be adjusted for any stock
dividend, stock split, combination of shares, reclassification or other similar event with respect to
the Series E Preferred Stock) (the “Series E Base Redemption Price”) plus all dividends accrued
or declared but unpaid on such share on the applicable Scrics ; Redemption Date plus (i1) an
additional amount computed like interest payable on the Series [2 Base Redemption Price at the
rate equal to simple interest of ten percent (10%) per annum from the date of issuance of such
share of Series F Preferred Stock. Ifthe funds cf the Corporation legally available for
redemption of the Series E Preferred Stock are insullicient to redeem the number of shares of
Series E Preferred required under this Subsection 6(a) to be redeemed on such date from the
holders of the Series E Preferred Stock. those funds which are legally available will be used to
redeem the maximum possible number of such shares of Series |. Preferred Stock. To the extent
any shares of Series E Preferred Stock are not redeemed on the applicable Series EK Redemption
Date, the Corporation shall promptly return (or issue replacement certificates) any surrendered
certificate or certificates to the record holder of such Series E Preferred Stock. At any time
thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation become legally available for the redemption

24664081 7. DOC

of Series E Preferred Stock, such funds will be used to redecm the maximum number of
additional shares of Series E Preferred Stock which the Corporation was theretofore obligated to
redeem. on the basis set forth in the preceding sentence.

(b) Series D Redemption. [fat any time following the redemption in full of all
shares of Series E Preferred Stock subject to a redemption request, the Corporation receives
written election of holders of at least eighty-five percent (85%) of the outstanding shares of
Series D Preferred Stock made at any time on or alter the date that is 90 days before the fifth
anniversary of the Original Issue Date of the Scrics E Stock. the Corporation shall be required to
redcem all, but not less than all. of the outstanding shares of Scries D Preferred Stock in three
equal annual installments, upon the terms set forth in this Section 6 (the date of cach installment
being referred to as a “Series D Redemption Date”). On each Serics D Redemption Date. the
Corporation shall redeem, on a pro rata basis in accordance with the number of shares of Series
D Preferred Stock owned by each holder, that number of outstanding shares of Series D
Preferred Stock determined by dividing (i) the total number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock
outstanding immediatcly prior to such Serics D Redemption Date by (11) the number of
remaining Series D Redemption Dates (including the Scrics D Redemption Date to which such
calculation applies). On each such Series D Redemption Date, the holders of Series D Preferred
Stock shall surrender the certificate or certilicates for the shares to be redeemed duly endorsed
for transfer or with duly executed stock transfer powers sufficient to permit transtcr attached, at
the offices of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Scries D Preferred Stock. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to cach halder a certificate
or certificates for the balance of the shares not being redeemed. The redemption price per share
of Series D Preferred Stock. shall be equal to (i) $3.14 for the Scrics D Preferred Stock (which
amount, in each case, shall be adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares,
reclassification or other similar event with respect to the Series 1) Preferred Stock) (the “Series D
Base Redemption Price’) plus all dividends accrucd or declared but unpaid on such share on the
applicable Series D Redemption Date plus (11) an additional amount computed like interest
payable on the Series D Base Redemption Price at the rate equal to simple interest of ten percent
(10%) per annum from the date of issuance of such share of Scrics LD Preferred Stock. Subject to
Subsection 6(a). if the funds of the Corporation legally available for redemption of the Series
Preferred Stock are insufficient to redeem the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock
required under this Subsection 6(b) to be redeemed on such date from the holders of the Series D
Preferred Stock, those funds which are Icgally available will be used to redeem the maximum
possible number of such shares of Scrics D Preferred Stock. To the extent any shares of Series D
Preterred Stock are not redeemed on the applicable Serics D Redemption Date, the Corporation
shall promptly return (or issue replacement certificates) any surrendered certificate or certificates
to the record holder of such Serics D Preferred Stock. Subject to Subsection 6(a), at any time
thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation become legally available for the redemption
of Scrics D Preferred Stock, such funds will be used to redeem the maximum number of
additional shares of Series ID Preferred Stock which the Corporation was theretofore obligated to
redeem. on the basis set forth in the preceding sentence.

(c) Scrics C Redemption. Hat any time following the redemption in full of all
shares of Scrics LE Prelerred Stock and Series D Prelerred Stock subject to a redemption request,

24664081 _7.D0C

the Corporation receives written election of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock made at any time on or afier the date that is 90 days before the
fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date of the Series E Stock, the Corporation shall be
required to redcem all, but not less than all. of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock
in three equal annual installments, upon the terms set forth in this Section 6 (the date of each
installment being referred to as a “Scrics C Redemption Date”). On cach Series C Redemption
Date, the Corporation shall redeem, on a pro rata basis in accordance with the number of shares
of Series C Preferred Stock owned by each holder, that number of outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock determined by dividing (i) the total number of shares of Series C Preterred Stock
outstanding immediately prior to such Series C Redemption Date by (i1) the number of remaining
Series C Redemption Dates (including the Series C Redemption Date to which such calculation
applies). On cach such Series C Redemption Date, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall
surrender the certificate or certificates for the sharcs to be redecmed duly endorsed for transfer or
with duly executed stock transfer powers sufficient to permit transfer attached, at the offices of
the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Series C Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall,
as soon as praclicable thereafter, issuc and deliver to each holder a certificate or certificates for
the balance of the shares not being redeemed. ‘he redemption price per share of Scries C
Preferred Stock, shall be equal to (i) $2.60 for the Series C Stock and $2.73 for the Series C-]
Stock (which amount, in cach case, shall be adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split,
combination of shares. reclassification or other similar event with respect to the Scries C Stock
or Series C-1 Stock, respectively) (the “Scries C Base Redemption Price”) plus all dividends
accrued or declared but unpaid on such share on the applicable Series C Redemption Date plus
(ii) an additional amount computed like interest payable on the Series C Base Redemption Price
at the rate equal to simple interest of ten percent (10%) per annum from the date of issuance of
such share of Scrics C Preferred Stock. Subject to Subsections 6(a) and 6(b). if the funds of the
Corporation legally available for redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock are insufficient to
redeem the number of shares of Series C Preferred required under this Subsection 6(c) to be
redeemed on such date from the holders of the Scrics C Preferred Stock. those funds which are
legally available will be used to redeem the maximum possible number of such shares of Series
C Preferred Stock. ‘Vo the cxtent any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are not redeemed on the
applicable Scrics C Redemption Date, the Corporation shall promptly return (or issuc
replacement certificates) any surrendered certificate or certificates to the record holder of such
Series C Preferred Stock. Subject to Subsections 6(a) and 6(b), at any time thereafter when
additional funds of the Corporation become legally available for the redemption of Scrics C
Preferred Stock. such funds will be used to redeem the maximum number of additional shares of
Scrics C Preferred Stock which the Corporation was therctofore obligated to redecin. on the basis
sct forth in the preceding sentence.

(d) Scrics B Redemption. [fat any time following the redemption in full of all
shares of Series E Preferred Stock, Serics D Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock subject
to a redemption request, the Corporation receives written election of holders of at least two-
thirds of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock made at any time on or after the date
that is 90 days before the fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date of the Series I! Stock, the
Corporation shall be required to redcem all, but not less than all. of the outstanding shares of
Series B Preferred Stock in three equal annual installments. upon the terms set forth in this

24664081 _7.D00


Section 6 (the date of each installment being referred to as a “Scries B Redemption Date”). On
each Series B Redemption Date. the Corporation shall redeem, on a pro rata basis in accordance
with the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock owned by each holder, that number of
outstanding shares of Scries B Preferred Stock determined by dividing (i) the total number of
shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Series B Redemption
Date by (ii) the number of remaining Serics B Redemption Dates (including the Series B
Redemption Date to which such calculation applics). On each such Series B Redemption Date.
the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall surrender the certificate or certificates for the shares
to be redeemed duly endorsed for transfer or with duly executed stock transfer powers sufficient
to permit transfer attached, at the offices of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Series
B Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thercaficr, issue and deliver to
each holder a certificate or certificates for the balance of the shares not being redeemed. The
redemption price per share of Series 13 Preferred Stock, shall be equal to (i) $1.85 for the Series
B Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stack dividend, stock split, combination of shares,
reclassification or other similar event with respect to the Serics B Preferred Stock.) (the “Series
B Base Redemption Price”) plus all dividends accrued or declared but unpaid on such share on
the applicable Series B Redemption Date plus (ii) an additional amount computed like interest
payable on the Series B Base Redemption Price at the rate equal to simple interest of ten percent
(10%) per annum from the date of issuance of such share of Scrics B Preferred Stock. Subject to
Subsections 6(a), 6(b) and 6(c), if the funds of the Corporation !egally available for redemption
of the Series B Preferred Stock are insufficient to redeem the number of shares of Serics B
Preferred required under this Subsection 6(d) to be redeemed on such date from the holders of
the Scries B Preferred Stock. those funds which are legally available will be used to redeem the
maximum possible number of such shares of Scries B Preferred Stock. To the extent any shares
of Series B Preferred Stock are not redeemed on the applicable Series B Redemption Date, the
Corporation shall promptly return (or issue replaccment certificates) any surrendered certificate
or certificates to the record holder of such Serics B Preferred Stock. Subject to Subsections 6(a),
6(b) and 6(c). at any time thereafter when additional funds of the Corporation become legally
available for the redemption of Series 13 Preferred Stock. such funds will be used to redeem the
maximum number of additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock which the Corporation was
theretofore obligated to redecm, on the basis set forth in the preceding sentence.

(e) Series A Redemption. If at any time following the redemption in full of all
shares of Series E Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock subject to a redemption request, the Corporation receives written election of
holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock made at any
time on or after the date that is 90 days before the fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date of
the Series E Stock, the Corporation shall be required to redeem all, but not Icss than all. of the
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock in three equal annual installments, upon the terms
set forth in this Section 6 (the date of each installment being referred to as a “Series A
Redemption Date”). On each Series A Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem, on a pro
rata basis in accordance with the number of sharcs of Series A Preferred Stock owned by cach
holder, that number of outstanding shares of Serics A Preferred Stock determined by dividing (i)
the tota] number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
Series A Redemption Date by (ii) the number of remaining Scries A Redemption Dates

24664081 7.00C
3|

(including the Series A Redemption Date to which such calculation applies). On cach such Series
A Redemption Date, the holders of Scrics A Preferred Stock shall surrender the certificate or
certificates for the shares to be redeemed duly endorsed for transfer or with duly executed stock
transfer powers sufficient to permit transfer attached, at the offices of the Corporation or of any
transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock. he Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter. issue and deliver to each holder a certificate or certificates for the balance of the
shares not being redeemed. ‘The redemption price per share of Series A Preferred Stock, shall be
equal to (i) $1.00 for the Series A Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividend. stock split,
combination of shares. reclassification or other similar event with respect to the Series A
Preferred Stock,) (the “Serics A Base Redemption Price’) plus all dividends accrued or declared
but unpaid on such share on the applicable Series A Redemption Date plus (ii) an additional
amount computed like interest payable on the Series A Base Redemption Pricc at the rate equal
to simple interest of ten percent (10%) per annum from the date of issuance of such share of
Series A Preferred Stock. Subject to Subsections 6(a), 6(b), 6(c) and 6(d). if the funds of the
Corporation legally available for redemption of the Serics A Preferred Stock are insufficient to
redeem the number of shares of Series A Preferred required under this Subsection 6(c) to be
redeemed on such date from the holders of the Scries A Prelerred Stock, those funds which are
legally available will be used to redecm the maximum possible number of such shares of Series
A Preferred Stock. To the extent any shares of Scrics A Preferred Stock are not redeemed on the
applicable Series A Redemption Date, the Corporation shall promptly return (or issue
replacement certificates) any surrendered certificate or certificates to the record holder of such
Series A Preterred Stock. Subject to Subsections 6(a). 6(b). 6(c) and 6(d), at any time thereafter
when additional funds of the Corporation become legally available for the redemption of Scries
A Preferred Stock, such funds will be used to redeem the maximum number of additional shares
of Series A Preferred Stock which the Corporation was therctofore obligated to redeem, on the
basis set forth in the preceding sentence.

(f} Notice of redemption shal! be sent by first class mail. postage prepaid, to each
holder of record of the Scrics EF Preferred Stock. Scrics D Preferred Stock, Scrics C Preferred
Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock. as applicable. not Icss than thirty
days nor more than sixty days prior to the first Series E Redemption Date, Series D Redemption
Date, Scrics C Redemption Date, Series B Redemption Date or Scries A Redemption Date, as the
case may be. at the address of such holder as it appears on the books of the Corporation. Such
nolice shall set forth (i) the applicable redemption dates: and (ii) the number of shares to be
redeemed on each date of redemption and the redemption price calculated in accordance with
Subsections 6(a), 6(b), 6(c). 6(d) or 6(c) above. on each such date. The Corporation shall be
obligated to redcem the Series E Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock. Series C Preferred
Stock. Series B Preferred Stock and Scries A Preferred Stock, as applicable, on the dates and in
the amounts set forth in the notice: provided, however. that any holder of Series [EE Preferred
Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock. Serics B Preferred Stock or Series A
Preferred Stock who is not party to a redemption request with respect to such series of Preferred
Stock may convert any or all of the sharcs of such series of Preferred Stock owned by such
halder into Common Stock in accordance with Section 4 al any lime prior to the date of
redemption of such shares. The Corporation, ifadvised before the close of business on the
relevant redemption date by written notice from any holder of record of Preferred Stock to be

24664081 _7.D0C

redeemed, shall credit against the number of shares of Preferred Stock required to be redeemed
from such holder, and shall not redeem, the number of shares of Preferred Stock which shall
have been converted by such holder on or before such date and which shall not previously have
been credited against any redemption.

(g) If, on or before a redemption date, the funds necessary for such redemption
shall have been set aside by the Corporation and deposited with a bank or trust company, in trust
for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the Preferred Stock that has been called for redemption,
then. notwithstanding that any certificates for shares that have been called for redemption shall
not have been surrendered for cancellation, the shares represented thereby shall no longer be
deemed outstanding from and after such redemption date. and all rights of holders of such shares
so called for redemption shall forthwith, after such redemption date, cease and terminate with
respect to such shares. excepting only the right to receive the redemption funds therefor to which
they are entitled. Any interest accrued on funds so deposited and unclaimed by stockholders
entitled thereto shall be paid to such stockholders at the time their respective shares are redeemed
or to the Corporation at the time unclaimed amounts are paid to it. In case the holders of shares
of Preferred Stock which shall have been called for redemption shall not, within one year after
the final redemption date. claim the amounts so deposited with respect to the redemption thereof,
any such bank or trust company shall, upon demand, pay over to the Corporation such unclaimed
amounts and thereupon such bank or trust company shall be relicved of all responsibility in
respect thereof to such holder and such holder shal! look only to the Corporation for the payment
thereof. Any funds so deposited with a bank or trust company which shall not be required for
such redemption by reason of the exercise subsequent to the date of such deposit of the right of
conversion of any shares or otherwise shall be returned to the Corporation forthwith.

(h) If the Corporation for any reason fails to redeem any of the shares of
Preferred Stock in accordance with Subsection 6(a). 6(b), 6(c), 6(d) or 6(c) on or prior to the
redemption datcs determined in accordance with this Section 6. then, the Corporation shall
become obligated to pay, in addition to the total redemption price specified in Subsections 6(a).
6(b). 6(c). 6(d) or 6(e). interest on the unpaid balance of such price, which shall accrue at a rate
equal to the lesser of (i) one percent (1%) per month or (ii) the maximum interest rate allowable
under applicable law, until such price is paid in full.

Section 7. No Reissuance of Preferred Stock. No shares of Preferred Stock acquired by
the Corporation by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.
and all such shares shall be canceled, retired and eliminated from the shares which the
Corporation shall be authorized to issuc.

Section 8. Residual Rights. All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the
Corporation not expressly provided for to the contrary herein shall be vested in the Common
Stock.

Section 9. Notices. All notices required or permitted to be sent pursuant to this Article

FOURTH shall be deemed sufficient if contained in a written instrument and delivered in person
or duly sent by first-class mai] postage prepaid (other than in the case of notices to or from anv

24664081 7 DOC

ve
ive)

non-US. resident) or by fax or DHL, Federal Express or other recognized express international
courier service, addressed to the intended recipient at the recipient's address as it appears on the
books of the Corporation.

FIFTH: In furtherance of and not in limitation of powers conferred by statute, it is
further provided that:

(a) Subject to the limitations and exceptions, if any, contained in the By-Laws of
the Corporation and the requirements of Article FOURTH, Scction 3(b) hercof, the By-Laws
may be adopted. amended or repealed by the Board of Directors of the Corporation with, and
only with, the approval of a majority of the directors then in office:

(b) Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless, and only to the
extent, otherwise provided in the By-laws:

(c) Subject to any applicable requirements of law, the books of the Corporation
may be kept outside the State of Delaware at such locations as may be designated by the Board
of Directors or in the By-Laws of the Corporation: and

(d) Except as provided to the contrary in the provisions establishing a class or
series of stock, the number of authorized shares of such class or series may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote
or written consent of a majority in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote,
voting together as a single class.

SIXTH: The Corporation shall indemnify each person who at any time is, or shall have
been, a director or officer of the Corporation and was or is a party or is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding. whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the
Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer.
employee, or agent of another corporation. partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fincs and amounts paid in settlement
incurred in connection with any such action, suil or proceeding, to the maximum extent
permitted by the Gencral Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may
hereafter be amended. In furtherance of and not in limitation of the foregoing. the Corporation
shall advance expenses, including altorncys” fees, incurred by an officer or director of the
Corporation in defending any civil. criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or
proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of
an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such advances if it shall be
ultimately determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation. The foregoing
right of indemnification shall in no way be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to
which any such director or officer may be entitled, under any By-Law, agreement, vote of
directors or stockholders or otherwise. No aincndment to or repeal of the provisions of this
Article SIXTH shall deprive a director or officer of the benefit hercof with respect to any act or
failure to act occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

246640817 DOC

SEVENTH: No director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation
or to any of its stockholders for monetary damages arising out of such director's breach of his
fiduciary duty as a director of the Corporation, except to the extent that the climination or
limitation of such liability is not permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as the samc exists or may hereafter be amended. No amendment to or repeal of the
provisions of this Article SEVENTH shall deprive any director of the Corporation of the benefit
hereof with respect to any act or failure to act of such director occurring prior to such
amendment or repcal.

EIGHTH: The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any
provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation in the manner now or hereafter prescribed
by statute and this Certificate of Incorporation, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein,
are granted subject to this reservation.”

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

24664081 7 DOC
35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated _
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by John Knopf, its Chicf Executive Officcr, this (C'™
day of June, 2010.

ACCELERON PHARMA INC.

By:
John ;

i Company Signature Page for Charter }

